 This expansion is an enormous , unimaginative PvE timesink . Clearly , Mythic is trying to copy Verant 's formula for success -- long respawn times , long travel times , long `` farming '' , long XP treadmills , and lots of raid-scale encounters . The idea is to make PvE `` challenging '' so that it takes players many months -LRB- of 12.95 $ -RRB- to complete . I say `` challenging , '' but the truth of the matter is that ToA will not test your skill , only your patience.For anyone who plays DAoC for RvR , Trials of Atlantis is a crushing disappointment . Not only is it entirely PvE-oriented , but it introduces a multitude of new -LRB- untested -RRB- abilities and equipment . Early indications are that many of these new abilities/items are `` must-haves '' if you want to remain competitive in the RvR end-game . So unless you are willing to buy the xp , spend hundreds of hours on mindless PvE treadmills , and wait months and months for patches to fix all the bugs & balance issues , you might be best off cancelling your DAoC subscription now ! World of Warcraft looks pretty nice !
 DAOC was formerly a great game . A player could participate effectively in realm v. realm combat without investing too much time in a character . DAOC was friendly to the casual player , where many other mmrpg 's demanded prohibitive amounts of time . Moreover , DAOC allowed relatively serious players to make multiple characters and enjoy them all , because each character did not require all that much of a time sink.Trials of Atlantis changed this by introducing a never-ending player v. environment treadmill for every character . Even serious players are hard-pressed to get a single character `` essential '' skills and equipmen . Almost nobody , except the welfare case that sits at home playitng DAOC 100 + hours a week , can field more than 2 characters effectively post-ToA . Before ToA I was thrilled to play DAOC . Since ToA 's release , I often find myself actually more interested in doing chores around the house and studying . ToA , on balance , is probably less fun than a minimum wage job or doing the laundry.It 's sad to see a great game utterly destroyed by its own developers , but there should be something good to keep us occupied coming up in the next year . Please stay away from this product .
 The Trials of Atlantis expansion has totally changed the way DAoC works and is completely necessary to maintain a competitive edge.Previous to the whole ToA expansion , you were able to spellcraft a single set of armor that would cap every aspect of your character . At that point , for all practical purposes , PvE -LRB- Player vs. Environment -RRB- was over . RvR -LRB- Realm vs. Realm -RRB- was the endgame and had been reached . Time was spent raiding enemy realms , defending the homeland and developing guilds and alliances . Now that ToA is here , there are infinite tweaks that can be made to your character -- overcapping of stats and resist , artifacts that can be gained -LRB- and will eventually degrade and become unusable . -RRB- This can be a good or bad thing , depending on your point of view . I think I like it this way.HOWEVER , THE UGLY . Trials of Atlantis was released with very minimal testing . The first few months have been incredibly painful and buggy . Mythic customer service is by far the worst I have ever encountered in my life . I 've spent 8 hours on a single quest in one sitting that was bugged at the end , causing the entire session to be wasted -- and when we contact Mythic support , they `` file a bug report '' and `` ca n't help you '' . Completely unacceptable and stupid.Mythic had the right idea with DAoC . If they had maintained good customer support , communicated with team leads and fixed bugs right away -- along with perhaps testing things before they put them in - this game would be perfect . As is , you may as well look elsewhere unless you 'd like to pay to beta test a product .
 This felt like an EQ release , all the bugs , long hours , camping , etc. . If I wanted all that , I would still be playing EQ . Mythic went against everything they were saying from day 1 and turned into another verant.The content is n't even unique for the 3 realms , smallest expansion in terms of content and crappy programing/quests . Makes the item system like EQ , the haves always win and the havenots always lose.They went from equal footing in RvR to the people that play more will always win because they have more items/abilities . Endless grinds and camps are the norm in ToA , offers 0 content for the casual or low lvl player.I quit after playing ToA for a week and many others have done the same . Good job mythic , now you are just another failure .
 This expansion was a terrible mistake and a drastic departure from mythic 's previous game plan . It is essentially a massive , 1000-hour time synch to aquire equipment and abilities , without which you can not even remotely compete with your realm adversaries . If you do not have 1000s of hours you will be a second class citizen . If you have more than one character , you can not play them both effectively , no matter how much time your have . If you do not enjoy mundane tasks and losing a lot , you will not like this game.Please do not buy this game . Wait for World of Warcraft or something else.-Retired R7L5 Paladin et al. .
 Trials of Atlantis Expansion from Mythic Ent . as added cd and addon world to the original game Dark Age of Camelot is both a game shaping magnificent experience and profoundly will change gaming in all MMorPgs forever and the worst horror story you 'll be part of at the same time .1 . -RRB- Discovering these new lands and creatures and people will expound your gaming experience to an unmatched level of amazement . Based on the background of the lost city of atlantis an underwater world with thick rich and complex story lines.You will need and want tons of time to do this . This new expansion almost and is entirely designed as an extension for level 50 characters who earned 50 in DAoC -LRB- orig game -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The 2nd aspect of ToA are `` Master Levels '' or `` Trials '' themselves where characters complete a complex sequential series of `` tests '' encounters with monsters and npcs etc. . to achieve a final success of completing a `` Trial '' . 10 tests per Trial , Nine trials . The final encounter is a massive challenge requiring superior numbers of characters with powerful talent and discipline and tons of time in real life -LRB- irl -RRB- .3 . -RRB- The Trials grant the successor member -LRB- character -RRB- a `` master ability '' which will assist them in facing the enemy . The enemy is the other two realms from which DAoC was based . It 's called RvR , Realm verses Realm where your character and realm war against the opposing . These new abilities range from ridiculously useless and inconsequential to grotesquely over powered and war altering.The only compare I could offer you is if a nuclear weapon had plunged to earth in 1200 bc and it had a `` fire '' trigger that was labeled with the caption `` kill another nation pull the trigger '' . Whats the problem ? DAoC is based on RvR -LRB- end game -RRB- . The time it takes to complete a single Trial is approximately 4-6 hours contigously with approximately -LRB- and intermitantly -RRB- 1-5 groups of characters dedicated to performing that one task or test when your online and specifically able to attend for the full 4-6 hours . Now these tests and trials are not easy unless you have alot of organization , leadership , disciplined , kindhearted quiet people who follow and execute direction with little animosity or attitude and have the patience of a redwood tree in California .4 . -RRB- Another unique aspect to ToA expansion are `` Artifacts '' these are legendary powerful rare unique weapons and character wear -LRB- clothes jewelry etc. -RRB- that embue and enhance your character inorder to prepare for war with the enemy . How do you get these?Glad you asked.a . -RRB- you must find and obtain 3 scrolls per artifact . Usually by killing creatures who will eventually `` drop '' the scroll so you can pick it up . After 2 weeks of killing these creatures -LRB- yes I said 2 weeks -RRB- you finally obtain a 2nd scroll the third is so rare of a drop that some members have camped spots for 30 days killing enmasse nonstop to obtain . Do you have that kind of time ? If not , you going to be a naked ham with kill me on their back when facing the enemy.If your a casual gamer and your about to roll a level 1 character and ultimately want to kill the enemy -LRB- someone at their computer who rolled a similar char -RRB- your going to be busy preparing for this event for about 2 years irl . Sound like fun?If so , buy the new expansion and go hog wild.If you dont have that magnitude of free game time and want to kill the enemy in a reasonable 4 - 6 months after ingame preparation -LRB- hunting , questing etc. -RRB- I would seriously suggest you buy another game.Oh and let me add in several instances you kill the monster with the artifact and the monster doesnt drop it . Sometimes the monster only drops it after 12 tries or more . Did I mention it usually takes 1-3 groups of people -LRB- 8 per grp -RRB- to kill this mob?Like I said , if your new your doomed , if your not ... / shrug buy 30 new computers and 30 new accounts from Mythic and cram them into your spare bedroom because you 'll need all of them to achieve a Master Level before year 2010 . Apparently some people have this magnitude of time because their rampaging the war zones and enemy areas wiping out hordes of people who are basically cattle and die with a glazed look on their face .
 Most of the other ranters have hit the flaws with this game on the nose . My point is simply that if Mythic wanted to totally change game dynamic , perspective , and approach , they should have made a new game instead of trying to do it with an expansion pack . Expansion packs are designed to do just that , expand on the game in place , and not dramatically change it . As a result they have alienated their players who came to love and applaud the game they signed up for , not the one Mythic tried to change it into . If you want a different game , why do n't you make a new one ? It would have been much nicer to see Mythic address class and realm balancing issues as well as clean out some long term bugs with the new XP rather than add to them . As a result , Mythic is frantically updating their XP to try and accommodate for the drop in subscriptions.On the plus side the graphics really are quite impressive !
 That 's all I got out of it , a graphics upgrade . Great for PvE ... if you roll deep with 15 friends . If Mythic spent half the time they spent on creating this crap on RvR , maybe we could actually balance some classes for once.If you buy this you 're an idiot , so come flock to Palomides where the rest of us suckers are .
 Visually stunning ... but this is as good as it gets . It gets very downhill from there on in.From a substance standpoint it took everything you HATED about Everquest and dumped it into the quests for Trials of Atlantis . Matt Firor assured players that the Master Levels would not unbalance RvR in DAOC and it would only be an `` horizontal '' instead of `` vertical '' strengthening of characters in RvR . Whatever that means . But as witness the furor over the level 2 Master Level , Prescience Node , it had stealthers up in arms . . and I 'd admit that it was an overpowered `` master level '' But the * single * greatest turnoff about TOA is that you have to kill more and more mobs just to progress up the Master Level tracks which detracts from DAOC 's main selling point . Hello Mythic ? We came to RvR not to PVE some more after that 1-50 leveling grind and yet another grind to get effective Realm Abilities to compete in RvR . This is simply another grind that we can do without.Simply put , in the last year or so , Mythic has devoted nearly all of their attention to the PvE aspect , slowly turning DAOC into `` Everquest Lite '' and basically ignoring RvR and it 's associated issues.Suffice it to say , there 's been a significant jump in cancellations as a result of this poorly thought out expansion . . if you do n't believe me , go to www.palomides.net and see for yourself just how many people cancelled their accounts as a result . Then go to www.camelotherald.com and see how many `` mea culpas '' , patches has been posted for TOA alone . What 's especially insulting is that Matt Firor assumes that it 's because we ca n't tell the difference between an `` complex problem '' and a `` bug '' . * snort * I can not honestly recommend this `` expansion '' to anyone.And lastly , all of my accounts were cancelled as a result of TOA after playing 2 years of DAOC.This should tell you something about TOA and I 'm not alone in my sentiments about TOA .
 Do n't get me wrong , DaoC is a great game and I have two accounts and 14 toons to attest to this fact . The good news , at least for those just entering the game , is that you 'll have an easy time immersing yourself in the game , at all levels . The bad , for long-term gamers , is that Mythic has made all of those levels , Master Levels and achievements that took you months and months of work MUCH easier for noobs to achieve , without actually giving you anything in return -LRB- you DO get the nice title of `` Elder '' if you 've player for four years or more -RRB- . Given the ridiculously exaggerated prices for artifacts and scrolls achieved through Atlantis -LRB- now available for free download along with the basic DaoC software and Shrouded Isles expansion at Mythic 's site -RRB- , Mythic has made scroll drops vastly easier , and dramatically increased the cost of repairing artifacts -LRB- in addition to adding Epic Armor in Catacombs that comes close to approximating artifact quality , and which anyone can , and almost has to , get as part of general class quests -RRB- . It 's genuinely sad that Mythic , rather than responding to its long time , loyal customer base , has chosen to pander the game to potential new subscribers . It would n't be such an issue if something were done to balance this , like giving long-time players some advantages in crafting -LRB- getting an LGM `` has never been easier '' -RRB- , or benefits for toons leveled prior to the Task Dungeons of Catacombs -LRB- where `` leveling has never been easier '' -RRB- . Sadly , this is not the case , and new subscribers continue to join , which is , in some ways , great news . What should concern them , however , is one day they 'll be veterans , like the rest of us , and will find out first hand how deaf Mythic can be to that group .
 This expansion killed DAOC . Everything was decent until this . Then they hire a thug named Amodin at Camelot Vault -LRB- http://camelotvault.ign.com/ -RRB- who bullies all the readers and deletes any negative reviews of this game . Suffice it to say he has 12000 posts there and is Mythic 's lackey . He and Mythic are what killed this game . Check out how he calls himself the ` big dog ' lmao .
 I am extremely sorry I bought this product when the price was 29.00 . Six copies is a whopping amount of wasted money for a unit-tested piece of software -LRB- that 's PRE-beta testing for you non-tech types -RRB- . The bugs , the rewrites , lack of ability for casual gamers , new direction of the game all adds up to pay WAY TOO MUCH for new eye-candy that required a graphics card update as well . It 's so laggy , I 've had to go back to the Shrouded Isles graphics options.I used to recommend this product to other families and gamers . Even those I 've run across in stores . I ca n't and wo n't do that anymore.Get better value for your money
 This really changed the game from something fun for mostgamers into something only for the diehards who puts inhundreds of hours each month.Now the game is NOT for the more casual gamer , if you comewithout the latest skills and Artifacts you will be steamrolledby those who have them , and you cant get these skills andartifacts alone or even with a handful of friends , no you needup to 30 + people for days on end . . real time.After 2 years with DAoC Im now done with it - as are so many others .
 First of all let me say that I love DAOC with SI . The programming there was quite good . NOW , enter ToA ... Apparently Mythic did n't do a good job of network usage forecasting because as soon as they opened up ToA , the network errors and lag went through the roof spoiling the game for not only ToA players but for everyone else as well . I wo n't go into a big technical analysis of it , but as a person who works/programs on network software , let me just sum it up
 I have been playing DAoC since the day it was released . I 've never jumped servers or realms . Always played the same character and have one of the top guilds in the DAoC world . DAoC was due for a change . It needed something to shake up the game and add a new facet to it . Whether it was Mythic 's intention or not , DAoC has become a RvR focused game . Everyone drudges through the PvE as fast as they can so that they can partake in the RvR environment . Well , Mythic delivered a great looking flop . True , the graphics are beautiful , that is when you can see them through all the lag . I run a top end machine with a top end graphics card and I still have serious lag issues since installing ToA . Mythic has created a huge PvE environment and has tried to correct some of its time issues by adding port stones , but in the end , I have not come across a single person who is having fun playing the expansion . Everyone is just trying to get through it as quickly as possible so they can get back to the RvR , and they have to do it like it or not , because if they do n't they will no longer be competative in RvR . Mythic should have expanded on it 's RvR environment and left the PvE nightmare for another game . Many , many long time DAoC players are calling it quits . Mythic may have cut their own throats with this one I 'm afraid . I for one will be moving on to other forums .
 First , if you own a DS Lite , DO NOT BUY THIS . It relies heavily on the `` Wrist/thumb strap '' that comes with the original DS ONLY.Secondly , the controls for this came could n't be harder to use . You aim using the touch screen , then have to transfer to the R button to fire , leaving about 3 seconds of exposure to enemy fire ... everytime you try to shoot -LRB- If you get the aim right the first time , which is rare -RRB- . It is really frustrating to play.I am really into professional paintball , and I ca n't stand this game . Paintball fans and gaming fans will both be diassapointed .
 Truthfully , paintball is a good game . But for me i just dont like it . Maybe it is made for boys or something like that , but after a few plays i put it down and never played it again . ^ - ^
 IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS 7 OR VISTA DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO INSTALL THIS GAME !!!!! PURCHASED THIS GAME FROM KNIGHTS DISCOUNT . THEY ARE GREAT . THEY SPENT TIME WITH ME TRYING TO INSTALL GAME . HOW MANY OTHER VENDORS WOULD DO THIS . TAKE THIS ADVICE -- DONT BUY !!!
 I bought this 3 pack from another retailer for 5 bucks and thought that I was getting an awesome deal , I couldnt wait to play the games on my PC . Once I received them and tried to Install them on my Windows 7 x64 computer however I was sadly disappointed to find out that they didnt work . I tried several things to get them to work like running them in compatibility mode for Windows XP , Running them in Administrator mode with Windows XP compatibility , and nothing worked.I only got one of the 3 games to launch the installer , the other two would try to load the installer for a long time and never launch the installer even if I went in the cd and clicked on the setup.exe file . The game that I did manage to get to install didnt run correctly either , and I made the mistake of saying that I would register later after the installation finished which caused the installer to install a bugged reminder program on my computer that would remind me to register the game every time my computer rebooted . I tried to uninstall the game to get rid of this registration bug but that didnt solve the problem so I eventually just reformatted the computer.I have heard that people who purchase the games on steam dont run across the same issues as the people with the CD copys due to the copy protection used in the CD copies but even the steam purchased copies dont run 100 % fine on x64 operating systems .
 This one of a bomb . Nothing worked properly , and I gave up . It went to the scrap pile since you ca n't return software .
 Check your compatibility before purchase . I bought this set for Lock On Air Combat alone , and it did n't work on either of my computers .
 The whole IL-2 series are some of the worst flight sims ever made ... The main thing you buy a combat FLIGHT sim is for the flight . . the flight modeling in this game , I do mean game because it is far from a sim , is based on one mans ultimate approval ... Olig Maddox so the flight and damage modeling is based on what he likes not real life.So if you want to fly around in an aircraft that feels as if the CG is waaaay to far aft this is your game but , if you are looking for something that replicates a real aircraft ... look elsewhere . I bought all of mine to play with some friends but decided not to continue with this and now use the games as coffee coasters on my end-tables . not worth any amount of money .
 First , remove the word `` mystery '' from the title . I played this with my -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter and we completed the entire game in 90 minutes . The clues are more like facts that Barbie shares rather than things the player finds . There is little reasoning or thought required by the player , and there is no way to deduce the culprit without hearing the culprit 's backstory at the end of the game . Maybe suitable for 6 - 8 year old .
 Despite meticulously loading the game we had error messages from the beginning followed by erratic play.Tried to contact Activision customer support and got ----- nowhere . They have no phone contact , just a slow and plodding email system that blames everything but the game.Save your aggravation and get something else . Better yet , get a Mac next time as I intend to do and avoid Windows nonsense all together .
 My 12 year old and 8 year old daughters loved this game . They 've both played it twice in one day and really had fun . My complaint is that I spent $ 30 on it and it took them each about an hour to play the whole game . It 's not worth the money .
 This game simply will not work on a PC running Windows 7 . This was confirmed by Activision . While the box does states the system requirements as Windows XP/2000 , Pentium III 600Mhz , DirectX 9.0 ; there is nothing to alert you to the fact that newer PC 's wo n't run it . You ca n't blame the manufacturer if the boxes were made 5 + years ago , but just beware - if your PC is Windows 7 , it will not install .
 I wasted my money when I bought this game , from the reviews I had seen , I thought that this was a game that you built and played your own golf course . You never play the course and the graphics are terrible . Simgolf is far better than this one -LRB- and I have that too -RRB- . I would not recommend purchasing this game .
 having problems with the charger port , and that was not mentioned when i bought it
 Actually , I really ca n't rate it because I never got the Nintento . After patiently waiting 5 weeks for it , I finally gave up and asked for a refund . The only good thing about it was Amazon gave me a refund within a week of me filing a complaint .
 I asked my father to get me the sp for Christmas and he did ! The sp is sooooooooooooooo cooool ! It has a flip screen so your screen wo n't get messed up like my gameboy advanced -LRB- Trust me . You do n't want to see it 's screen -RRB- . And it has this cool light so you do n't have to worry about your parents getting mad because you are playing in the dark . And it comes with this rechargeable batterry so you can play again and again . This gameboy is so cool . You have to get it now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 did not come with a charger and was not in &#34; good &#34; condition , more like fair condition.I had to buy a charger from e-bay and spent more than I wanted
 this is a horrible toy that does not entertain me for more than 60 seconds . i even bought 70 games for this and it is still not entertaining . the nintendo ds is much much much much much much much much much much better than this . the gameboy is terrible !!
 Planegames sent me the handheld and I received it fairly quick , but did not send a charger , and you ca n't play the handheld very long if you do n't have a charger . Extremely mad ...
 Yes , I do agree with the fact that this is better than the Game Boy Advance , but Nintendo has never been good when it comes to video games . The DS is n't much better than this because they all have flat graphics but what else can u expect ? This was Ok , but when you have many games that you wasted money on for a piece of junk machine , you realize that this REALLY SUCKS !
 It is great the only problem is that the games stink . The only games that were good were all the Mario games . I thing you should get this if you like Mario . My sister bought this 2 years ago and it is still in great shape . The other thing is that YOU SHOULD NOT GET A SONY PSP !!!!!!!!
 Communication from seller was poor to non-existent . I never received the item -LRB- gameboy -RRB- . The seller claimed the post office lost the item , but never supplied any tracking information whatsoever . When I emailed the seller to inquire about an equal replacement item , I did not get any reply .
 I have n't perceived advantages significant that it can offer to the classic control of Wii , during a game it tends to disarticulate with facility and increases the weight in my hands during the game .
 THIS IS SOMETHING THAT 'S NOT NEEDED JUST A PIECE OF PLASTIC THAT GET 'S IN THE WAY .
 Did not tell you that you also needed an extra item that was not included to use it . Very unhappy . Have not been able to use it at all ,
 For $ 5 , there was no reason to pass it up . All the reviews I read were positive . I guess it must be me but I could not get the Wiimote holder to stay connected to the grip.It was not worth the money to mail it back to amazon for a refund.I would not reccommend this item at all .
 The company who made the original game took Harvest Moon a wonderful life and added this `` ANOTHER '' title for the option of playing this version as a girl . But other than that and the glitches in the original that actually helped you make money a little easier they have done nothing but repackaged the same game to make money on it twice.You still have to go square by square to plant , hoe and water your crops . From the 1st game this should have been upgraded with each new Hoe , Sickle , Water pail you purchase it should have made it easier for you to work your crops instead of the 1 by 1 style , which takes up most of your time since you have to water about twice a day -LRB- unless it rains -RRB- . With each upgrade to those items they should have made them go up like 1 , 2 , or 3 for example so you had a few options . I was wishing it would just rain everyday after a while.I do like the fact that I get to play as a girl but the game itself is exactly the same as the 1st version of this game . I found this highly disappointing even though I 'd wanted the option to play as a girl the 1st time around . They should have started with you picking your character , but instead they began with a male character , sold a number of copies of that and now offer up a female character -LRB- because that is all you are paying for if you buy this game is a female character the game is exactly the same -RRB- . As far as I can tell your spouse does nothing on the farm to help you out after marriage so you are still doing everything yourself.I was looking forward to the version they were preparing for the PS2 but after this one I think I 'll just keep my money where it is.For those that have n't played the Harvest Moon A wonderful life game I do highly recommend the game but pick before hand whether you want the male or female game . I had high hopes that they 'd added more than a girl to this game , but was highly disappointed .
 Please save your money by buying the original Harvest Moon at half price . It is very nearly the same game -- same townspeople , same conversations , same animals , same farm . If you remember the original , the girl has to choose from a few of the eligible batchelors -LRB- Gustafa , Marlin , or Rocky -RRB- -- they did n't even add potential mates for her!I do n't know why Another Wonderful Life came out so long after the original because they basically kept the format , changed the boy to a girl , made a few subtle changes , and marked it for sale.If you 're a huge fan and want to check out the new version -- rent it . Keep the old one and start over if you feel like playing the game again . Hopefully , I save you the $ 30 I wasted .
 I hate the other Harvest Moon games ! I do n't like that you have to buy one girl or boy version ! Besides , there is only 3 characters to marry ! Buy Harvest Moon
 Having played this game on the PS2 I was excited when I found out that there was a PC version . I wish I had researched it first.Quoted from the Sega PSU Website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- `` Some laptop or notebook computers may not run the game properly , even if they meet the same system settings as a comparable desktop computer . Unfortunately , we can not guarantee that PHANTASY STAR UNIVERSE will be compatible with laptop or notebook computers . `` now I am stuck with a game I ca n't play .
 After playing my brother 's PS2 copy , I figured I 'd give this a try . Unfortunately , after installing the game on my brand new Vista computer , I found the performance was very sluggish and slow . After checking through Sega 's technical support section , I found out that this game is not supported for the Windows Vista operating system . Needless to say , I tossed this thing in the trash afterwards.So buyer beware . This game is NOT VISTA COMPATIBLE .
 This game has/had so much potential . The graphics are ok , the actual story and ` feel ' are nice and immersable . There are pleanty of nifty ` new ' things that make this game feel like its not another boring RPG but something a little different . HOWEVER the game controls ABSOLUTELY SUCK . You have the options of either using your keyboard or a game controller . NO MOUSE SUPPORT . I dont have a controller so i used keyboard for movement etc. . I dont know about you but I dont like to spend more time trying to face my opponent and find them than I do actualy fighting them . I have always hated the WASD movement system and in real time battles this system is terrible . The whole time I was playing all I could think was `` My mouse is sitting rite there , why cant I use it to navigate the world ?? It would all be sooo much better if I could '' . I know alot of you have become acustom to the WASD movement system but I have never and will never like it . This game could be sooo cool except for the LOUSY CAMERA ANGLES and EVEN WORSE MOVEMENT FUNCTIONS . You have to constantly be pushing a button or rearranging your camera and I spent more time orienting myself and learning the convoluded and overworked movement/inventory system that I didnt get a chance to take in my surroundings or enjoy the graphics . Wait for this game to become VERY cheap before you buy in my opinion . I dont want a game that you have to take a class to play and im sure you dont either .
 Phantasy Star 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 were great , in fact IMHO they are the 4 greatest RPG 's ever . Great gameplay , great replay value , great graphics , great story , total freedom , random appearing enemies , massively explorable maps.So what does Phantasy Star Universe have?Horrible graphics , laughable voice acting , awful gameplay , enemies that appear on que instead of at random , crappy bland `` real-time '' instead of unique and thought-out `` turn-based '' . A lot like those horrible Final Fantasy games , no freedom what-so-ever . I do n't like being told what to do in an RPG , it just is n't right.Save your money , go and fire-up the Genesis and enjoy when RPG 's were good .
 The game itself is fantastic . A wonderful combination of RPG and action.It has a variety of weapons and outfits to customize your character as you like , all with their own look ; wonderful cut scenes and graphics for the overall game . Some of the missions can be a little tedious to do but I do n't think it takes away from the overall quality of the game.The online aspect is also a very good one as well . In theory , that is.The few times I had the chance to play with other players , it was fast paced and exciting - something you do n't get in a lot of online RPGs . However , the player base for the PC/PS2 community is a very , very small one . From what I 've heard the Xbox players outnumber PC and PS2 combined . This would n't be so much of an issue if you were given the option to interact with the Xbox players as well , however PS2 and PC players are restricted to one server , while Xbox players are restricted to another.On top of this , customer service is next to non-existent . For an online , pay-to-play game , this is shocking to say the least . I encountered a game stopping bug , and have had a petition requesting help from Sega up for the last month , with absolutely no response whatsoever but for the automated confirmation . Thus I have been unable to continue the main storyline.Amazing game . Wonderful potential . And a lot of fun ... if I could still play it.If there were any moderators , customer service , or help from the company of any sort , it could have been an amazing game . But right now it 's just sitting there , collecting dust.Watch the Sega site before buying this one . If they ever get their act together , and actually TRY working on this one again , it 'd be worth playing . Until then , do n't expect more than the main story . And even then , if you 're buying the PC based version , be ready for bugs .
 I usually enjoy the added functionality of a mouse and keyboard when I have the option of going with either the console or PC version . You can imagine my surprise when I found out that you do n't even use the mouse in the PC version . The controls on the PC are painfully awkward using a keyboard for a game designed for an analog controller.As far as the game itself is concerned , the single player game limits you to a unforgivingly cliche male adolecent which I could not bring myself to play . The online version does allow for some respectable character creation , even if you are n't into the Japanese stereotypes -LRB- although it 's $ 10 extra each month -RRB- . I imagine this game would be fairly playable if you have a pretty good controller for your PC , but it 's downright painful with a keyboard . It 's overwhelmingly obvious that this was a console native game that was poorly ported to the PC when you first start and get to select from 5 screen resolutions ranging from 640x480 up to 1280x1024 . After you are in game , be prepared to spend a good time going through tutorials and exploring the large starter city before you ever actually get to any combat -LRB- online mode -RRB- . Overall , the single player I imagine would be unplayable for most , the controls are just unacceptable on the PC unless you have a good controller , the resolution is terrible by PC standards and it takes forever to really get started but even after all is said and done , it 's a Phantasy Star game . I enjoyed Phantasy Star Online quite a bit for the Dreamcast and I imagine I 'll enjoy this as soon as I get around to buying it for my 360 .
 Do know that the reason you 're getting this game for $ 2 , is because the Sega Servers are no longer operational , and the offline version of the game -LRB- story line -RRB- , needs internet to start!Without internet , you can not even play the offline version.I tried it on a netbook , with minimal settings , but all I get is a black screen.Too bad , because I played PSU AOTI before , and that was an awesome game!Don ' t waste your $ 2 , unless you know somewhere where they have an offline gameguard patch !
 It is in my opinion that you should n't buy this game . If liked Phantasy Star Online , and would like to see a similar game , check out the stand alone expansion for this game -LRB- called Phantasy Star Universe
 Are you kidding me . This game is horrible . Hard to control . The camera angles are just to hard to control.I rented it and played it about 45 minutes before I put in a new game . It would totally suck if I had bought it .
 If you are a long time sonic fan this game will dissapoint you to where you would wan na return it on the first day you got it . This game is probably the glitchiest game ive played in my life this game is unfinished and its not fun . Sonic is impossible to control , Shadow is just plain slow , Silver runs like a slug ! overall do not get this game even if you see it for a few dollars just stay away from it .
 This game is just sad . I played the first area and got bored . Its just not fun .
 I read the reviews , but I thought I 'd still try it . It coul n't be that bad . Here 's the bad i found :1 . Sonic kind of freezes up waiting for tails to catch up .2 . There 's just too many long loading times in the same level . For any activity there 's a loading time .3 . The characters and town look boxy . It 's not 3rd generation . It looks Sega Genesis quality .4 . You have to `` talk '' to pretty much every character in town . And most of them tell you useless crap .
 This game just down right HORROBLE . Did sega rush through this game?Camera is HORRIBLE , wich needs to be decently good.VOICE ACTING ??? Human characters make these wierd sounds . The Text messages should have only existed for this failure.So many other mistakes to list . Now getting to the point !!! Do n't know if sega had to rush the game so they can meet a relese deadline or what ???????? . The most important part 's of this `` not considered game '' are missing.This is an incomplete game that should have not been released when it did.If the developers gave this game a few more weeks of development , I am sure people would have appreciated it more.Instead it became a waste of resources , blu-ray disk , time , and money.Whoever released Sonic like this should be relieved of their job.Sonic needs to be rethinked from the Dreamcast days . DREAMCAST was the last time Sonic showed what he is made of .
 This game is full of glitches and has long load times . I played it on xbox 360 and it was n't as bad as for playstation . Do not waste your money
 I think this game should be recalled . There are too many issues to list but a couple are
 If you read through the net , you will find very similiar comments on this game regardless of the platform . 95 % of the reviews for this game are bad . A few personal comments . While the CGI for the crossover scenes between levels are decent -LRB- not that great but ok -RRB- , the graphics during the game play is dissapointing . The basic game play is aweful too . I found myself dying not because of being killed by a villain but rather from me falling off some cliff -LRB- or rather -RRB- due to bad camera angles . It 's not fun when you do n't have a reason to die and yet you do . If you want to be frustrated for hours , then get it . Or else , save your money and buy a better game .
 I wish I had rented it , cause it is ALWAYS loading , you spend at least 70 % of the time waiting for it to load . Not only that but often times you do n't actually play/control sonic during the game . I bought this game because of the good times I had with dreamcast , all honest , this one is a # @ * ! % of # $ @ % !
 Sega really flopped on this one . I treid playing it for a few hours . . the camera angles , yes you can adjust them . . but as soon as you start running again , they resume their same terrible view point . This is the biggest waste of my money ... Do n't buy it !
 I 've just loved Sonic games for too long to not be upset about this . I 'll start with the good news...1-You can buy it for a cheap price.2-The characters are cute little animals -LRB- well , not Elise -RRB- . That 's about all I got for you . The rest is pretty much horrible...1-Sonic takes Shadow 's place -LRB- with Maria in Shadow the Hedgehog , Sonic Adventure 2 , SA2B -RRB- by kissing a human girl ... other than the fact that that point is being bitten off Shadow 's story , it 's utterly disgusting . They actually kiss ... did n't think they were going to take it that far ... Sonic , just stick to Amy ! 2-The storyline is a bad attempt at a good one . Ah , well-at least they did n't waste the whole time biting off their previous games...3-Loading times take up about half of the game , sometimes it takes so long I think my game crashed ... and yet , it 's not worth the wait , bringing me to my next point-4-Glitches ! It 's just so easy to make a list , and most of the time , they 're not funny , which is weird for me , because I usually find glitches , hacks , mistakes , and bloopers highly amusing...5-Funny how they called it Sonic the Hedgehog after the artwork Sonic Team made for Genesis , while this one 's garbage ... yes , I 'm even upset about the name.6-Again with the new character thing ! Yes , Shadow and Jet were okay and Chip was n't really that bad but ELISE and SILVER ! My problem with Elise
 i bought this at a brick and mortar store on impulse . what a sad waste of $ 20 . bad game play , bad angles , bad story line , bad everything . i was thinking that it would be a normal sonic platform game . i was sadly mistaken . my only hope is to give it away to someone dumber than me . i 'm just that mean . i hope sega is able to redeem itself in the future .
 Allow me to join the chorus of ` boos ' for this game . The only Sonic game I 've ever played was the original game on one of the Sega systems . When I saw this game pretty cheap at Target , I thought hey that oughta be fun ! Turns out , it is the opposite of fun . Bad Control , bizarre camera angles -LRB- one moment , you are running or jumping straight ahead , the next moment , you are flying 90 degrees off into oblivion because the camera just changed . . -RRB- LOOOONG load screens like every 5 seconds -LRB- brought on by the fact than you will DIE every 5 seconds through no fault of your own -RRB- . It is just generally awful . Buy this for your worst enemy ... maybe ... but not for anyone you care remotely about .
 I am another who deeply regrets wasting my $ 60 on this game . If you can stand the CONSTANT loading , then maybe you could tolerate the glitchy graphics , and average -LRB- AT BEST -RRB- storyline and gameplay.Total disappointment . Honestly , I enjoyed the original Sega Genesis version to this one , HANDS DOWN.Save your money for Rainbow 6 , or Battlefield Bad Company
 I have to say , that when I first put this game in my PS3 that my disappointment was immediate . The graphics , for what one would expect on the PS3 are very underwhelming . After playing games like Call of Duty 3 and seeing some of what PS3 is capable of , it is very disappointing to see PS2 level -LRB- at best -RRB- graphics in a game that costs the same as Call of Duty 3 . The initial levels are boring and dull and do not suck you into the game at all . The initial cut scene is beautiful and gets your hopes up only to dash them moments later . PS2 games like God of War had MUCH better graphics . I am very disappointed so far with what Sony , Sega , and other software firms have offered for PS3 . After screwing up the launch , I thought for sure that they would be looking to gain back some momentum by releasing strong , graphically beautiful titles that harness the power of the machine , but not so far , at least not with Sonic the Hedgehog . I recommend you skip this one , at least until the price comes down a lot .
 This game is , in a nutshell , unfinished . The core of the game is flawed because not enough time was spent on programming . The long load times are not an exaggeration , go to youtube and search for sonic load times . The video 's are not doctored , it will really take 5 minutes to do a mission which requires 1 minute of play . And the worst part is many of these glitches and load times could have been fixed . Easily . So shame on you SEGA for trying to deceive your fans by calling this beta version a completed game . THATS NO GOOD !
 This game takes way too long to load . I ca n't believe the amount of time I waste waiting for things to load . I thought that one of the things they were going to cut down on with the ps3 were the number of transitions and loads necessary to play even the most hardware intensive games . At least games like call to duty 3 have a story line that plays while things are loading . Then to top it off the game just is n't that much fun . I was bored in the first 45 minutes I owned the game . I went and traded it in for tonyhawk . Much more entertaining for my money . I would definitely rent this one before buying it .
 Sonic is a game that you should only rent . I 've played a good handfull of PS3 games , such as resistance , madden , need for speed and tony hawk and none of these games were as hard as sonic is to master . I do not like the gameplay at all , text boxes get in the way , there are more than one action assigned to a certain control and sometimes the game freezes my playstation 3 . There are many problems wrong with the Sonic game and i could probably go on . Half the time you do n't even control sonic and he will fall off the track . SEGA should have spent a lot more time perfecting this game . The graphics , however , are a nice feature ... state of the art graphics and the enemies are beatable . Those are the only two things I like about sonic . I stood it out and beat the game but it was hard . Final verdict - the game is a good game if you like to get mad because sonic wo n't do what you tell him to do . I 've played a lot of PS3 games and this is by far the worst , besides marvel alliance .
 I enjoyed Sonic quite a bit when it was a frenetic scroller on the DC and even the one that 's out for PSP is reminiscent of the originals . Sadly , the 3d environment , twitchy controls , and unforgiving timing critical events , leave you wanting and frustrated . You 're forced to repeat segments in multiple zones until you 're sick to death of seeing the sequence and hearing the same droning cutsey dialog . This is exacerbated by a lack of save points . Visually it 's decent , but hardly a showcase for a next-gen platformer . This one is likely to spend most of its life on the shelf .
 As a long time fan of the Sonic series , I could n't help but check this game out for myself regardless of all the bagging it has received in various review forums . Boy oh boy I should have listened to you guys . I could not have ejected this poor poor excuse for a game quick enough from my machine . Shame , shame , shame for shame . As a tradition when placing a new game into any console for the first time , I refrain from touching any buttons , making sure to watch any intro movies first . Kinda like the initial sip from a bowl of soup before you tackle the guts of it . Anyhow , after the ooo-ing and aaaa-ing at the intro movie ; with a giant grin on my face I finally pressed start . That 's where everything pretty much turned to a steaming pile of minke whale crap and my excitement turned to bitter , bitter , frustration . Amidst the graphical glitches , broken camera view points and horrible , horrible voice acting -LRB- tails ' IQ seems to be dropping as his voice gets dopier with each passing game -RRB- , the game just lacked any excitement . My enthusiasm died pretty much at the shoe mission at the very start . Dear lord I can only hope that the next one is better than this waste of a blue-ray disc . It 's going to take hours upon hours of GTA4 game play to remove the filthy , filthy after taste.Please friends avoid this like the plague and spare yourself the suffering of hair pulling and gnashing of the teeth
 No nostalgia here . This game was released unfinished . Timed a 2 min load for a 2 sentence `` conversation '' -LRB- cut scene -RRB- , and then an even longer load for the level right after it ! The shading is absurd - using dithering and blocks.I only bought this because it was both cheap and Sonic . BAD mistake . Well , I do have a proper anthology of Sonic now , so that is something . Just do n't take out your frustration on your controller , it is not it 's fault .
 This game has gotten really bad reviews . But I do n't see many people emphasizing the real reasons why it 's bad . Now , it 's not all bad . In terms of 3D Sonic Games this is the one with the GREATEST GRAPHICS ! By far , the environments are very well put together . But this brings about the problem . A lot of people can praise a game for graphics , but I 'm tired of only hearing about them . Graphics do n't make a game ! This is the prime example why ! Sega spent so much time , and energy into the design , they never payed attention to the most important part of any video game ever created ! Game play ! The game play of Sonic Unleashed outranks this by billions of medals . I 'll warn some people now , this game CAN be upright unplayable . I 'm not yelling and ranting like a fan boy , but this game can literally be unplayable due to it 's glitches . Also the thing that alot of people complain about it the characters move slow as molasses . I wo n't go on any further with that however . The other reviews sum that up for me.The next thing I want to address is the Story , Music , Etc. . People say the story starts slow and you need to work up to the point where it gets good . This ca n't be any further from the truth . A matter of fact the story is a roller coaster . Goes up and down . But this is a very bad roller coaster . The slow parts everyone refers to is the fact you need to walk around for quite a while to find the next main mission , therefor progressing the story . Unless you have a map of Soleana or any other place in the game you are undoubtedly going to get lost on your first playthrough . But that alone does n't make the story bad . No it does that itself . Once again . If you bother to read the other reviews that sound a little reasonable then they say why for me . Music is alright . It 's bearable , but not what alot of people expect from Sonic Team.TL ; DR - Game 's bad . If this is your first Sonic game please do n't let it fuel your opinion of the series as a whole .
 The game was rushed . The instruction manual says there are things in the game , that in fact , never made it in the final release . The load times are totaly unacceptable , incredibly long load times for just five seconds of either a CG or mini-game instruction . The controls are HORRIBLE and in some areas , the ground is there , but you can still fall through . The slowdown in this game is UNBEARABLE and the camery WILL KILL YOU . Try to avoid this game alltogether , unless you do n't mind playing 20 dollars for it .
 You want to talk about a disappointment . The Playstation 3 is supposed to show off amazing graphical improvements compared to the PS2 , and yet , this Sonic game does n't do ANYTHING at all to show off the consoles supposed `` amazing power '' . Also , this game is pretty bad because the trademark of Sonic the Hedgehog is supposed to be speed , and yet , he 's SLOWER than ever in this game . Also the levels are pretty tough and the controls are n't anywhere near as good as the old Sonic games on the Sega Genesis . A rushed game with mistakes all over the place that should be avoided .
 Five minutes into it ... I stopped playing.I 've had more fun watching grass grow and paint dry.Don ' t get it.Definitely DO believe the reviews .
 I did n't like the game very much . it did n't have the sonic feel . it 's confusing !!
 well , since there arent many titles for my powehouse game system , i decided to go out and buy a bunch ' o games for it . well , this game is a complete waste of money . it seems that this game would be more fun on the wii , but all in all , the only games that i consder worth having are nba 2k7 , resistance fall of man and maybe call of duty . note that i love basketball and football games .
 I was a huge fan of Sonic in the Genesis days , but any 3D version has been a dissapointment , and this game is no different . The camera has been the biggest issue and the trend continues for this one . Speed is Sonic 's gig and they just have n't figured out a way to mesh that with a 3D world , but they are getting closer . There were parts that showed promise , but it still does n't make it a good game . Playable for only the most hardcore Sonic fans .
 I was n't was I was expecting for this game . Last time I 've played was when I had a segacd .
 This game was worth $ 15 when I bought it . Maybe $ 5.00 would be a fair price.Honestly , I was not able to pass beyond the first beach stage . Why ? It all seemed too monotonous . I almost doze off at the beggining while trying to talk to people performing the `` tutorials '' . I thought it all would get better when the blue hedgehog started running and doing cool stuff . It seems that the makers of the game consider `` dying as many times as it takes for you to become extremely angry and throw the controller at the TV '' as cool stuff . Sure , you can move around , kill monsters , destroy boxes and grab coins . Everything seems good right until you 're required to execute actions similar to those of previous Sonic games . They become , ironically , the bane of the game . Once Sonic starts `` doing his stuff '' , you 'll have to try and keep his direction and push buttons at precise times . If you 're not able to do that , you 'll have to start everything from square one . After doing that for the first time , you get to explore a bit more and then repeat the process again . And again . And again . So you will probably die a lot while learning from trial and error , DURING THE FIRST STAGE . More than anyone would like.There 's also the issue with loading times . Dying a lot and waiting more than you expect after dying is not a good combination.I read in other reviews that the game is bugged . I only suffered from one that made the hedgehog drown on its way to the beach stage . I spent 10 minutes trying to figure out if I was doing something wrong . I do n't know exactly what I did , but I was able to overcome it just to die some more afterwards.Graphically , the game is not bad . That does n't mean it 's awesome though . To me , it looks like a PS2 game.Controls seem somewhat `` loose '' for me , which does n't help the jumping and running at `` high speed '' .
 I do n't know what to say that has n't already been said , except that I concur.The gameplay is extremely boring , especially in the `` town missions '' . You basically run around and interact with people and do stupid little errands . In the regular `` action '' zones , it 's somewhat reminiscent of later-gen Sonic games but the problem here is the camera never helps you . I find myself constantly having to re-adjust my view after even just taking a few steps.Also , there 's little to no consistency or progression with difficulty . Meaning , some of the earlier missions will be really easy and some will take many retries . The same applies to all the later missions.Sonic does go fast in parts but nowhere near the blazing speed we 're used to seeing as Sonic fans . Also , what 's with the alternate character storylines ? Do you really want to play through Shadow and Silver 's missions after completing the Sonic storyline ? Just so you know , they 're even more boring and annoying than Sonic 's . It 's hard to believe Sega actually made this game . After playing through the first half , I remember checking my box to see if it was put out by another company . They have really lost their touch , at least with Sonic . I hope that if they do decide to make another Sonic game , they rethink their whole strategy because this is not a fond memory of the blue hedgehog .
 If you ca n't get enough of frequent and long load times , illogical story lines , frustrating controls , and lame attempts to turn a formerly fun , fanciful game into a hardcore RPG , then lucky you ! You 've found the game of your dreams in Sonic for PS3This game tries too hard in all the wrong areas -- the opening scene is dazzlingly beautiful and intricately detailed , but why exactly is this Final Fantasy-esque sequence pasted on a game about a blue rodent who runs really fast ? -- and does n't give any thought to playability or flow-through . Unless you 're doing your doctorate thesis on how popular game franchises grossly misinterpret the desires of their customers , this game will probably be a waste of your cash .
 first off - Zero Stars ! not even worth one ! terrible!Super slow too many reasons for this game to be recalled and remade ... well if they remake it it needs to be done with the Sonic Adventure 2 game engine ! that was by far the best one ! -LRB- for 3d games at least -RRB- * long load times * horrible game play * sonic is slow * no one likes playing as tails and amy and knuckles and the rest of the gang ! does n't sega get that yet ? at least shadow is cool and sliver was alright * slow * the graphics are horrible * story is n't good * did i mention it 's the slowest of sonic games?oh man when i got this i popped it in and i got pissed off ! it 's horrible ! i have a notebook with three full pages of what can be fixed and how it can easily be fixed.sonic team , hire me to help you make the new sonic game and i promise you that their wo n't be horrible reviews because the game wo n't be terrible
 I was too disappointed with this game . After waiting almost 2 months to pick up my pre-order , I ran it for about 2 hours , but only got in about 45 minutes of playing . The game Loads about 4x as many times as any other game . Every 5 minutes its `` Now Loading '' something else , it loads slow , and often it just goes through the `` Now Loading '' to have a character say something , then loads again for the level ...
 Imagine your child coming up to you in tears because `` Someone shot Sonic ! I was standing there and he died ! And his body was lying on the ground and I do n't know why they shot him ! '' This is what I get for not watching every minute of this horrible game.My daughter and I have played every Sonic game we could get our hands on . Some of them are wonderful , some were pretty awful , but THIS is the one I have to tell you about . In the beginning , I was fascinated by this long , glossy , Final-Fantasy-looking cinematic . But once the gameplay starts , it 's a hideous awful disaster . This Sonic game does n't know if it wants to be a role-playing game or a 3D action game , but both are unbearable
 Why are so many people singing this game 's praises ? I have it for the XBox 360 -LRB- same exact game -RRB- and it 's the worst Sonic game yet . Sure , it looks pretty , but that 's about all it has to offer . The controls are unresponsive and twitchy . Get used to falling off ledges to your death . You 'll do it a lot . This game is riddled with glitchy gameplay . The camera positions itself so you ca n't see where you 're going sometimes , and if you move it , when you move it resets itself . If you get this for your child/boyfriend/husband , all they will experience is frustration . No time went into testing this game and all the funds were spent on visuals rather than programming . This game was literally rushed to market unfinished.Here are some reviews of the XBox 360 vesion , which is more or less the exact same game ... IGN
 This `` game '' was obviously rushed out the door to meet the PS3 market . Unfortunately , the designers rushed by things like testing and usability . Like others noted , the camera angle controls are worthless and you end up not knowing where you are . Controls are useless as they rarely give you any real control . The graphics are nicely done and Sonic is still cool ... too bad they wasted our time with this version . Do n't even rent it . . sorry .
 Amazon , are you serious ? Do I really have to give this one star ? Just got it in the mail today and I am already re-listing it online . Biggest headache ever . Makes no sense . Camera angles seriously suck . Half of the time everything moves so fast and I do n't even know wtf is going on because of the horrible angles . Did I kill all of the enemies ? Oh no , there 's one left to lose the rings to because the camera angle is so bad , you ca n't even see the last enemy . All Sonic does in the water is die , very little control in most scenes , it 's quite ridiculous . Tails will die randomly as well , making you play an episode 6476986535 freaking times before you beat it . In my honest opinion , this is the worst game I have ever come across for any system . Period . Save yourself the headache and do not buy . Read all of the other reviews , and you 'll see I 'm not the only one who thinks this . This is nothing like the Dreamcast version . Oooo wowwww the graphics are sweet ! Who really cares when you ca n't even see where you 're going because of the horrible camera angles . Oh man , and how can anyone forget the constant LOADING ... . The majority of the time spent playing this game , you will wait because of the LOADING screens ... Which may in fact be the best part of the game , sad to say . The game is not user friendly . Even a young child will get bored easily because of how stupid this game is .
 I love sonic , but this is not the one i grew up with . it 's hard and confusing . do not get this game if you are looking for a classic sonic type game
 This was a complete failure , this was ` nt the sonic i new and liked this was a waste of time , the storymode sucked , the 2player was kinda difficult , and i gottan board of this game . This game was trash sega really mest up this opertunity , so this was a whack game .
 This game is not worth spending the money on . The controls are very hard to master and keep a handle on Sonic . The load times verses the actual play time are rediculous . It seems as though the levels are very short and un-eventfull . The angles of camera change often and dont offer the best view most of the time . I was very disappointed in this game and wish I would have rented it before I bought it .
 I have never had a game on any platform with controls this poor . You * will * be frustrated . The camera will completely change viewing angles out of your control . The characters -LRB- especially Tales -RRB- will change direction out of your control . Sega should be ashamed of this game .
 Buried deep underneath the interface , sparse save points , and pathological load times , it looks like there might have been a fun platformer in here . But you 'll never find it . This game is just outright offensive . It 's one of those rare roughs in the diamond that make you wonder if anybody . Ever . Played this . At Sega . Sega is a major company . I ca n't connect that fact with this game . I bought and own this game . It is one of my deeper regrets of the last month . I 'd take it to a resaler and get my $ 5 store credit , but that would just lower the price and raise the risk that some other poor sod is going to actually have to sit through the three hours of excruciating pain it took to fully convince me that this game has absolutely no merit.The opening video is pretty . If you have a good display , and get a copy of the game for free , it might be worth popping the game in to watch that . Immediately after the video finishes , eject the disc , and ask yourself this question for the ages
 Hi , I tried playing this game for few hours . My opinion is that it does not worth the money.One it takes too long to download , second the control of the character is bad and the camera movement is even worst.But worst of all the game play and the story line is awful.Ziv
 Alright , I love Sonic . The entire series has kept me entertained since I was yay-high . * lowers hand to knee length * This game , rather simply , SSSUUUCCCKKKSSSS !!!! This , I am sad to say , WILL be the last Sonic game I buy because as of late Sonic games have been getting worse and worse.The loading is aggravating to say the least.Camera 's should almost ALWAYS be behind the character and be able to toggle to the sides at the player 's discretion.And when you designate a control for a function , maybe , just maybe , that button should control that function . Not let you fall off a cliff innumerable times .
 I played Sonic 's other version and expecting to play a nice platform shot-m-up game , but such a disappointment . I am just glad it was a rent , I did n't paid $ 60 for it . Even if it gets discounted to $ 10 , I will still not buy it .
 Sega has been doing okay with their recent games -LRB- except shadow the hedgehog -RRB- but this game is just a disapointment , running around the city is bland and poorly made , the levels on the other hand look pretty good , the problem is this game is probably buggier than the original Sonic Adventure -LRB- though I did love that game -RRB- and you move slower -LRB- BIG problem in a Sonic game -RRB- , and Shadow and Silver both are basically just thrown in , Shadow runs really weird and Silvers powers do n't really function great , which ends up being annoying . I 've run through the floor , the camera stopped following me , homing attack through big enemies , -LRB- etc -RRB- many many times , the game does n't function well.I really was looking forward to this game , I still play all of my older Sonic games -LRB- Heck I own triples of most of the games -RRB- but this one was just a headache . The videos in Sonics story were beautifully done and looked great , -LRB- though it felt like `` Sonic Fantasy '' and seemed weird -RRB- but really it 's just a game to avoid . The absolute worst thing about this game is it 's slower than any other Sonic game , for a game that is supposed to be about speed , and claims to be faster , this one is a disappointment . I had a bit of fun but sold my copy inside a month .
 Oh my goodness , this is the worst sonic game of all time . The controls are a mess , the game play is broken , and it looks like it was beta that was rushed out . Those who say that this game is good are blind . The only good thing about this game is that is it the perfect example of how to make a bad game . If you want a good sonic game , play sonic generations instead . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 Okay , so we all know Sonic 's games have n't been doing much justice as of late , and this one is no exception . On a whim , I gave in and said I would see for myself just how bad it has gotten . poor controls , missions have little to no fun value and I wo n't even start with how frustratingly long the loading screens are . There is some good to the game though . The cutscenes are well done with stunning visuals and voiceovers . The soundtrack is done well , though not as memorable as some previous Sonic games . The game definitely takes Sonic in a different direction with a vast and interesting storyline with new enemies , Robotnik 's devious schemes and a new collection of playable characters , such as Silver the Hedgehog and Blaze the Cat . Even with this new lineup , the gameplay fails to deliver and further slows down the blue hedgehog 's momentum.Rating
 Long story short , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . It will disappoint in almost every way and is n't worth the trouble . It would take more time than I have to list all the glitches , bugs , and overall problems that litter this game from start to finish . There are many better Sonic games than this , try Sonic Adventure or Sonic Unleashed or Sonic Colors . All offer a much better experience than this game .
 okay i will tell it like this ... if you 're a real sonic fan you will find some fun factors in this game , but i mean some . there are some objective in the game where you need to help civilians and loading time does take long but if you 're a patient and i mean patient you will get through it . . i honestly do n't hate this game cause i actually do play it at times like probably 2 times in a month after i beat the game completly . only reason why cause the running stages are pretty enjoyable . and if you ' r a fan of shadow he 's pretty cool in this game . i never got into silve so much but i love the blaze , what will you hate in this game the battle with silver you need to accomplish like you will hate it when he uses his powers and bangs you on the wall consitently , and you keep picking up your rings you just say to yourself you rather die then hearing silver say ITS NO USE ... and ... TAKE THIS over and over and over again it just does n't end . the princess elis idea and not crying kind of threw me off , i rather wanted the princess to be like an animal like a princess hedgehog from ancient times if you get what i 'm saying although the cutscenes are really really beautifl . the phrases in the action stages sound stupid from time to time . . like he would speed into a cave and say like oh `` i 'm going into the cave '' and in crysis city he would see the fire and say like '' oh that fire is big '' just like the writer who was writing the voice scrypts obviously did a bad job or was lazy , i still remember the sayings in sonic adventure 1 , 2 , heroes , shadow the hedgehog but i will not compare this game to those games its totally a different game . and with glitches theres too many , but if you find amusement in glitches this game wo n't bother you like i found my amusement in this glitches like it made me laugh.so basically i base it off like a 2/5 ratio cause i am a sonic fan but this was really poor work , with limited amount of fun in the game . . but there are some things in the game that will make you enjoy it . so if you can rent it or but it for really cheep like 5-10 bucks than go for it .
 This game is terrible . I am huge Sonic fan and I really wish that Sega would stay closer to the original .
 This game is a big disappointment . Pretty much all the other lower scored reviews cover the problems with this game . Do n't waste your money even renting it , much less buying it .
 Pros
 I was waiting for this game to come out for PS3 . The only positive thing about this game that I can say after playing it for over two weeks is that it states that it supports 720p , but actually shows on my HDTV as 1080i via component connection , which was a nice surprise . The niceties pretty much end there.I would say the quality of this game is ok , but the gameplay is really awful!The motion control is bad , the camera is even worse.When the Sonic is running forward , hits something and loses a life , he ends up stuck , beating his head against a wall for several seconds , or just flies away to never-never land . The worst thing is that if you lose all lives , you have to start over . The save points are far-far-far apart.Don ' t bother with this game unless you are a hard-core Sonic fan , and just want to have this game , period.There are better games out for PS . Resistance . Motorstorm . Ridge Racer 7 . Virtua Fighter .
 This is hands-down the worst game I have ever played . I would much rather play tetris on an original gameboy than the new Sonic on the PS3 . Poor gameplay , quirky camera , lame new characters , lenghty distance between saves , boring levels . Rent it first , you WILL be dissappointed .
 I used to be a huge fan of sonic . I played the genesis games , Sonic CD on my PC , Sonic R , Sonic Adventure , Adventure 2 , I even enjoyed heroes . But at the time of this games release , I did n't have a PS3 or Xbox 360 so I never picked it up . Little did I know how fortunate I was . This game is unplayable . It takes way too long to load , which it does frequently . It is also impossible to control with a terrible camera . And anytime you touch anything the game glitches , often resulting in death . Also , the graphics are downright terrible in certain spots , like Nintendo 64 quality . Do n't buy this game unless youre the biggest sonic fan ever and just need it for display . If you need sonic on the PS3 , but Sonic 's Ultimate Genesis Collection or Sonic Generations . Even download Sonic Adventure over PSN if you must , but avoid this nightmare of a game .
 I remember seeing this game at Gamestop for $ 20 so I thought I would give it a go . I am a huge fan of Sonic and it looked alot like Sonic Adventure 1 & 2 on Sega Genesis . The game looks great thats the only thing that can be said good about the game is that Sonic Team put alot of work into the graphics department . Everything else about the game is just terrible
 i bought this game when it first came out i was waiting for it to come out I was so excitied I thouhgt it was going to be the best sonic game ever to come out.I have been a sonic fan for along time since first sonic game came out . They still have not fixed the camaera angle . The character has the same freaking stages as soon as I turn on the game I play one stage I am tired of playing because all the stages are the same . The character all had the same videos . THE STORY WAS CRAP WAS NOT ALL DEEP LIKE SONIC TEAM , SEGA SAID IT WOULD BE . THEY ARE RUNNING OUT OF IDEAS THEY NEED TO TAKESOME IDEAS FROM THERE FANS . GRAHPHICS WAS NOT TO GOOOD NETHIER SONIC UNLEASHED WAS EVEN WORSE .
 I must agree with many of the other reviewers . I purchased this because I thought it would be fun for a freind and I to play sonic like the good old days . Well , I was horribly shocked to find that this has the great graphics and speed of sonic when it is not loading , and the controls are awful to use here . The camera angle keeps wanting to go straigh above the character when you start to run , making it at times impossible to see where your shooter is that is killing you . It really makes the game difficult to enjoy because you are always stopping and tilting the camera . It is possible to make progress , but there is a steep learning curve . Not recommended for young users because it is so tough to hold your attention haing to stop the action all the time to adjust . I 'm glad I got it at 1/5 original cost . Good luck in gaming , but skip this one even if you really like sonic .
 Do n't waste your time even reading the reviews . This is just plain and simple a horrible game .
 Awful product , as other reviewers have stated . If you want to get funny games for your kids , buySurfs UporRatatouilleinstead .
 The game might not be so bad if you actually had some control over what was going on . Half the time you spent just along for the ride and trying to not crash into something , which would result in instant death of the character . The rest of the time , the camera is moving around such that you ca n't see what 's in front of you and as the camera controls control where the camera is , rather than what it 's looking at , I was always moving the camera in the wrong direction -LRB- I 've seen this particular problem many times before and it is not unique to Sonic , but it is something you should be allowed to select , like reversing the Y-axis on FPS 's -RRB- . My wife and I gave up on this game after becoming frustrated with it . We buy games to have fun , NOT to see how many unique ways our characetr can be killed .
 This is by far the worst Sonic game ever . I thought that Sonic Adventure 2 was starting to lose its entertainment factor since it strayed far from the original games that made Sonic so good . Do n't buy this game at all . It 's a waste of your money . You can rent it to confirm all the issues mentioned in the other reviews . Yes , horrible camera angles , long load times , and boring story really make this game unbearable . SEGA really rushed this game out to make it on time for the 15th anniversary , despite all the bugs and flaws .
 this game is horrible . I 'm not bashing on the ps3 here , because I love my ps3 , but this game is inexcusable . The camera is horrible and the controls are worse ... it 's tedious , annoying to play and ultimately very boring . save your money .
 Bought the game , I met the specs , and then it crashes when I run it . Further investigation shows that it wo n't work on my machine , and there is no patch to support it . Very disappointed !
 I got and was so happy . When i realized it was only for Microsoft Flight Sim 2004 and 2000 I was so pissed ! I am hoping to get a refund or by Microsoft Sim 2004 . I am so disappointed.I should more clearly that it only works for 2000 and 2004 . Not only on the bottom of the game box!Unsatisfied .
 Santa made a mistake bringing this gift . After setting everything up , we quickly realized the poor quality of this track . The cars went too fast to make it more than a few inches before flying off the track . Never made it close to a quarter of the way around the track , even after MANY attempts . Disappointing .
 we have not had a good time with this product . the track never stays together and the cars do not ride on it like it says it will . if i didnt wait too long , i wouldve returned it . i still have all the pieces in the box after numerous attempts to get it to work properly . unfortunately , i would not recommend this product .
 IT WAS BROKEN , WHEN WE OPENED IT TOOK EVERYTHING OUT OF THE PACKAGE AND THREW AWAY THE PACKAGING ON XMAS MORNING SO COULD N'T RETURN IT . THE HAND HELD CONTROLLER WAS WHAT WAS BROKE
 My son is 6 years old and he hated the game . He played it for an hour and decided it was boring and not worth playing anymore .
 My Grandson , age 6 , did n't like the load time , nor the grapics , and the slow loading and game resonse.Beware this game claims to use 120 megabytes of your harddrive ... That is just to load the game . After you play it a couple times -LRB- 5x for my spawn -RRB- it creeps up exponentially ! I removed it when it hit 5,419 MB . That 's 5 gigabytes out of my 13 gig harddrive . Most games average 500 mb -LRB- ie spongebob , harry potter , etc. . I could fit 11 of those games on this computer . The graphics are sickly compared to tying up resources .
 We purchased this game for our children and tried to install this on our computer . Nowhere on the package was there any warning that a DVD reader was mandatory . So we tried to install the game through the CDRom and the system crashed . So we tried it again on the CD writer drive and it crashed again . So we uninstalled the game and guess what ? The entire path to both CDRoms were obliterated and the computer was useless for ANY CD rom game or application - or system restoration ! Even the computer manufacturer -LRB- HP -RRB- could n't fix the problem for me after several hours of attempted repairs . Fortunately there are tech people at my work who were able to restore the system -LRB- two hours later -RRB- so that the computer works the way before the SpyKids 3 Computer Over fiasco.Maybe the game works fine if you have the correct specifications , but we had absolutely no forewarning on this . At least Disney agreed to refund the money -LRB- the retailer wo n't -RRB- , but we are out the shipping , sales tax , and aggravation .
 If the site is telling the truth , Spy Kids 3
 i have been trying to play this game with my four year old , and it is very frustrating . erika moves oh-so-slooooooooooow , it takes forever to get her to walk across a room . then , you must do the activities in order -- if my little girl wants to `` find the kitten '' , she has to start the entire game over to do it . same for `` baking a cake '' , and all the other activities . you ca n't just click on something and do it.all in all , it 's very aggravating .
 As others have noted , the game is fun but can not be completed due to bugs . First is the `` lipmgr.play ... lip synch '' error . Also , Erica is unable to sing and therefore ca n't find the singers . We also called Tech Support and Customer Service numbers provided with the game . They only provide useless prerecorded messages that do not cover the above errors.Do NOT buy this game . Santa got it for my daughter and she is stuck with a half finished game .
 My 4 year old girl absolutely loves to play this game , but she is so frustrated , because every time it hits a specific point in the game - she designs a flag , sings to a man , the man sings back , she tries to give him flowers , and poof - it gives this error -LRB- LipMgr.play - > EzDlgNone has no loaded lip synch data ! -RRB- and closes . I tried to uninstall and reinstall . Then I exchanged it for a new disk . Same exact thing is happening with the new one . I am as frustrated as my daughter . What a disappointment . Do n't waste your money on this game that does n't work !
 My daughters -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- love this game and can mostly handle the quests/puzzles that the princess has to do however , as a parent I think they are a little mundane and I 'm not sure that I would call them educational as there are no academic puzzles at all . However , what really aggravates is that the game has fatal bugs in it that as far as I can tell , can not be worked around except by starting all over again . This happened once at the beginning where the princess got stuck in a state she could n't exit but it did not matter too much then but now that my 3 year old is near the end , -LRB- according to the cheat-sheet -RRB- she has hit another fatal limbo bug - the princess has to go around trying to find some singers ; To locate them , the princess has to sing notes to people she meets and if they reply in the correct way then she gives them some flowers so they will sing at the ball . Well , the little princess has decided to stop singing ! The interface is there , the buttons are there , the people are there and she keeps on telling us to sing notes but when you click on the note places , although the mouse pointer changes , no notes come out ! In addion , we 've come across 2 fatal bugs where if you speak to certain people , or ask the scroll to read out a certain item , you get a cryptic error message about missing elements and the whole program vanishes to the desktop!As far as I can tell there is no `` patch '' available on the web or even any kind of support site for the game , just fluffy advertising pages for the game itself . In addition , reinstalling the game completely did not help . I have the latest hardware and XP home so no there should be no excuses there.Unfortunately , as the game only ever saves the last position , there is no way to return back to a last-known-good point . So , although this game gets 4 strs for fun , it gets 1 star overall because it 's nothing more than a ticking time bomb of disappointment for your kids . Until Vivendi fix it or issue a patch AVOID !!
 I bought this game for my 5 yr old and thought that it was very hard to get to the next level . If you are thinking of buying this for your child , please think twice . The graphics are very nice and the game is in a nice setting . Just to hard to figure out for your typical Barbie lover !
 My daughter went head-over-heels for the `` Barbie in the Princess and the Pauper '' movie , so naturally , she just had to have the game for her computer . The game 's lovely graphics and professional vocals and audio effects do the movie great justice , as the player controls `` Erica , '' completing a variety of missions . The missions are stereotypical kinds of things that little girls go crazy for , such as growing flowers , decorating the castle , baking and decorating cakes , and so forth . There are a few more non-stereotypical missions , too , but they 're in the minority -LRB- which is fine for my daughter , being the `` princess '' that she is -RRB- . Sadly , as with other players , she can not actually finish the game and get to the coronation finale at the end . The same bug that has plagued so many others has hit her copy as well
 As happened to Cliff J on a PC , we 've experienced the singing bug on the Mac OS9 .2 version . After successfully recruiting a singer from the town , the note singing interface stopped working , and no one can be recruited to the choir . Now my daughter is stuck at this level and is very disappointed that she ca n't see Barbie 's coronation !
 I ordered this item for a Christmas gift . It arrived shortly before December 25th . Unfortunately , the website indicated that this game could be played on GameCube . When I got the game , it clearly stated that it would play only on GameBoy Advance . This item is inaccurately reflected on the Amazon website . I ended up returning the game and purchasing it somewhere else .
 it was all scratched on the screen the speakers sound is bad and was very unhappy about this product will not purchase from this buyer again
 Barbie Fashion Show will not work with my graphics card even though my card has 32mb memory , I have directX 9 , far exceed all the system requirements and have all the latest drivers . Vivendi Universal technical support was of no help either . Beware of the system requirements for this game , even then it still may not work .
 Great reinforcement of how a girl or woman should look . Recommend looking at challenging games based on math or science . Expect better from your kids and you just may get it .
 Ever since ` Barbie ' came out -LRB- no , im not an old lady who is nagging on little brat CDs -RRB- the world has changed . GOD FORBID STIRPPER BARBIE FROM COMING OUT , THEY ALREADY GOT THE MIDGE DOLLS -LRB- AKA PRETEEN PREGNANCY BARBIE IN SOME HOUSES , EASILY PUT ON OTHER DOLLS , HEH HEH -RRB- BUT ITS GOING TO HAPPEN ANYWAYS IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS , UNLESS BARBIE GOES OUT OF BUISINESS BECAUSE OF BRATZ -LRB- BRAZ ? -RRB- This world has got to stop . Barbie is the leader and mayor of the Slap Happy Blonde Mental Institution -LRB- SHBM -RRB- and this needs to be stopped . God , if only ` barbie ' -LRB- she does n't deserve cap locks -RRB- would get some real sized boobs and lose the pink , this world might actually have half a chance .
 I could not install this game . There is no technical support . All phone numbers circle around to an automated voice system . Nothing on their website . Calls to the corporate office do not help . There is no help available . I have spent 15 hours trying to install this product . Nothing works . I have 20 years in the computer business . Very Aggravating .
 This game requires DirectX 9.0 and video card that supports 3D and 32mb -LRB- not 16 as stated above -RRB- of video RAM . I 've got a Sony VAIO 2.66 ghz P4 with all the latest drivers and updates . This system tests out as optimal on all sorts of web sites for evaluating your system . However , this game will not run on this system . Unless you 've got a system specifically set up for gaming , I think theres a pretty good chance it wo n't run on your system . Do n't disappoint your little girl with this software . Before buying , install the latest DirectX from the Microsoft website , then go START &#62; Run &#62; dxdiag , then run all the tests . If you do n't pass the Direct3D 9 test , do n't buy it .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old god-daughter , and unfortunatley , it does not work on her computer . We changed the resolution and downloaded the DirectX9 .0 and even have the 32MB memory , yet it still did n't work . Make sure you read the system requirements before you buy the product so you wo n't waste your money on it .
 I am unable to provide a review since the game was so outdated it could not be downloaded and the tech support no longer existed ! The game was useless and was thrown away just like my money . I believe the seller knew the game was outdated and useless . Shame on you ! My child was very upset and disappointed . My lesson ... buyer beware of internet sales !
 I bought this game thinking it would work like all the other Barbie games , but no , I have installed and uninstalled it on my computer three times to no avail . I 'm so mad that I wasted $ 20 on something that wo n't work , even after updating our DirectX from microsoft.com . I wish I could tell you how the game was ... if it even worked ...
 My daughter greatly enjoys the game but this software has steep requirements compared to other Barbie titles . The required 32MB of video memory is no exaggeration . Even if you get the software to install and run without meeting the requirements , you will run into miscellaneous problems during the game , including invisible or missing icons and illegal operations . Even new computers are susceptible to the problems because some use an onboard video with only 4-16MB of shared memory . I did not see any demos or an eval version for this title , but that is usually your best bet before purchasing any software -LRB- especially if your daughter will use her own money -RRB- . I have been putting together PC 's for over 15 years , even before VGA was the standard , and worked in the industry for over a decade as an engineer and developer . Unless you can troubleshoot and fix DirectX issues , please listen to me when I say that you should first verify if your computer meets this game 's minimum requirements.Victor T.MCDBA , MCSE+I , CCNA , CCDA , CET
 My daughter received this present from Santa and we can not get it to work on either of our computers . One computer runs off of Windows XP and the other Windows 98 . In calling the tech . support from Vivendi , they mentioned that they never tested this game on laptop computers . I tried this on my desk top and it still did n't work ! Would love to know what kind of computers people have that this game actually works !
 Buyer Beware
 I always knew something was wrong with Mattel websites since I was about 9 , my computer sent warnings that the websites were infested with Spyware . Now that I 'm older , I understand this . -LSB- ... -RSB- '' ... When I got home I did some more research and found that the DSSAgent program was running on every computer in my house . A quick search on the Web the next day revealed that Brderbund is owned by Mattel Interactive , so I called up the company 's public relations group and asked why its software had installed this program on my computer Why was it there , and what did it do?According to Debbie Galdin , a spokeswoman for Mattel Interactive , DSSAgent is part of a service that Mattel calls `` Brodcast . '' Says Galdin
 This game has to be one of the worst games I have ever played . The controls are wonky . You can go to the car door and press the action button and nothing happens . The car chases are pretty bad , too . You could be close to catching up to a car only to have it disappear . Or you could be far from a car and it reappears . The out-of-car experience is just as bad . You could be coming towards an enemy and he will just stay put like he does n't see you . Overall , this game is pretty bad . It feels like they rushed up to put this out . If you want to play a decent Driver game , you should try Driver
 I bought this game expecting to be amazed at how cool the graphics looked ... . I was impressed ! ... . At the graphics . The gameplay , on the other hand , sucks . Driver on gbc was way more entertaining than this garbage.The good ; * Graphics are way ahead of gameboy standers.The Bad ; * The cops sit there and smile at you while you run over the civilions of miami . * You drive like you 're drunk . * You ca n't shoot from your car or even at certain angles.The Ugly ; * This game had potential to be a great game , but it was garbage because they did n't make it as smooth as it should of been.Don ' t buy this game . I find it so funny how people who do n't even own the game come on here and say that it 's such a great game . I bought this game along with Metal Slug Advanced and Wolfenstein 3-D . I can promise you that I will not be playing `` DRIV3R '' any time soon . Not to mention , I 'm gon na buy Doom 1 & 2 soon , so this game is gon na be gathering dust for the next 10 years on my shelf . Do n't buy it .
 This game is so bad that I had to put my two cents on it . The controls are so bad that I found myself ready to throw my Game Boy Advance down . It was frustrating . Couple that with the trial-and-error design of this game and I was left a frustrated man . The other review I notice is supposedly from a child . Is n't this game rated `` M '' ? This game also has the worst computer controlled A.I. . You can drive right past the police cars . I have played other games that this game seems to be trying to compete with like Grand Theft Auto and this game is a laugher compared to those .
 This game is amazing ! I 'm a huge fan of the Fable series -LRB- except the new stuff , III was disappointing and Heros and The Journey are Microsoft ruining a good thing -RRB- . HOWEVER !!!! It 's important that you should know that it is a known issue with Microsoft that many copies of Fable
 Although this game as reviewed by others might be fun please know that there is NO SUPPORT . The game has a lot of loading and saving problems and there are a lot of people that can not play it on their computers . All of the sites for this game say that eventually they will come up with a patch to fix their serious problems but that has not happened yet . You may be buying a game that you can not play . Their only advice is to play something else until , or if , they get these issues resolved .
 I had high expectations for Fable but was very disappointed . What was touted as the `` Final Fantasy-killer '' back in 2002 turned out to be very lame in most respects.Story-The story has a few interesting elements that get quickly devoured by mediocrity . Do n't expect to attached to the cast as the character development is limited.Graphics & Music-The graphics and music are the two best things the game has going for it . The score is great ; it 's a pity that there are n't any great characters for the music to highlight . The graphics are nice too but the world of Fable is divided into tiny levels the size of a Nintendo 64 game . Speaking of the levels...Gameplay-Combat is too slow and choppy for an action-RPG . Imagine Kingdom Hearts but a lot slower and with much less variety . And smaller levels . For me , Fable 's biggest problem is its level design . The entire game is a sequence of tiny paths honeycombed together into dungeons , towns , etc. . You could argue that many RPGs are like that but Fable lacks any illusion of freedom . Mentally , I just could n't immerse myself into the gameworld . Forests amount to paths in-between chunks of tree-walls . I guess I 've been ruined by Morrowind -LRB- and more recently , World of Warcraft -RRB- , as I now demand a very wide-open gameworld in an RPG . The fact that this was developed for the Xbox , a console with severe memory limitations compared to a PC , is not a good excuse , as Final Fantasy XII , a PS2 game , feels HUGE compared to Fable . Fable also feels too flat . Where are the huge towers , deep labyrinths and giant mountains found in games going all the way back to Zelda
 This game looks alright , the graphics are nothing special but not terrible either . The interface is unoriginal , easy enough to adjust but fairly limited . The story is very linear and very simple , even the alternate morality is weak , far too simple for some of the more , mature tidbits scattered through the game . There is combat but nothing particularly challenging in that venue . It seems to have something for the violent player and the complex role player , but not really enough for either.The biggest problem , there seem to be a lot of fairly serious bugs and there does not seem to be any intention to patch them any time soon . Considering the very limited save options , these crashes can cost a lot of time as you replay fairly long periods with numerous cut scenes only to have a bad pointer hang up your entire machine at the same final boss as it did last time.A comparison can be made to Morrowind , considering the corporate design this may be a valid comparison though the games themselves are highly dissimilar they have some of the same technical problems . Though Morrowind suffered mostly from sheer size , this game boasts no such excuse , it is a very small and limited game with few options and few degrees of freedom . Perhaps a future Xbox version will be more polished , after all , Morrowind was almost stable when it finally got to Xbox , as long as you did not get wrapped up in any of the expansion packs . Then again , another Xbox Fable might wind up with a few add-ons that undo any potential polishing.There has to be a more efficient way than this to ruin your computer .
 Do n't be fooled - Fable
 The game runs great , unless it decides to randomly crash to desktop . Furthermore , the inability to save when ever you want combined with the random crashes makes the game difficult to penetrate . Inquiries to microsoft about tech support results in their suggestion that you reinstall windows . Even though every other piece of software runs fine and the only problem is with Fable . Save your money .
 Even though I made sure my computer met all the system requirements before opening the game , I could not get it to run for more than 15 minutes . I ended up playing the same scene over and over again -LRB- the majority of which was cutscenes -RRB- because I could n't save . After numerous crashes , I gave up .
 I gave it one star because there was no way to give it less.This game when played on the X Box was great . So when it came out for PC I bought it . BIG MISTAKE ! The control are too hard to learn . And when you are in a battle you ca n't stop to think which keys when used together work . There are too many keys that you need to push together to do even the simplest thing.I wasted my money on this game . I deleted it and will never play it . Do n't waste your money !
 This game is a waste of money . Almost any new pc games are a waste ! You have to have a fantastic hight tech computer to play this dumb game . I got my computer a year ago and this game still dident work . What a joke computer games are today ! I suggest getting knights of the old republic 1 or 2 or age of empires 2 or 3 .
 We bought a used x-box and were able to play all types of games on it . When we tried to load this game -LRB- also used -RRB- on there , the only thing it did was replay the loading screen over and over again . In so thinking that it was the used game , we went out and BOUGHT a brand new one from a different store , hoping to return the old one . This , however , turned out to not be the case . The new one did the same thing as the old one and when we tried to return it , we were told that they would trade it for the same game . We already had two defective games , why would we want a third ? When I called Microsoft for a refund , they told me that I would have to talk to the retailer . Alotta good that does me since that 's where I had just come from . Overall , do n't get this game , it certainly is n't worth the hassle to try to get it to work .
 Product key is invalid . Spent an hour on the phone with Microsoft with no results and was disconnected . I will try emailing next .
 Fable
 Even though this game has a key , all keys have been discontinued by the game company . This makes the game unloadable .
 Hello , I bought FABLE FOR WINDOWS XP on november 2011 , I just got it in february 2012 because my sister in law brought it from the US to Colombia where I live . I tried to work it on my PC but the PRODUCT KEY did n't run . I tried it several times and could n't make it work . I called Microsoft and they told me since I bought it over Amazon.com you should give me a reponse on the game failing.Can you please help me and tell me what to do next . I appreciate your help and prompt response .
 I was really disappointed by Fable
 When I bought my new PC , I made explicitly sure that it met or exceeded the recommended specs , including making sure I had a compatible nVidia card . I also made sure I had XP Pro as most of the error reports I had found revolved around Vista.The first day I had it home , it worked ! I played several times through the day , sometimes after a cold boot , sometimes after no reboot . However , at the end of the day , it just stopped working . This is the only application that has been installed on this machine . Now , upon starting the game , the entire system freezes . This is even with a bare boot with no extraneous services or applications running . When it first worked , I made sure to create a restore point in case things went bad . Going back to that restore point has had no effect . I 'm starting to wonder if there was actual hardware damage to my nVidia card done by the game.The bottom line is that nVidia , LionHead , and Microsoft have no answers . There are no patches , there are no updates . There is a meager troubleshooting guide that seems to do no good for the vast majority . Nobody is supporting this product without you first purchasing a support plan at a cost that 's multiple times the cost of the game.Some people have had luck switching to Radeon cards , maybe it 's a problem with nVidia and this game together . I do n't know , nobody knows for certain . Save yourself the trouble and find a different game . Otherwise you 're rolling the dice .
 This is a terrible game . I got mine for PC . It would be a great game if the save and load options were n't so messed up . I do n't know who thought of this technique but it sucks!You save your game to save your progress but somehow , when you go to load that game , it autosaves the game before it loads the saved game and you 're in a much earlier part of the game than when you saved it . Autosaves are not abled to be disabled so you have to deal with it and waste a lot of time doing things over and over and over again . It 's frustrating to the point where it 's not fun to play anymore . I hate having to do something I 've already did over and over again . It 's a big waste of time and they should really make a patch for the terrible autosaves , saves and loads . It totally ruins the game.Also , when I got the game , it had no product key so I had to call microsoft to get one . Then I had trouble getting the stupid game to install . It took the game an hour and a half to install . I have a powerful gaming computer and have no problems with installing other games but this one kept freezing while stalling.I finally get it installed but as written above , I 've wasted a lot of time , thinking I had saved a game up to a point , only to load it and find , it did n't save because the automatic autosave somehow messed my save up . And when you depend on the autosave and load the last one , it suddenly does n't load the last time you remember it autosaving . I 'm totally baffled by this.Also , the voice over is so annoying . When you get low in life , a voice keeps nagging the heck out of you , telling you that your health is low . Yes ! I heard you the first time , thank you . Also , it keeps repeating that there 's a new quest for you and wo n't leave you alone . And you have to go all the way back to the guild building to receive the quest . It 's not like you conveniently get them as you 're progressing through the game at the place you 're at . So the voice over just keeps repeating over and over again that the guy has a new quest for you . And sometimes you take the time to go all the way back and you ask for the quest but there 's no new ones there . But the voice over was way too annoying , I had to turn off the sound it became so distracting.You also have to get these little green orbs when you kill something to get experience points and it 's a real pain trying to fight 8 different people and collect orbs at the same time . You can `` shift '' them to make them come to you but it 's kind of hard to do while you 're trying to fight 5 other enemies who are trying to kill you.I do n't get the good versus evil thing , either . I kept getting evil points and I could n't understand why.The combat system is a little confusing , as are the controls . Most normal games allow you to click or space an action like opening a door or talking to someone , well , all other games so far have used that method . With this game you need to use the tab key and you use the space bar to zero in on an enemy you 're going to attack . The controls are poor for pc use . I did n't like them . If I decide to play again , I do have the option of changing the command keys so I 'll try that to see if it gets any better.I would n't recommend this game . A lot of others seem to be praising it but I 've played a lot of games and I am pretty easy going with things but this game was too poorly made to really enjoy . Especially the saves.The graphics were okay but rather child like .
 I purchased this for my son , age 20 . It does not play well on his laptop , as was advertised . Many parts are either missing or skip . I 'd be interested to know if others experienced the same thing .
 Suckiest pile of suck controls and/or bugs I 've run across in a game . -LRB- imagined -RRB- snippets from a developer explaining the controls to a -LRB- probably equally imaginary -RRB- tester : You want to target an enemy ? Hit space . Oh , there was a friendly between you and the bad guy beating on him ? Well , any friendly in combat is automatically an enemy , even if it 's your escort quest mob , right?You have three followers you want to have stay out of combat range ? Well , you need to target each of them individually so you can give each one his very own wait command as stuff runs towards you . And yes , of course they should cower because you did n't sheath your weapon in the middle of a combat zone while you did so.Target the spellcaster knocking your combat multiplier and health bar down you from across the room ? Why would you want to do that ? It 's so much neater to kill the melee riff raff between you first!Yes , even someone specializing in will should be forced to equip the bow to target something at range , because you * need * that bow to aim a fireball ! And of course switching weapons should drop target . It 's not like you can still see them the whole time , is it?Why would you want to be able to see what you 're shooting arrows at ? You can just guess where it is , first person view is overrated!Sidle ? What 's that ? No , no , no , why would you want to move sideways when you have something targeted ? You want to move * towards * stuff you 're aiming at , always , even though there 's a tree/box/house / whatever in the way!There may be a worthwhile game under here , but I gave up a few quests in because the controls are so bad . Maybe the Xbox version is better , I 'd give that one a shot .
 I bought this game expecting to be able to have more flexibility than I 'd ever had before . Now , I just wonder where I got those expectations . Your character ? You have to be male and human , and while you can get haircuts and tattoos , gain weight , and , of course , age , that is the full extent of your ability to customize him . He always starts out as a dark-haired , blue eyed , pale little boy ... and stays pretty close to that . Though you can get married , do n't expect much from that ; you wo n't get the level of character interaction you would get out of the Sims , much less the kind of romance offered in RPGs like Baldur 's Gate . Gameplay ? You hack/slash/cast / shoot your way through a linear plot and , if you so choose , a handful of side quests . Hardly an embarassment of choices there . It 's acceptable for a shooter ... but I did n't buy a shooter . As for the moral choices ? The clothes my character wore had more effect on his `` attractiveness/scariness '' than his moral choices . Besides , most of the choices are simply shallow
 I wish I had listened to the people who said this game was buggy . It played OK the first few days , but the longer I play it , the worse my problems are getting . My two-year-old Dell computer exceeds the minimum system requirements . One thing I do n't like about the game play is that some sequences take an hour to complete and you ca n't save in the middle . Now that the game crashes during saves , I probably will not be able to finish it . I tried reloading the game , but it did n't fix anything .
 I tried playing this game . But if you ca n't win the horse race in the beginning your stuck and will never be able to play the game or find out what the story is . This is really stupid . All their trying to do is show you how to ride your horse . But then they say you have to win an impossible horse race in order to play any further into the game . This really kills the game and makes it absolutely useless . I 'm selling it back to Gamestop and and spending my time playing games that were meant to be fun . I do n't know that was going on in the minds of this game developer .
 The Gun seems to be one of those games that receives either all high reviews from some people and all bad reviews from the others . And once you play it , you understand why . The game itself is n't a mindless shooter like `` Serious Sam '' but feels more like `` Grand Theft Auto '' in the mid-west when `` law '' was something people only read in the books . Ahh well , who am I kidding !? They did n't read books there.The game is set in a relatively free roaming world in the wild west where the job of a main character varies from simply surviving an ecnounter with a crazy drunk with a gun to bringing down one of the most wanted enemies . There are plenty of missions to do of a few types , but they all mostly evolve around shooting or running/riding ... much like `` GTA '' if you think about it.The idea of the game seems relatively fresh -LRB- at least setting wise -RRB- and there are certainly some good points about the game . Riding a horse for many missions certainly is a highlight of the game . But there is a reason why -LSB- in my opinion -RSB- this game only gets 2 stars.To begin with , the graphics in this can at most be considered mediocre , and at worst ... well simply poor . While environments seem pretty interesting and well enough made , the character models are some of the worst you will see in the current Xbox 360 games . Quite frankly the quality of the character models seems of a good Dreamcast game , or a poor PS2 game . Which leads to the next point - why pay extra ten dollars for the game that looks and plays pretty much identical to regular xbox and very close to PS2 versions ? Some may say it 's worth it for a HDTV support , but -LSB- in my opinion -RSB- this is pretty foolish . Even 1080i will not give you much joy if the characters up close look like they were rigged by a high school student messing around with 3D Studio Max.The animation is also very poorly done . Not only there is a huge lack good looking effects , but when a shooting breaks out , it seems like the enemies steps and moves do n't even match what 's going on the screen . -LRB- If you thought sliding feet against the floor was bad , wait until you see these NPCs ' moves -RRB- But graphics are n't the most important part in the game right ? Right ! But the biggest offender in this game is not poor looking graphics but rather poorly designed controls . From the very start a player is taught the basic controls with small hunting missions -LRB- which I must admit , are very well blended into the storyline -RRB- . But soon it becomes quite clear that shooting and aiming is rather frustrating than fun . And although GUN uses similar idea of `` Bullet Time '' from Max Payne game for a `` Quick Draw '' -LRB- slow motion shooting -RRB- it is poorly executed . Left analog stick cycles the targets that are near your view but adjusting the view is nearly impossible manually in that mode beaceuse camera barely moves . Which leads you to constantly switching from `` Quick Draw '' to adjust the camera.Although the storyline is certainly there and it blends quite well into the game overall , dealing with some individual missions is just tedious . Anytime you are attacked by the NPCs , you can count on dozens of them coming out wave by wave for a shootout . They die from one or two shots usually and do n't possess too much danger if you get used to controls , but after a while you just start to wonder , when the wave of mindless enemies will be over already !? Some enemies can pack a punch , espcially bosses , but at the same time , you can heal instantly by drinking out of the bottle right there in combat . Silly ? Yes . Majority of my mission failures were caused either by not knowing what to do , mostly due to poorly provided objectives , or simply by messing up because of horrible aiming and shooting controls.At the end , unless you always wanted to play a step down version of Grand Theft Auto but set in the wild west , stay clear of this game . You will do yourself a huge favor if you still decide to check it out if you rent the game first . And even if it happens that you like it , save yourself some money and buy an Xbox or a PS2 version instead -LRB- if you have either of those two consoles -RRB- .
 sorry im not even gon na review this because i just hated it ... i give it :1.5 / 10
 This game is awful . The gameplay sucks and its just plain boring . I really expected a much better game . Big waste of money . I suggest you try it before you buy it if you can .
 I bought this game for my son and the game does not work . I cleaned our xbox and it still does not work . I am not happy !
 If your wanting to track your individual score , then this application is the one ; however , if you want to keep multiple players then buy some other application . You have to enter each stroke into this application as opposed to just entering the number of strokes for the hole . Since I have received the application , I have requested two courses that were not downloadable on the web site . It has been over three weeks , and they still have n't published the courses . I did play one course that I could download and the user interface was really good . I really like the distance from the hole , and tracking my shots ; however , their are times where I would n't like to input all this information for each hole and if I want to keep a whole round of golf , you have to enter every stroke you hit . If you play par or Birdie Golf then that 's great , but if your a Par/Bogie / + player , it kind of gets annoying . If you want a scorecard for other players , this application will keep you busy all through the round entering everyones shots , and not allow for much time to enjoy the game . Plus you usually do n't want to track other players stats , just yours , but I would like a calculated scorecard for all players . I wished I would have purchased the other application I reviewed . If they had a demo version of the application , I would n't have purchased this one .
 Buyer beware . I purchased this last month and was having fun with it until the folks at Mapwits began charging for course downloads . Reviews I read here indicate that over 4000 course maps are available for free -- not true . I emailed them and received some gobbedlygook about focus group recommendations to charge , etc. . Seems like their whole pricing structure is changing .
 ... The Golfwits website was recently changed . I purchased July 24 , 2003 and the website then lead you to believe if you purchase the PRO package you had unlimited access to course map downloads . Well now you do n't . You only get three ! If your home course is like mine it has three nine hole courses which are the equivalent of three 18 hole courses . Well I play more golf and at more couses than just my home couorse . And I believe anyone who is looking for this type of software probably does too . So if you do n't mind the additional $ $ money for the course maps that this software will not work without then go ahead and purchase . It works great ! ...
 This product has potential , but not even the best of breed is worth buying if the support is not there . And that is certainly the case with this company . During my evaluation , I had to send my first email three times , and my second email just never got a reply . Forget it ! The product also lacks basic data capture on courses and players too.If you want the absolute best product for collecting and analysing golfing statistics , and you really do n't need the PDA/graphics , then try GStatPro from MagaDraw - excellent design , extremely comprehensive and intuitive , and a mere $ 25
 Purchased the software for 129 . .0 full blown price . The manual is weak , had to spend a lot of time just expermenting , trying to get the software to do what the manual said it should do.You can not edit a shot you have to delete then add new ... that is an edit.When you want to set the type of shot
 There is no way to download courses for this product now , I paid for multiple course downloads and now the site is defunct and I only got half the course I paid for .
 The product is not working . I sent numereous emails to support without success . The website loads whenever . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.Used on Treo 650
 This is a terrific tool but some of the course maps had outdated information . For example , Phantom Horse Golf Course was remodeled 2 years ago but the information in Pro 2.0 still reflects the old layout .
 I initially wanted to purchase the software for my palm . At $ 40-50 it 's a little more expensive , but the way they analyze seems worth it . Til I saw the real costs , the maps are not free ! They costs $ 10 each , and if not made already , $ 20 each . One map can cost more than some of the other golf softwares out there . They do have Mapwits software , which with some effort on your part create your own maps , but it 's only available when you buy the pro bundle , $ 90 . If creating your own maps is a bit much then the costs can be very high -LRB- pda software $ 50 then adding approximately 12 maps , as much as $ 90-180 more , totaling over $ 200 -RRB- . To be fair they do have a lot of maps . They also have a free download version , but you ca n't test it without buying maps , so `` free '' is not free ! I 'm not rich nor lazy , so I 'll reconsider them when Mapwits is included with the softwares or available for PC and inexpensive .
 I 've tried to use GolfWits a few times and I 've found it hard to use when trying to keep scores and statistics for more than me . While the maps are nice , they are somewhat cumbersome to use as you need to click on the exact point where your ball landed . This is n't very accurate on handheld screens as they are relatively small . I would pass on this application for now .
 Will not work on my computer . No help from designer . Waste of money .
 The content of the program is good - a lot of good games - easy enough to use . HOWEVER , the software has some bugs in it . The proper number of cards is not always dealt correctly to the players . The biggest problem is in the game of Spades . Consequently the game being played can not be completed . I have used the repair function but it has not solved the problem
 I have owned Hoyle card games for years and I have always enjoyed them , but I have never had so many technical issues before , especially on the Cribbage game and then also on Hearts . -LRB- I saw one reviewer has had problems on Spades , but this has always worked for me . -RRB- Customer Support is of no help . They told me my system was too old -LRB- although it did have the minimum system requirements -RRB- . When I got my new computer , it stil did n't work . I am so waiting for the new version to come out and hoping that the bugs will have been worked out !
 Looking for beginers bridge on a disk , I have not tried the product yet . I want to know if it includes the game o bridge
 Unfortunately , I was unable to load this cd on my desktop system because it informed me that the cd was for hand held devices . I really would like to purchase a hoyle cd like this one that I could load on my desktop computer . Any suggestions?Thank you , Lavern Rice
 I bought this game package so I would be able to improve my Bridge skills and I very disappointed . The bids -LRB- opening and responding -RRB- made no sense at all -- even for a novice . An example -- an opening bid of 2 NT with 10 points and a six card suit.I would like to give the package a rating of minus 5 stars but that is not allowed . Net -- I would not buy this package again .
 I travel a great deal , so I purchased this product to use while I 'm sitting in airports and hotel rooms . My issue was that I do n't travel with a CD player , so I could n't load the disc as the program starts . When I called their technical support , they told me that -LRB- a -RRB- that copy protection ca n't be circumvented and -LRB- b -RRB- laptop and tablet devices are not supported by their product.To quote from their support site at
 There are several programming errors . As an example it does n't savethe settings consistently so you will have to constantly reset it to your preferences . The game play is below average and there are not enough game specific options . For a simple card game program that Hoyle has updated for many years , it falls short in quality . I expected a much more refined product . My suggestion is to look elsewhere .
 I was sorely disappointed by this game . One star is really too much for the game , but it 's the lowest I 'm allowed to give . I purchased it primarily to play double-deck pinochle , but I thought some other games might be fun , too.I do n't consider myself to be a master of cards , but the gameplay is so poor that it 's almost unplayable . Your partner has no idea how to recognize a meld bid . For some mysterious reason , your partner begins bidding you up by fives -LRB- or fifties , since Hoyle multiplies all scores by ten for some reason -RRB- when it is just the two of you bidding . Leadbacks during play are pointless.I used to have a pinochle game in which I could change the settings
 The games we bought this for are Hearts , Spades , and Rummy . The first two have opponents / partners who play very poorly - we 're amazed in Spades how your partner cuts you as much as your opponents and they ca n't play nil hands !! In Rummy the oppoenent ALWAYS gets three Kings - never lay one down.The worst part of the game is the mouse buttons . You can not change them and they 're backwards ! Also you have to drag the cards to lay out -LRB- in Rummy -RRB- , not quick way to do so , and if you dont place them exactly where the box is they return to your hand.Overall very frustrating and mildly entertaining . With a little more effort and a programmer / designer who had actually played the games this could have been good .
 Most of the people involved with programing this game seem to have been dedicated to making it as irritating , unenjoyable and predictable as possible . Solitaire seems to consist of anly a few variations ; only the values of the cards dealt change . After a while you come to know which game you 'll win . In poker the players do really clever things like check with a straight and raise with high card .
 I 've done some statistical studies on the various games and some of the games in the collection are programmed to cheat . The backgammon and battleship are especially bad . In backgammon , if the computer goes first , it wins 80 % of the time . If you go first -LRB- and know what you are doing , you will win 65 % of the time -RRB- . 75 % of the time the computer wins the initial toss.If the computer hits you in battleship on one of its first two shots , it wins 80 % of the time.The chess has several rule error flaws with the 3x draw -LRB- if the computer makes 3 moves the same , it forces a draw - the rule is if BOTH sides make 3 moves in a row it 's a draw -RRB- . The checkers game will not jump unless it gets two jumps -LRB- or there 's nothing left to do but a jump -RRB- It is a shame , because the game has a collection of excellent board games , the graphics are very good , the characters `` trash talk '' can be amusing from time to time -LRB- and you can turn it off - Rhett is especially funny ! -RRB-
 The Maximum Pool game does not work if you have any game controllers . It locks up when you start it and you will have to use Task Manager to shut it down . This is a known bug in the program , and there is no patch available for this version . The patches for other versions will not work for `` Puzzle and Board Games '' , I 've tried ! A quick search will give a lot of information on this problem . If you do not mind turning off your computer , unplugging your joystick and game controllers every time you want to play pool , then rebooting , the pool game WILL work . You have to shut down your computer to reinstall any game controllers needed for other games . I 'm not going to put all this stress on my new computer and USB ports just to play a game .
 My 3yr old daughter loves the movie Brother Bear , so I bought the game . It is definitely geared more towards older children age 5 and up . Another drawback is the fact that you have to use the keyboard to maneuver the characters instead of the mouse . Obviously it is very difficult for a 3 year old to understand to push the space bar to jump , the contol button to move sideways , and the directional buttons to move , etc. . Also , the game became stuck with 30 minutes of playing with her . I uninstalled the game and then reinstalled it and it got stuck again in the same place .
 I purchased this one because it specifically said that it was supported by the Windows 2000 platform . It is NOT ! When you select the Systems Requirements , it does not list Windows 2000 but I took the platform listing as valid.Now , I have purchased software that will not work and had to watch my girls ' faces when their daddy -LRB- a network engineer -RRB- could not make it work .
 I bought the game and played it once or twice ... I did not enjoy it at all . However , I am also not a first person shooter gamer . I gave this game away since buying it because it was just collecting dust on my shelves .
 Shiny Games dropped the ball with Enter the Matrix back in 2003 . They rushed their product to meet the release date of Matrix Reloaded , and the flaws were evident in a game riddled with bugs and an awful design . Somehow the game still sold millions of copies and drove Shiny to create another Matrix video game . Sadly , Matrix
 This game wants to combine three really fun gaming aspects
 I 'll try to explain everything that was wrong with this game . First off , when you are watching in game cinematic 's there will be horribly long and akward pauses . At first I was n't sure if I was supposed to press a button or what , but I soon realized that it was just bad editing . Second , when you are in hand-to-hand combat -LRB- meele -RRB- mode , and want to switch to running to some door somewhere in the level , Neo will walk with his gaurd up at about half the speed . Third , I could swear that all it ever gave me was the `` Y+B '' ... `` B '' ... '' \ / Y '' Combo . Fourth , I can not even begin to critique the camera angles in this game , geesh ... Well , I guess if you enjoy fighting giant ants with a torch and hitting the `` Y '' button about ten-thousand times , this is the game for you.PS
 how can anyone say that this game is the game of the year ??? for sure they havent play resident evil 4 . this game is very very bad , the camera is imposible the graphics could be much much better and the controls are just horrible DONT BUT THIS GAME rent it first if you want to play the game of the year buy resident evil 4 . RENT IT FIRST .
 This game may be fun at first but after a while , it is not fun . There is like 2 fun things , blowing heads off , and making these dudes chase after you . The game is really easy .
 I am going to be lenient by giving this product two stars only because it looks decent . Functionally , however , it deserves a negative -LRB- - -RRB- 7 . The case is poorly contructed , what kind of company uses a METAL internal latch , which SCRATCHED my psp . It was n't a light scratch , it is deep enough to the point where you can feel it if you run your fingernail over the scratch . I would never buy this case again , even if it was 1 dollar . I 'm returning the product and I am most likely going to lose most of my refund money from the shipping costs , but that 's fine with me because this product is really horrible . I am never going to buy a Nyko product again .
 I have tried to like this game , but I ca n't . Godzilla Unleashed by Atari looked good to me , but I guess you ca n't judge a disc by its case . Not only is the premise of the game play uninspiring , but it just is n't well suited to the Wii.The main modes of play are to follow the storyline or to fight monster-a-monster with your friends . In the first case , one can play as any of a number of different well-known super-beasts of Godzilla lore -LRB- as well as a number I had never heard of before -RRB- in various cities around the world . The point seems to be to defeat other monsters , the cities themselves , and these ridiculous crystals . That 's right
 I never did get this game from you guys and after about 2 months i forgot about it . until now is there something i could do or is it to late ?
 I 'm not particularly a fan of the Godzilla films . I did watch the 1998 Godzilla movie and enjoyed it . I was expecting some similarities in this game , but I could n't find any.I played story mode as I thought it 'd be a good opportunity to learn the controls . Getting started , it was difficult to figure out what the objectives were -LRB- asides from smashing the other monster -RRB- . After a couple hours struggling to get Godzilla to execute the moves , I simply gave up . It was unresponsive , as many other reviewers have indicated.I believe the best aspect of the game is the multiplayer brawl that you can play . The brawl-mode reminded me of Wii Sports-Boxing . This game just did n't cut it for me , and will likely end up as a gift to my cousins .
 I lasted a total of maybe 5 hours before I had the base game beat . I then let my daughter have her fun with it , and she lost interest after not even an hour . Since then , it has been collecting dust in our library . Although it is somewhat fun for a while , this game should 've been released with a 19.99 price tag .
 if you absolutely have to own this game , wait for it to hit the bargain bins . it looks like it should be fun , but the controls are really confusing . the levels end abruptly and there is n't a lot of incentive to unlock stuff .
 We love our Wii , but we were really disappointed with this game , the worse Wii game I 've seen . The graphics , the sound , the game play are like that of something from a decade ago . It 's a loud , boring headache .
 Being a kaiju fan has become a tad frustrating in today 's world . The idea of a giant monster brawler using recognizable , revered icons is an excellent idea that would seem easy to implement . With Godzilla , the undisputed king of the kaiju genre , the whole process of creating a fun game should be relatively easy ... but in this game , the monster somehow manages to fall flat on its back.Simply put , the game seems shoddy . It feels as if the developers did n't take enough time or effort in developing it , ESPECIALLY not towards the demanding hardware standards of the Nintendo Wii . In fairness , we recognize that the control scheme for the console is relatively a unique one that most developers are struggling to understand ; many development teams seem to be putting most of their efforts on making the game playable and adaptive to the control scheme of the Wii 's motion sensing controller . While there may be a few stumbles here and there , we can at least acknowledge that the game plays moderately well.Technically , many elements are passable . The graphics , while not in line to win any awards , were decent enough . Same goes for the sound . And of course , the game benefits from the star power of Godzilla and the diverse characters within the Toho universe . The story mode follows the classic elements of a Godzilla movie , bringing with it the loveable cheesiness of American dubbing . The roster list of monsters available for one to choose from is diverse and impressive , although most of them feel too similiar.Unfortunately , the team behind Godzilla Unleashed for the Wii fails to showcase this effort . It feels as if the entire game was , quite literally , copied and pasted from its PS2 incarnation and then loosely adopted for the Wiimote . At its best , the control scheme is easy and repetitive ; at its worst , it is clunky , laggy , unresponsive , and down right antagonizing . For example , the camera proves to be one of the game 's most formidable opponents . There is absolutely no way to move it around manually ! The game automatically locks you onto your nearest opponent , making multi-monster brawls difficult to focus in . Such a control scheme and camera control prove to be the Achilles Heel that prevents this game from being enjoyable.Had the control scheme been given more care , had the developers actually taken time to give each monster their own unique feel -LRB- every monster seems to have the same move set , with mere appearences and minor tweaks in speed noticable between most of them -RRB- , and had more time been devoted to bug fixes , then this could have been a fun game.Overall , this feels like too much of a rushed cash-in on the Toho license . Crucially , the most important feature - the game play - fails to deliver . In fact , one suspects that if it was a game that did not feature Godzilla characters , it would most likely be pulled off of store shelves and thrown away into the realm of the forgotten . Therefore , I do not recommend this to even the most hardcore of Kaiju fans , let alone any one else ; I suggest that fans of Godzilla wait until another , better game is spawned .
 I used to own `` Destroy All Monsters Melee '' back in the day . I loved it and despite it 's flaws it was a fun fighting game for a Godzilla fan . Not long after that I played `` Save The Earth '' . I never owned it so I did n't get to play it much . I got to try the monsters that were n't in DAMM and that was great . Recently I had a weird itch to play a Godzilla game . I had sold DAMM awhile ago so I thought this would be the best option . I saw the roaster and I was quite pleased with the vast variety of characters . The game also has some pretty positive ratings here . So I bought it.Graphics : Horrible . This game does n't look much better then the previous Godzilla games , in fact it looks worse then I remember those looking . Maybe my 360 has been spoiling me with fancy graphics but this game is just ugly . Even the monster models do n't look all that impressive . I 'm using the component cables so maybe that 's why . They seem to make games look even worse because the Wii really was n't meant for HD gaming . While I 'm here I might as well mention the cut scenes . They 're by far the laziest I 've ever seen . They 're just still images with people talking . They 're not even animated . I question if they were even trying.Sound : The sound in this game is decent . The monster roars range from good to bad . Some of them are clear and others sounds like they 're muffled . There 's also some horrible voice acting . I do n't know if they did this on purpose to be funny , like the badly dubbed movies , but it 's just plain awful . I skipped all the cut scenes because they not only drag on forever but they 're painful to listen to . The humans yelling about who to attack gets annoying too . `` Focus your attack on ... Godzilla ! '' There 's this awkward pause in between everything they say because they only recorded the lines once so they could insert the monster name separately . I can see why they did that but they did n't blend it very well at all.Story : There is n't one really and honestly there does n't need to be . Some aliens called the Vortakk are attacking Earth and there 's crystals popping up everywhere giving monsters crazy powers . Then there 's some general dude with a stupid looking tank that has a drill on the front that wants revenge on whatever monster you 're playing as . Honestly it 's not a very good story and like I said watching the cut scenes is painful so it 's just not worth your time to care . Here 's the story , I 'm a giant monster and I want to beat the crap out of other giant monsters.Controls : This is where the game takes a turn down `` Crap Street '' . The controls in this game are quite possibly the worst controls I 've ever experienced . They are broken to no end . First off whoever decided that flicking the joystick should be jump needs to be fired . So should the person who thought flicking both the wiimote and joystick at the same time should be grab . You use the 1 button to turn on power ups and the 2 button to taunt . There 's still the d-pad which has 4 fully functional buttons on it that you 're not using . Taunt should have been down on the D-pad like in Smash Brothers because you 're never going to use it anyway . All it does it leave you open for attack because you ca n't stop it once you 've started it . The 1 button should have been jump and the 2 button for power ups . Better yet the 2 button for grabs and up , left , or right for power ups.Aside from having the stupidest activation the grab move only works when it feels like it . Every time I try to pick up a building it works fine with no problems at all . When I try to use it on a monster I end up jumping into the air or it just does n't let me grab them . Some monsters ca n't be grabbed , the flying ones , and others just parry you when you do finally grab them . The Grab move , when it does work , is quite useful especially against enemies that like to sit there and block everything . Another annoying thing is the game glitches , sometimes several times a match , and my character gets stuck running until I unplug the nunchuck . This has never happened to me on any other games so it has to be this one.Before I finish off the controls I want to mention the jumping one more time . If you even slightly move your wrists while playing this you 'll be flying all over the place . Maybe I do n't sit still enough and that 's why but I end up jumping on accident 90 % of the time . Most of the time I 'm trying to do the heavy attacks , which is waving the wiimote around . When I wave the wiimote my other hand tends to move as well which causes me to leap into the air . It gets very frustrating very fast . I actually had to lower the difficultly to easy because the controls are such a handicap.Gameplay : There 's zero strategy involved . You sit there and pound on enemies till they die . You can fire your beams at them but that does n't usually do enough damage to be worth it and I noticed unless you 're hitting an enemy from behind with it the beam attacks wo n't finish off a health bar and you have to hit them to kill them.Shooting a beam up close is just asking for your opponent to activate theirs and cause you both to go flying onto your backs . Sometimes it takes so long to land a blow on a monster that they regenerate before you can finish them off . This happens a lot when fighting Mothra who always does this block move that stuns you for a second . Mothra and the flying bunch are by far the most annoying monsters to fight . They 're hard to hit except with beams and buildings but I refuse to carry out an entire fight lobbing buildings at a monster and waiting for yellow crystals to appear so I can recharge my energy bar fast enough to make it matter.Onto story mode it has a loyalty system . You start out with a faction and you gain points with them depending on what you do in a fight . If you have the choice to fight monsters from two factions the one you finish off first you lose points with and the one you let live you gain points . Sometimes the game gives you a lose lose option where you have to do stuff that causes you to lose points with your own faction . I once had to either destroy crystals or defeat Gigan . Well Gigan was on my team and therefore not attacking me so I opted to destroy the crystals . When I did the game took away 15 points from my faction , which was Aliens , and then gave me 10 back for not killing Gigan . It makes no sense what so ever , especially when they explain the crystals are n't the aliens doing anyways.I think I covered how bad and annoying the combat is enough so I 'll let that rest . I must say before I finish with the gameplay that the freeze ray tanks are ungodly annoying . They say they 're going to target one monster and half the time they end up freezing both of you . The freezing allows for a free hit but if everyone gets frozen what 's the point ? Also most of the time you will be frozen last so they will break out first and pound the crap out of you . This seriously is n't one of those fighting games where everyone says it 's bad but if you 're that special kind of person whose super patient you can figure out how to play it and it becomes good . This game is just horrible and broken period.Extras : To this games credit there 's quite a bit to unlock . However to unlock things you need points and to get points you have to play story mode . You do n't get them doing multiplayer , not that you 'd want to wish this on your friends let along 3 of them . So you have to play story mode with almost everyone . Some of the stuff is really expensive . You could play story mode twice and still not have enough points for some of the more expensive monsters . There 's this rating system at the end of every event and you get points based off the things you did . One is defeating monsters and if you do n't land the last blow you do n't get any points for beating a monster . You could be the one who takes all it 's health away but if some other monster comes up and coughs on it then you do n't get credit for defeating it.On top of characters to unlock there 's arenas and bonus artwork . The artwork gets expense too and you 'd be insane to spend the time needed to get all of it . The roster is cool and the bonus characters are all good for the most part . I do n't like Krystalak or Obsidius at all . I think they 're stupid looking and unoriginal . They were created for the game . I guess because they could n't put Kong in they opted for a giant rock monkey . Some of the characters ca n't be unlocked by simply playing the game either . To earn them you have to do some secret stuff that 's pretty damn cryptic and then buy them as well . Honestly reminds me of the crap old games used to pull to get people to buy guides.Overall : Honestly if this game was n't Godzilla no one would be playing it . There is not a single redeeming quality here aside from an impressive character roster . The older games play better then this and the annoying things I could have normally overlooked I ca n't because of how bad the controls are . Maybe the PS2 version is better because of the controls . Honestly I bought the Wii one for the exclusive characters . If Nintendo was n't dead set on force feeding us they 're crappy Wiimote and gimmicky motion controls I could have enjoyed this game with the classic controller.So if you 're looking for a great Godzilla game look elsewhere . I suggest Save the Earth or DAMM . If you can live without 1954 Godzilla , Varan , King Caesar , Mechagodzilla 1 , Titanosaurus , Biollante , Battra , and the two crappy new characters you can live with Save the Earth . I personally do n't care about most of those characters and really was only excited about Biollante , who is the easiest monster to beat so I 'm not very impressed with her . If you 're a huge Godzilla fan who has to have this game then I 'd opt for the PS2 one , it 'll cause less frustration I 'm sure .
 Godzilla Unleashed is a fun game for a short amount of time . Not really much different that the 2002 GameCube game Godzilla Destroy All Monsters , Unleashed has about the same graphics , same game play , and same sound quality . I expected more , as these two games are six years apart in development . But no , developer Pipeworks Software , Inc. simply took the old game , added a few more cities -LRB- which resemble their real-world locations not at all -RRB- , slapped on clunky and unintuitive Wii controls , and put it out there in the hopes of getting some of that crazy Wii action.Don ' t buy this game . If you have a Wii and a GameCube controller , just pick up the old Godzilla Destroy All Monsters game for five bucks used . Really , you are getting almost the exact same game , save a few monsters and cities . The story line is dull and boring , but you have to play through it to unlock other playable monsters . Yes , a game you paid for , and you ca n't play all the advertised characters unless you trudge through the single player story for a few hours.The Wii controls are completely unintuitive . Clunky and , many times , unresponsive . You would think fighting games on the Wii would be a cool novelty , but Godzilla Unleashed shows how not to implement the Wii controls.Horrible game that does nothing over a six year old game of similar name by the same developer . Do n't bother with this title . Or , if you really would like to own it , wait a few months , and it will be in the five buck bargain bin in no time .
 ` Godzilla Unleashed ' is like dating a supermodel with a serious amount of baggage . She looks great on the outside but once you start peeling back layers you can see she 's not all she 's cracked up to be . The graphics and look of this game are great . With the graphical ability of today 's games you can make a game that is very eye appealing and not spend any time on the gameplay or AI of the game itself . This is exactly what is going on here . The writing is poor , the premise is boring , but having said all that it 's great to look at . If you are looking for a fun game with great gameplay this is n't it . If you love monster premise games and are more concerned with the look you will probably be happy but do n't say you were n't warned . ** NOT RECOMMENDED
 I purchased the non-premium kit -LRB- $ 9.99 -RRB- with a Silicone skin case cover and 2 screen protectors -LRB- one for each screen -RRB- , but it is the same case . The problem is that the silicone skin cover is slippery , twice as slippery as the Nintendo Lite without the cover . We thought that washing them in Dove dish soap would wash away the slipperyness , but that did n't work . After handling the cover , your hands have a slippery residue on them . The other issue is that the cover is so thin that it is little more than scratch protection , not impact protection . The screen covers that come with the non-premium kit are ok , I guess , but one of them had 2 defect particles that were raised -LRB- trust me , the screen was clean -RRB- . I purchased 2 kits , and I had one screen protector defect and my wife accidentally broke one of the silicone covers hinge straps with little effort . I do not recommend this product at all .
 this item was a waste of my time to oder and money NOT WELL spent . I only lasted 48 hours if that
 I was not happy with this case . It fits very loosely and does not stay in place very well . I had bought it to help protect it if it was dropped by my son but it slides around on the Nintendo DS and I will be getting a different one . Also the part that covers the speakers just flaps around so when you close the DS they get folded and do not help the case stay one . In my opinion it was n't worth the few dollars spent .
 Well , I could n't even get this skin on my DSLite without breaking the little strips that cover the hinge . They look like they were shredded by someone else in the factory as I opened them . Well , those thing little strips are not needed , so I continued carefully putting on the DSLite skin over 5 minutes , and no matter how much I try this thing is a shoddy fit and wo n't work . Everything looks like it 's about a single millimeter off in all directions on size . I ca n't reach the volume slider nor the power button with it on either . The shoulder buttons get poorly covered for some reason and I ca n't use them with it on . Now it sits in my trash can , the only good spot to keep it.The only good thing about this skin is the gripping on it . Looks nice in the pictures , feels great when it 's on there , but that 's the only flat surface on there and slightly fits , with a little hanging over the edge on top and bottom.All in all do n't buy , save the time and money . This costs about $ 14 with the shipping charges and is n't worth any penny of it 's cost .
 This fell apart when attempting to put on the DS . Seller should state this is for the lite only .
 the description says for Nintendo DS , my packaging says for game boy . It wo n't work on a DS Lite . The seller wants me to pay to ship it back and $ 2 . Be careful on the descriptions !!
 This game would be fun , if it actually worked . It wo n't install onto my computer therefore I ca n't play it .
 If they threw in a stragegy guide this would be totally awesome package but they didnt some good goodies though if your a true fan maybe i can see you picking this up but is it really worth -LRB- ... -RRB- . I suggest you wait it out to see if another package is made possiblily with the stragegy guide . I rate 1 star for the package not for the game cause its gon na kick butt !
 It would not run on my mac the game was too old to run and i never had a chance to play it .
 Do not buy this game if you do n't have xbox live . It 's a blast and the graphics are good , but you can beat it in a few hours . Rent it .
 After playing this game at my friends apartment I was mixed about the online gameplay . Far too easy -LRB- yet realistic -RRB- to die . The categories of guns range from close range to long range yet the bullets are 80-100 % accurate if single fired at any range from any weapon through most objects . The story mode is good , but let me lay down the facts that this game does VERY LITTLE to offer anything new to the table on any front . Graphics are clunky and clay like -LRB- which the 360 suffers from -RRB- , the AI and enemy units for single players seem to have active GPS devices with your location while being stamped out of a nearby factory like gnats . The story is ok , not moving in any regard . For online , people are classically praying and spraying their guns with random effects . Boring maps with the same old crap . Everything is colored the same and bumped the same -LRB- yes realistic -RRB- but again adding to the -LRB- oh hey I found you let me pray and spray -RRB- . I was first addicted to this game but after 2 months I 'm ready to trade it in and move on to something other then a saturated market of fps .
 Yes this game is one of the best . Nice play and interesting missions . I 'll get to the point . Mine locks up every time i play within thirty minutes or so . I have looked for an answer to the problem and yet to find one .
 I wanted to play with buddies at my own home - CANT . You must pay for the online services of your xbox360 for ALL NERDS TO UNITE ONLINE . I guess the hype and high ratings come from those fellas with the head sets and small biceps . I hate that most `` BIG '' games now days seem to be online driven and designed for that type of play . Hey , I guess whatever makes money right ? Monkeys see , so monkeys do ...
 I was dissapointed in two areas , enough to give it a 2 star rating :1 - in-scene/game experience - when compared to Battlefield 2 , Ghost Recon -LRB- GRAW 2 -RRB- , and Halo 3 , I found the game experience in COD4 very linear and constrained . In this respect , it is closer to Medal of Honor Airborne , which I prefer from the recent batch of games in this genre .2 - graphics - it did not find it as visual compelling and presenting as rich of an environment as GRAW 2 or Halo 3On the positive side , it felt consistent in terms of performance -LRB- fps -RRB- and the cut scenes are very interesting and well made.Overall , I recommend trying it out before buying , so that you are not disappointed afterwards .
 Today games are focused for online play . The hype for this game was saying that its comparible to GOW or HALO 3 online play . NOT EVEN CLOSE , the multiplayer aspect of this game is poorly done . The game itself was ok ... very repetitive . The story is good , everything else is just plain . Graphics ... awesome , but the game itself ... just boring really.the coolest thing about the game ... the trailor .
 I ordered this because the condition was Very Good . When I opened the box , the game was unbelievably scratched , it looked like someone polished it with sandpaper . You could tell the previous owner knocked over their xbox while playing because there was a ring that scratched around the disc . Luckily I had it downloaded on my hard drive from when I previously owned this game , so I could still play it as long as my xbox can read that it is COD4 . But if I did n't , like most people , I 'd be screwed . Great game . . terrible seller ...
 I have played this game for way , way too much time and am about ready to toss it in the garbage . Graphics are superb , story is ok for local play . But let 's face it , we buy this game to go online and play against real people , not a computer program . Here 's where the problem lies.Infinity Ward/Activision -LRB- I 'm not sure how they work together -RRB- run the servers and software that set up the games . There are signiv = ficant issues with latency . Latency is the time lag , or gap , between different players . It has to do with each players physical distance to the servers , and possibly what type of connections on the internet . For example , Player A walks around a corner , sees Player B , raises his weapon and begins to fire . But because PLayer A has 2 seconds of latency more than Player B , Player B turns , sees Player A , raises his weapon and kills Play A. Player A clearly shot Player B , but when the KillCam -LRB- instant replay from your opponents view -RRB- is shown , it appears that Player A never raised his weapon.Infinity Ward has a website with player forums , and in spite of the fact that they have moderators , players by the hundreds , if not thousands , can get no response to the latency issue from the authors of this game . This latency issue has turned the game into a cartoonish , Ratchet and Clank shoot the hell out of everything game.If Infinity Ward does n't attend to this problem , and there are other issues , I wo n't by anything from Activision again .
 Do NOT Buy using this seller . The seller sent a disc completely scratched up . There was no possible way it came close to working . Seller does not respond to emails and Amazon had to refund me because this seller is terrible .
 We were so Dissapointed with This Game I spent almost 60.00 on this Crappy Game that was beat in 2 mo. ... . I was so unsatisfied with a Game I had High Hopes for ...
 In fact , the worst thing in the game story , which is detrimental to the Arabs directly and indirectly . The city of Jeddah in the game is not as presented has been presented as a backward city and the old way . The game is good , especially online mode .
 This game is SO OVERRATED . Campaign was short . Multiplayer was the same as Halo 3 . The missions in campaign that were ok are what kept me giving this a 1 star in the `` fun '' rating . I mean , this game blows . Its Conflict Desert Storm with a different case and slightly different missions and characters . This game is such a disgrace to the COD series . I LOVED 1,2 , and 3 . This one BLOWS !!!!! Get Army of Two/BioShock/R6V / R6V2 and put your 60 dollars to good use . See you later!UPDATE4 / 12-I know Halo is unrealistic . I think everybody knows that . At least this game is somewhat realistic . But1 -RRB- Turrets Overheat in this game . TURRETS DONT OVERHEAT !!! I 've shot turrets before , and you have to reload them after 100 shots -LRB- which you dont do in COD4 i think you know -RRB- , BUT THEY DONT FU ** ING OVERHEAT !! WTF !! 2 -RRB- Why cant you take silencers off the guns ? I know you cant do that in AO2 , so dont tell me . But why cant you reach down , and screw the silencer off . Thats BS3 -RRB- Graphics . Sure they look great . BUT ONLY IF YOU STAY PUT IN 1 ROOM . THEN THEY ALL LOOK THE FREAKIN SAME !!! Okay have a nice day goodbye
 I would n't be able to write a review in this game because i have not received it yet . Its been about a month since i ordered it and nothing has arrived ... sucks !
 Lots of fun , but it is way too short . Over in less then a day . Rent , do not buy .
 I owned the game for a week and then sold it . I did not play online . I really did not like the game .
 well i purchased the game and was not impressed with the graphics or controls . i refuse to pay for xbox live when pc is free so i purchased the pc version and maxed out the graphics and resolution and it like a different game . this version ruins the experience get it for pc the 360 version is a joke
 Ok , there are some great things about this game . The graphics are amazing , the play is pretty fun , and the story is moderately engaging . However , I mostly play online multiplayer , and in this area it is sorely deficient.Again , I will begin with the good part
 I am stuck on the second level of this game -LRB- Marine Sgt Paul Jackson -RRB- where the game freezes 100 % of the time within one area of the game . I have restarted the game for days and dozens of times and the game freezes at about the same physical point in the game all the time . I can approach the block from the left , center , or flanking right and it freezes an approximately the same boundary point.Google `` COD4 freezing '' or anything similar and you 'll find reports of thousands of users who are experiencing hardware issue caused by the games use of resources or software freezing issues such as I encounter.I asked my teenage son about it and he reported he and his friends gave up on the game over the Christmas break - they all could n't successfully regularly run the game.No similar problems with COD2 or COD3 so its definitely this release . Check this problem out before you buy , so at least you 're informed . There 's no fix reported yet for this problem .
 First off , I want to go on record as not being a Halo or Half Life 2 fan-boy . I am more of an action and RPG fan , if anything . Please keep that in mind before sending me any nasty-gram replies.I fail to understand the overstated hype that COD4 has generated from video game critics and players alike . From either single player or multiplayer perspectives , Half Life 2 , Halo 3 and Bioshock are far superior.Here are the pros and cons : Pros : Graphics - No doubt this game looks great , though not as good as BioshockSound - Great sound effects and voice-acting , again though , not as good as any of the shooters I have already mentionedCons and there are many : Gameplay - tight shooting controls , but what is up with the enemies that re-spawn in perpetuity until you cross some invisible line on the map ? For a game that sells itself on realism , that is quite hokey . The fact that you have to hold down one of the joysticks to run faster is quite clumsy . I liked the `` semi-snap '' to enemy function , but it just does n't beat the mega-tight controls in Half-Life 2 -LRB- as well as the other games in the Orange Box -RRB- . Weapons - Though the guns look and sound great , the aforementioned shooters ' weapons are better . Yes , those games have the creative advantage of fictional weapons , but this reviewer appreciates playing a video game more for the fantastical elements as opposed to realism . Even if we just compare the more `` realistic '' weapons , the main machine gun in Half Life 2 , especially in Episode 2 , trumps any of COD4 's machine guns . It just feels incredible to weild that puppy from a video game perspective.Multiplayer - Maybe it 's just me and the fact that I am old , but I really do appreciate the wonderful simplicity that Halo 3 offers in the ease of understanding that I have to shoot the guy on the screen who 's color is opposite of my team 's . I could never figure out who the heck the enemy was in COD4 until I was `` pwned '' as the kids like to say . The enemy 's uniform was the same color as my teams ' . Yes , that 's more realistic , but who the heck wants that in a video game -LRB- apparently everyone but me -RRB- ? There you have it . I just can not recommend this game . If you are looking for great shooters on XBOX 360 , there are three of them out there that are top notch
 I really disliked CoD3 , and I heard so many good things about CoD4 that I bought it rather than rent it . I regret that decision . Sure it 's better than CoD3 -LRB- which was a train wreck -RRB- , it 's more of the same . It just pales in comparison to many of the FPS out there . You 're better off with BioShock , Halo 3 , or Orange Box .
 If you enjoy getting picked off by an unseen enemy , never even having a chance to fire back , if your game is to find some hidden perch , lie in the prone position and wait for some poor soul to walk in front of your crosshairs , if you loved COD2 because it rewarded your camp/sniping by making the sniper rifle far and away the most effective gun , if you were disappointed when COD3 made the sniper rifle 's scope , smaller , cloudier and more difficult to aim , then you will love COD4 because Infinity Ward has put you back on top.In an apparent fit of spitefulness for being snubbed on COD3 , Infinity Ward has reversed all of the major improvements made by Treyarch in COD3 , taking the franchise back two big steps . The online gameplay of COD4 is very similar to COD2 . While COD2 was a remarkable game in many ways , it had one serious drawback , it encouraged camping out with sniper rifle , and discouraged moving about the map and trying to achieve the objective of whatever type of match you were playing . The field of view on the scope for COD2 was vast , the targets inside the field of view were enormous , and to place the crosshairs over target and fire was no challenge for even a novice player . A skilled sniper , on the other hand could make the game miserable for everyone else.What was great about COD3 was that it leveled the playing field by making sniping more difficult . This was done in several ways . First , the field of view through the scope was much reduced . Transitioning from normal view to ADS through the scope was almost disorienting . If your distant target was not already in the direct center of your screen under normal view , it will likely be outside your field of view through the scope . Also , holding steady aim was made more difficult , and the glass of the scope was made cloudy and dirty -- realistic changes . Lastly , and most ingeniously , you can not camp anywhere on any map on COD3 , without having the shine of your helmet visible to any targets in your sights . COD4 has restored the imbalance by bringing back the properties of COD2 's sniper rifle and eliminating the tell tale shiny helmet . Once again snipers dominate.Perhaps I have an unfair bias against the sniper but I do n't really see the point of multiplayer gameplay when one party does not know the other is there . If you are a sniper , you do n't really need to be playing with other humans . It is basically target practice -- these players might be better off playing Duck Hunt on NES . They could get the same thrill of shooting an oblivious target , without wasting my time . I much prefer challenging another player or players head on , where we both know the other is there , both aim and shoot at each other and outcome is based on the reflexes , and skill of both players.While there are many new features and improvements added in COD4 which I like , such as ranking system , and weapon unlocking , these are thoroughly discussed in the many 4 and 5 star reviews above . But for those of us in the anti-sniping camp , it is overall an inferior game to COD3 and does not have the same lasting power .
 You should rent it for the single player campaign . Although it is short , it is exciting and has some cool cut scenes -LRB- FP execution anyone ? -RRB- . The multiplayer is highly overrated . There are so many glitches and bad spawns that after a while it just gets frustrating . Spawned in the middle of airstrikes , grenades , and even in the middle of enemy territory really blunt any tactical feel this game ever had . Also the helicopters have god powers.The guns are unbalanced . On consoles , use the M16
 In fairness , I have n't tried multiplayer yet . Mainly because the single player was so disappointing . It 's hard to tell what 's going on in places . At some points you take the view of a different character , which may seem cinematic but turns out to be a cheesy gimmick . In one mission , your name might be `` Smith '' then in the next mission they 're yelling at `` Martinez '' for 20 minutes before you realize it 's you and you need to be doing something you 're not . The visuals are nice , and the actual combat system seems decent , which leads me to believe the multiplayer function may be where it 's at . Sadly , the single player campaigns were just so frustrating I did n't want to keep playing.Do yourself a favor , get Halo 3 if you do n't have it , or wait on Battlefield
 After some good reviews on this that i read - i went ahead and bought this wheel and i thought it was quite pathetic on several accounts.a -RRB- this has to be clamped to a table . its not comfortable to put on ur lap and play like the Microsoft Xbox360 wheel . So a simple couch play is not that fun anymore !! b -RRB- The response is pathetic . not only was the response slower than just the controller but it wasnt good on the force feedback either.I bought the wheel from best buy for a friend for xmas and she 's returning it after just 1 use : -LRB-
 You ca n't hold it in your lap . It 's got these two clamps that allow you to easily clamp it to a table . The only problem is that everyone I know only has a coffee table , about knee-high , in their living room . This means you 'd have to lean over it like an adult crammed into a kids go-kart . Then there 's the pedals . Where are you supposed to put the pedals ? You ca n't sit on a couch , pull a coffee table close enough to use a steering wheel clamped to it , and then somehow put your legs out under it . You 'd need to add a backwards knee half way down your shin.The clamps do n't come off , and stick out uncomfortably from the bottom . Even if i was willing to dismantle the thing to get them off it 's not wide enough to really sit on your lap so you 'd have to clamp it between your thighs which would get really uncomfortable really fast . If you try and set it on your legs , instead of between them , there 's nothing in the design to hold it steady so it 'll just keep shifting around.When compared to theXbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheelthe buttons are cheaper and harder to reach . The construction is cheap ... I ca n't think of a single thing to recommend about this . Get the Microsoft one . It 's worth every single penny more , and then some . In my case the Logitech one was only $ 50 and I still returned it and then spent an extra $ 50 to get the Microsoft one and could n't be happier with the upgrade .
 the reason i decided to buy this at such a rediculous price is because i loved playing need for speed carbon so much with a controller , and i thought it would be even more fun with a stearing wheel ... well i was wrong , this stearing wheel was impossible to turn , it has a small truning radius so you have to under compensate from what your use to in a real car , and its impossible to mount the damn on anything that would actually hold it very good , the mounts on the front dont secure it and it eventually slides over the corner of the table . . the only thing i did in game was bounce back and forth between walls . it 's possible it is just the game , as i have not played any other racing games with it , and need for speed carbon does seem like it is a little trickier handeling than most games . good luck to those who buy ! the end .
 I ordered the Logitech Drive FX Wheel through Amazon from Tiger Direct on December 13 as a Christmas gift for my two younger sons . I received an email from them on December 19 that they did not have one to send me.Could they have let me known sooner , like when I placed the order , that they had none available ? When I placed the order it said that had 3 . So I was shocked when I received their email and was at that time unable to find another one.Will never order through Tiger Direct again !!!
 dont buy , is very bad , it 's Hard and dificult to drive , I recomand you the original Xbox microsoft Drive Wheel .
 While I thought this game was going to be fun for the kids , since the movie was pretty good , it is not . They played with it for about two days and then lost interest . There was n't a sence of direction on how to accomplish what the game wanted you too .
 It didnt take ong to get shipped to me but the condition of the disk made it impossible to complete . It wa scratched and wouldnt play past the fifth chapter . Very dissapointing . Had it worked I think i would have enjoyed beating the game .
 I think it 's impossible to control these cars with a controller . Perhaps a $ 120 steering wheel might help , but who wants to spend that kind of money . This is the last racing game I 'll ever buy , a waste of money and my time .
 Okay , so I got this game cause it has a catchy name and looks fun , but PEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee UUUUUUUUUUUUUUU ! this game absolutley stinks ! I like Cassidy Pugmire .
 Bought this bundle in order to get a guitar controller to play guitar hero and the yellow button broke within a few weeks . I did n't even play all that much . Not sure if the supposedly lightly used product tag was an outright lie or if these controllers are just poorly made . Either way I am extremely disappointed in this purchase .
 Tilt Sensor was broken within 3 or 4 hours of use . I use it for Rock band , I have yet to play Guitar hero.Gave it a two for quality but obviously i ca n't say how the game is so i gave it a three .
 There are some really fun songs on this installment of the `` Guitar Hero '' series , but you 're better off just buying the stand-alone game instead of the bundle , because the guitar that comes with this is a piece of junk . Unless you 're pointing the neck down toward the ground , be prepared for unexpected star power launches . Also , when you 're holding down long notes , do n't be surprised if they suddenly are n't being held down anymore . And when you write to customer service about the worst gamer guitar you 've ever played -LRB- and I 've got five others -RRB- , be prepared for them to ignore you . It would n't be so bad if they would at least release a downloadable update to make this game compatible with the `` Rock Band '' guitars -LRB- like there is with `` World Tour '' and `` GH
 This bundle costs no more than 99.00 in the stores . Should be ashamed trying to rip off customers trying to sell for over 2x the actual price
 So being a big fan of Guitar Hero 1 & 2 , I was overall pretty disappointed with this installment . I do n't really have a gripe with the song selection , and it 's nice to see some songs with the master tracks , but the overall set-up of the game is frusterating.First off
 This would be a great bundle to get on the Wii is awesome and will provide hours of entrainment but Amazon price gouging is ridicules You can find the same bundle cheap if you go to ebay . That is where I brought mine .
 When the orginal Guitar Hero came out , that was one of the few games I really wanted for the PS2 , which I did not have at the time . One of my friends got it , and I immediately fell in love . As a guitarist myself , I was really happy to see that people could play a rhythm-based game with rock music , as opposed to Dance Dance Revolution -LRB- which has primarily techno and dance music -RRB- . Guitar Hero II came out first for the PS2 , and later for the Xbox 360 , with more songs , and downloadable content . With its added co-op and pro face-off two-player features , and an improved hammer-on/pull-off system , Guuitar Hero II is one of my favorite games on the 360 . When it was announced that Neversoft was going to take Harmonix 's place for the next Guitar Hero installment , I did n't know what to think . Screenshots for Guitar Hero 3 started circulating around the internet , I was both intrigued and disappointed . Intrigued by the new look and feel of the game , but disappointed that Neversoft was too stuck-up to keep the original design . `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' must not be something heard around Neversoft 's head honchos.I have to say , playing GH3 for the first time , it was fun . As much fun as playing either of the other Guitar Hero games . That is , until I found what all was different . If you are allowed to either hammer-on or pull-off to the next note , you do n't have to time it at all , which does n't even make sense . One major problem I find with the game , is the fact that Neversoft decided that expert difficulty is going to be harder than anything else . How ? By making any audible guitar noise a `` note , '' and the influx of three-note chords . Of course , that 's the only way to make some of the songs challenging , seeing as every single song -LRB- except the battles -RRB- were singles at some point . Why is this bad ? Because instead of choosing a song that would be good for Guitar Hero , a more popular song was chosen -LRB- specifically Miss Murder , Paint it Black , When You Were Young , and My Name is Jonas -RRB- . As for the guitar controller , Neversoft decided it would be for the best if the guitar had a detacheable neck . As for why , the only reason I can think of is for easy transport . But if you take the neck off , that 's just one more thing to carry , and the neck does n't stay in the body snugly , it jiggles around , ruining any long note you hit . The guitar I received has a jiggly neck , messed-up star power , and a slightly broken whammy bar . Star power is completely messed up . Sometimes it 'll activate if I turn the guitar in any direction , and sometimes it wo n't activate unless I swing the guitar around like a maniac . Normally , I press the Back button , but even that does n't work ! As for the whammy bar , there 's a `` dead spot '' in the middle position where it does n't register , so I have to pump the whammy bar all the way down and all the way back for it to work.Specifically for 360 owners , the achievements are ludicrous . They expect some kind of being with super-human Guitar Hero-playing powers to be playing GH3 , because those are the only things that 'll be getting the crazy achievements , such as beating Through the Fire and Flames on expert , using star power three times on TtFaF on expert , gold star -LRB- get 100 percent on -RRB- 20 songs on expert , and buying everything from the shop , which requires getting five stars on all songs on all four difficulties . Neversoft has completely ruined Guitar Hero for me , and I will be buying Rock Band 2 when it comes out instead of Guitar Hero
 This game could have been awesome for me . The software is really good . BUT , the hardware -LRB- guitar -RRB- is super low quality . Seriously , it 's garbage . The middle button only works intermittently . I will NEVER buy another Red Octane product . I honestly have ZERO respect for them . They develop awesome software for this game and then the hardware is garbage . Seriously , I could build a better guitar . Do yourself a favor and just buy rock band . They have better songs and the gear you get actually works .
 I love the game , but my red button would n't work on my first wireless controller which came with the bundle . After a returned it my second controller had issues . The whammy bar was always activated and it is nearly impossible to activate the star power . I need to hold the base of the guitar by the bottom with both hands and whip it around the room to activate the star power . I researched the problem in forums and found out that there are a lot of other people with the same problem . Do NOT buy the bundle . The new controller is horrible it ruins the game . I can not believe that a company would release such a crappy piece of equipment on the third generation of a franchise . It makes me wonder if they even tested the controller before releasing it . Use your old controller and save yourself fourty bucks .
 Ok , so I am bound to get some strife about this but please here me out.I love Guitar Hero . It is a wonderful game that allows me to play songs that I could never play on guitar . But I think Guitar Hero 3 `` Legends of Rock '' has a few BIG mistakes ... First off , not enough ` legends of rock ' . Where are AC/DC ? Thin Lizzy ? David Bowie ? Hendrix ? Why were they left out ? To make place for the many 2006 song releases by groups like AFI . Come on . Sorry , AFI , Weezer , and Muse are not ` legends of rock ' . You ca n't be a legend of rock if your band is 10 years old . Sorry.Second , the sell out factor ! AXE Bodyspray guitars and a Pontiac Truck Bed for a music shoot ? Come on . This would be fine if the career mode had n't made it a point to shun on ` selling out ' . Lastly , and most important * PEOPLE TAKE NOTICE * the controls are much more sensitive . So much so that I went back to GH1 and GH2 to make sure my controller was n't broken . You can not hard strum any longer . You are now forced to leave your finger on the strum key ... period . If you strum just a bit too hard it will count as a double hit . Horrible . How can you rock out if your hand must rest CONSTANTLY on the guitar?Other then that the game is excellent . I just hope ROCKBAND has less sensitive controls . If it does n't , I wo n't be buying it .
 I was given this game as a gift . I play poker competitively as well as for fun and do use software to practice -LRB- such as DD Poker -RRB- but the person who gave it to me had no experience of poker and just thought this would be fun for me and my new 360 . Fair enough , I 'll give it a go . I was a bit taken aback that the introduction was both simplistic and time-consuming , but I 'll try anything once . I set up a career and entered a tournament . Sat out a couple of hands , blinds at 5/10 , in the cutoff , player under the gun makes a raise . Person next to him also raises . Then the entire table calls . I 'm baffled at this point -LRB- early raise means power , re-raise of a power hand means a monster , so everyone else should have folded , not called -RRB- , but of course I 've now been given great odds so I 'll play whatever I have . I look down at AA . Nice . So I bet the pot to clear most people out . And everyone else instead follows me in ... and of course my As get cracked.I 'm not sure who this game is aimed at . The betting makes no sense , the AI will play any two cards , the BB ALWAYS calls if no-one else does making it impossible to steal the blinds - in other words it 's all hugely unrealistic and wo n't teach you anything about poker . I think that it is , as the title says , an arcade game for those who want to dabble and pretend that it 's the real thing without wanting to take it so far as to understand poker strategy and tactics.As a final aside , I was very disappointed in the graphics and sound - 360 is all about the visual and auditory experience , and this game takes no advantage of that.Overall , avoid this game .
 I was so looking foward to this Xbox360 version of the WSP , but I must sayI am disapointed , with the overall gameplay . The AI is a step up from the old xbox version but the game can be very tedious . Plus I have to play with the game background off due to the same old lame comments and background noises -LRB- sneeze ect -RRB-
 This game is horrible , game play is bad , not like poker at all . What the hell is this , its ridiculous ... . . .
 I was looking forward to play poker on 360 . Everything everybody has mentioned above is true . Also the game is so slow . They `` try '' to make it realistic timing but that failed . There are times when i 'm pressing bet , bet or fold , fold but my player whats to take 5 more seconds to think about it before acting on my command.Horrible poker game .
 This game was a major dissappointment , but the first few hunts were kinda fun -LRB- but challenging -RRB- so I gave it 2 stars for that . It was almost impossible for me to shoot the first thing in the game because of the difficulty . I figured this would be a spectacular game because I love Alaska and everything about it , including the wildlife there . I was very wrong ! Every time you have the right animal in sight , a wolf or a bobcat attacks you and you die and need to start over . Not to mention , male moose can be fesity too and ram you and eventually kill you . However if you do n't have the tags for them , you 'll get a warning and if you get enough of those then you go back to the lodge . Do n't even get me started about how hard it is to shoot a snowshoe hare going 30 times faster than you are.I do n't reccomend this AT ALL .
 While not being an obsessive fan of the Cabela Series , I have been a fan nonetheless . Most recently I enjoyed Dangerous Hunts for the PSP , and though rather short and limited in scope , it was a fun game to play . I expected a great deal more with this game , but instead felt like it was a big step backwards . This time you are able to navigate via vehicles throughtout different regions in Alaska -LRB- trucks , snowmobiles etc -RRB- , but the control is quite frustrating . The animals/game are less than engaging and the game itself it outright boring . One fun feature is the shot cam where you follow your fired round from barrel to destination in slow-motion . Otherwise this is a game that I find to boring to finish , and feel as though you may just want to hold out until the next Cabela release which I am sure will be better ... I do not think it could be worse .
 While there have never been very many truly good hunting games , I had high hopes for this title . Then I played it . Apparently , Cabela 's has decided to recreate the stereotypical view most people have of hunting.I say this because during my first hunt -LRB- for musk ox -RRB- I noticed a wolf . I noticed it as it attacked me . I 'd estimate 99 % of predators you see in the game , from wolves to foxes and wolverines , attack you . This is horrible as well as inaccurate . Not only does the game not reward you for utilizing any actual hunting skills -LRB- I was able to run up on most things and shoot them as they charged -RRB- it actually penalizes you , because if you focus too much on the stalk and not enough on the area around you , odds are you 'll be mauled to death.While attacks are a risk during hunting , they certainly do not occur to 90 % of hunters . And there are precautions you can take to avoid being attacked , but in this game , you are essentially chum . While this `` adventure '' aspect has been utilized by some cartoonish titles in the past , I expected much , much better from a title licensed by one of the biggest names in hunting and fishing . I have n't played a Cabela 's title since one of the old , Windows 98 versions with the FMV , but this is just awful . On one `` challenge '' I had to hunt 5 bison . So I slowly stalked my way in range and finished the challenge , after killing 8 foxes and 3 wolves that attacked me . Then I tried it again and sprinted up the river , killing the needed 5 bison with only 2 foxes.If you 're looking for a title that lets you kill things , this is Halo with animals in place of aliens . If you 're looking for something with any semblance of a hunting simulation ... keep looking . The graphics are choppy at best , the motion is barely passable for an old PC and the physics engine is a little off kilter . There are plenty of better first person shooters available for the 360 which is all this game turned out to be in the end .
 I picked this game up in the $ 10 bin at a local store . I have since sold it on Ebay . Having said that , it is worth that price and nothing more . I enjoyed the hunts and strategy of the game . The graphics , however , were horrible , and it is almost impossible to tell what you are shooting at . Tracking is just about useless , and you are penalized if you shoot a species or gender that you do not have tags for . Overall this game could have been so much better . I expect more out of future Cabela installments .
 For RPG gamers interested in the likes of `` Baldur 's Gate , '' this RPG will sorely disappoint you -- in game play and in the pocketbook . The AD&D style of levels -LRB- essentially adopted by the RPG industry as a standard -RRB- and experience are not the same in `` Shattered Light , '' and this can confuse the average RPG player.Character generation is not initially random , and can only be altered in `` upgrading '' your character once experience and quests have been fulfilled in the continuity of the story . And therein lies the rub.The storyline of `` Shattered Light '' is , well , shattered by its dullness . Interactive conversation with NPCs is not possible -- it 's relatively one sided
 But , frankly , it does n't work . The editor feature , which was the main attraction for me , is awkward and severely flawed in implementation . The developing company is now out of business , so do n't look for any support . For more fun -LRB- and for the same amount of time -RRB- , take the money this game would cost , drop it in the toilet , flush and cheer as it goes its merry way .
 They did not clarfy that this game wont run on any pc besides windows 95 . Windows 98 wont even run this . I wasted my money . I even tried to run windows 95 of my windows xp and still wont work . The reason is because it only works on 16 bit operating systems . So even if you have windows 95 16 bit if you have 32 bit with it the 32 bit sends a message making the cd not run . The only way to play it is to find windows 95 that has never had 32 bit put on it . In other words you have to find a windows 95 thats never been updated , 16 bit , and never connected to the internet if you want this cd to run .
 I ordered 2 of these as extension cables for my PC sound card . -LRB- Headset / Mic -RRB- One was fine but the other must have been shorted out and caused a constant hum in the headphone or feedback on the mic .
 Star Trek Klingon is a short `` made for TV '' movie where you control the outcome . There is nothing more to it.While the game features good direction by Frakes and at times , you do feel a part of the story , you will get bored rather quickly.What keeps the game from being a total bust is the Klingon Language factory , where you get a chance to speak Klingon into the microphone and be graded on the pronunciation . Quite fun!As a Star Trek Fan , this is a collector 's item , but I do n't find myself playing the game often .
 No manual included . Tip
 I 'm a big fan of the series , but anyone who has not played this , do n't even bother spending your money . I bought this game today , and have already finished it ! Where is the excitement ? There are no battles , no fights , and really no fun . What 's next ? Star Trek Romulan ? I hope not . I should have learned my lesson after reading `` Kahless '' in the `` Star Trek '' book series . That was also bad . Let these two things be a lesson .
 When I first heard of the idea for this game , i thought it would be interesting . What I did n't relize is there is no `` cross-bredding '' of ships . You ca n't have a Galaxy Saucer with an Akira body with Defiant Nacelles . Also , they have four presets for each part , and not a way for you to design a totally new saucer . As aforementioned , since there is no cross bredding , you can not make a new class . And , one of the true low points of the game is , since you are an admiral , not a captian , you just send the ship out and your `` capable '' crew does the rest . No Control , no nothing .
 This game is a stinking pile of crap . The best part about this game is the name it does n't deserve - Starship Creator Deluxe . And the fun pretty much ends there . This CD features what Simon and Schuster call customisation options -LRB- an add-on disk that is a re-rendering of ships that you would n't care to see anyway -RRB- , which also wastes your time creating variations of 10 ships that are not that much different -LRB- or any more fun -RRB- than what 's already in the game . While you can supposedly interact with your customisable crew -LRB- um ... well by selecting them from a list -RRB- , and design the most heavily armed ship in starfleet -LRB- keep in mind , you choose all of this from a very limited list of parts and it is more like an interactive encyclopedia than anything creative -RRB- , your choices are controlled by a budget -LRB- which completely ignores the ST universe -RRB- . Then participate in missions with your new ship to see what it feels like to pay good money just to find out you 're an idiot for buying this game . It begins with an insult to the name `` Star Trek '' featuring a graphic display that is NOT 3D , NOT 2D , NOT REALTIME , NOT CONTROLLED , AND NOT FUN !!! I urge any and all individuals who have possession of this game to burn it at their first opportunity . On a scale of 1 to 10 , I give it a -1 . If you are a gaming masochist , then by all means , be my guest and observe what has to be the worst ST game/simulator I have ever seen . I 've downloaded free ST games that were better than this worthless piece of trash . Please heed my words , `` SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! '' I would rate this game with `` 0 '' Stars but the rating system does n't allow that . This game sucks .
 This game is BAAAAD . I gave it one star because it is somewhat entertaining building your ship , but after that what do you really do with it ? The missions are a joke , they look like a really crappy Flash website .
 Truth be told , this game is terrible . It might sound interesting to design your own star trek ships , but this game does n't the worst job . There is no action after you design your ships -- that is , you ca n't really do anything with them . To shorten this up
 Jeez , I could n't even get the pictures to show after i had created the ship . The computer lets the ship run through and see how many problems it can run into . No interaction . A few bugs , no fun . Do n't buy it guys .
 When I first heard about this I thought it would be the best ST software out there . We could make our own ships ? Create crews and even go on missions . I thought that would kick a $ $ . I had grown board of the relativley dull games that do n't let you actually eperience trek.I put it on my wish list for my birthday which was a few days after it first came out.I got it and installed it and thought it was great . two hours later I was surfing the web . It 's boring . That simple , BOOOORING . The designers came up with a great concept , but the configurations are not interesting and the mission mode is just stupid.If you have money to throw away , you could get it . It might be better with 3 more classes of ships , but not that much better .
 I bought this game thinking it would be cool , Design your own ships and take em out for a spin , Not the case ! I could do a better job using MS Paint , Major Dispointment ! Dont waste your money here , If you looking for a Star Trek game try Starfleet Command , It rocks .
 = Not the fun it claims to be!Reviewer
 I 'm 8 years old and I love Star Trek . It 's one of my favorite movies . But this game is REALLY bad . All you do is chose the crew , add onto the ship ... then sit around and watch the computer do the rest . To have any fun , I guess you have to know computers really well , and be a programer . But for me , this was a waste of -LRB- hard earned -RRB- money .
 I tend to see what others say about games and very rarely take the time out to write one of my own but after -LRB- wasting -RRB- spending some time playing X2
 Pure eye candy . I fired it up and started the tutorials . The business tutorial seemed to stall . The combat tutorial showed me that anyone who actually manages to shoot an enemy ship with a laser is just plain lucky . Combat was just pure frustration , with opposing ships crossing the screen in the blink of an eye . You 'd need to be Luke Skywalker to win a fight on merit , because Han Solo would n't have a chance . Gee it looks great . Who cares because if you have to fight to get on in the game or protect your interests then you might as well forget it , because you 're going to be tearing your hair out . I would n't give this game away to my worst enemy . There may be a rewarding game in there somewhere , but why should I put myself through hours of boring frustration ?
 There are so many games out there that it 's not practical to waste time and money on an average or poor game . This game has some good qualities , but the stupid , unchangeable user interface will be a show-stopper for many people.Unbelievably , you can not redefine which keys do what in this game , and yet the tutorial will not tell you which keys to use , but rather says , `` look up the < whatever > key in the printed manual now '' -- I 'm not kidding !!! LOL Even the original Descent allowed you to remap the keys , and that game came out TEN YEARS AGO.The ships have a `` maximum speed '' ... anyone who played Independence War will realize that this is not the way to model the physics of spacecraft.The days when computer game companies are going to be able to survive and make a profit while treating their customers like garbage are coming to an end ... and Enlight had better learn the lesson if they want to survive . Wish I could give it zero stars.Another crappy game to sell on ebay ... < sigh > ...
 Okay , I could n't give the game one star because it had really good space graphics . I actually felt like I was in a cockpit . But it certanly dose n't warrent anything above what I gave it.Allow me to write this in a recognizable fassion.Pros :1 - Great Space Graphics .2 - Somewhat Interesting Storyline.Cons -LRB- allow me to clear my throat -RRB- :1 - The character graphics are some of the worst I 've seen in a long time . Even the original Monkey Island , or Space Quest had better character animation than this .2 - It has a serious problem with character interface , and user friendlyness . This is it 's biggest problem . I will garentee you , it has no tutorial , training , hints or tips , or anything else to help out . It throws you in and expects you to know how to do everything off the bat . I could n't even figure out how to repair ! And I was DOCKED ! 3 - It had a review on the box saying
 The game was quite a bit of a letdown , as I am a big fan of Douglas Adams . Unfortunately , the game is not all that fun as a game . I felt even let down in the humor -LRB- or should I say humour -RRB- department as well . It did not seem as though Mr. Adams had full control over the project , as bits and pieces seemed to be his sense of humor , and other bits seemed to be a watered down Monty Python attempt . The bits that are funny are definitely funny , especially the talking message delivery system things . The look of the environs were astoundingly beautiful , but I feel that it lacked a soul behind it . The game puzzles were at times very easy , and other times astoundingly non-intuitive and difficult . For instance , there is one puzzle that simply does not give you a clue that you are doing the right thing , and you have to do it repeatedly for the game to finally give in and let you have the victory . I wo n't say what it is , but it involves someone 's butt . Overall , the humor was what kept this from getting a one star review , but even that was a disappointment .
 That was what I expected . I feel that the game was a let down overall because I kept expecting something really cool to happen , but it pretty much never did . It was kind of interesting at best . I gave two stars because three would indicate that I found it worth while . Most of the puzzles where either easy , or lacking in the ability to be solved without hints . I do n't think I could have done it without the strategy guide that came with it . Also , I found that one of the puzzles did n't work in the way the manufacturer probably intended . To be fair , the humor was funny and very PYTHON which I liked . Additionally , I thought the whole concept was very good and I kept expecting some cool things to happen , but ultimately it did not pan out . Good Try .
 Feral Interactive does list that Bionicle will not work on the Core Duo / Core 2 Duo . It was a little harder to `` find '' than I had hoped . But even with 2gb Ram and 256mb Video Ram , the game is unplayable.I am sure it 's fun and works well on Power PC Mac 's .
 This game is only so-so . It assumes that the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 led to a nuclear war and WW3 . But really those incidents have nothing to do with the progress of the game . It could easily have been a game called WW3 and set in the 1960s for all that the CMC had to do with it.Game play is slow and the weapons are limited . Battles can be fought on autocombat or `` by hand . '' It 's more fun by hand , but gets a bit stale after a bit.Strategy First publishes other great software like `` Dangerous Waters . '' If you want a good battle sim , go elsewhere .
 I did not bother to finish it . The game had little to offer that was new or innovative or exiting . It did not even have anything to do with the cuban missile crisis as the title suggests.Hail Flavius !
 A Sopranos game really does n't sound like a bad idea . With all the GTA rip offs to flood the video game world , you 'd think that one with the Sopranos name on it , along with most of the talent involved with the game from HBO 's highly influential show , you might figure that maybe a Sopranos game would actually be kind of good . Well , you 'd be wrong . The Sopranos
 What a huge dissapointment for any Sopranos fan or any gamer here !! Very dull and boring simply awful . First thing I noticed is you ca n't look up and down - only side to side ! This was the first hint that this game might not be so good . Even a low budget atari game lets you look up and down ! The only cool part is they have a few -LRB- select few -RRB- of the real characters from the cast digitized in the game . The bad news - its just no fun to play . The fighting is totally lame and unfortunately this is a big part . Also you have almost no influence on the storyline - it can not be altered from what I could see . Its strictly laid out and it does n't feel like you are really interacting in the game but rather watching it . Kinda reminded me of the Sega CD games where it was mainly watching a movie with little influence of the outcome . Levels are very small with extremely limited roaming and the load times are horrendous !! There is a 15 second load time just to open a door at tony 's club and enter another room ! This is totally unnacceptable ! I do n't even recommend renting this game . AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL
 I have no clue what this game is like because the jerk I bought it from screwed me and never sent it .
 I ordered this game on Oct. 17today is Oct. 25 & now they say they will ship it by Oct 31st .
 This games sucks . Do n't waste your money on it , the game is only 5 hours long tops . If you want to play a great mob game play The Godfather .
 There is good reason for reading reviews before making any purchases online and this is no exception . All the other reviews that panned this game are right on , I have nothing much to add , other than thinking they should have changed the name of this game to Sopranos
 I was hoping for a free-roaming world type of game where you can rank up to be a memeber of Tony 's crew , but instead you are stuck within an extremely small an limited environment which feels constricting . It 's lame . I feel bad the guys lent their voices to this crummy game . It 's not that fun - yah you can fight guys and there 's some kind of special moves but it was all so boring that I could n't tell you how to even execute some of these moves - it 's a little complicated and not worth your time learning cause you get no special reward for executing them . Money is a complete waste in the game . Do n't bother collecting it for yourself as it serves no purpose whatsoever for the game itself . It 's weak . I rented it and won it in maybe 4-5 hours gametime . It 's not challenging in the least . I never died or lost a fight . I was n't even trying - just playing to see if it got good . Do n't waste your time . Go watch Season 1 again .
 Most of the reviewers summed this game up quite well . The guy who said he 'd rather play ET on his Atari 2600 could n't be more right . I 'm warning customers to not buy this game . I feel sorry for the people who do n't read reviews before buying games . It 's games by THQ that buy these big names from shows , movies etc and attempt to make the money by the name only , not the quality of the product . I wont ' get into details , I reluctantly rented the game already knowing it would be bad , but being a fan , I had to give it a shot . The only good thing about is the theme music rocks . Then the game starts . Terrible storyline , lack of any plot or motive to play , terrible gameplay , boring dialogue , mediocre graphics and overall mediocrity ! Heed the `` most '' of the reviewers on here , this is a bad game , and the show deserves so much better . The guy who gave this game 5 stars would n't make it in Tony Soprano 's crew for long , because Tony would n't have any part of it ! There are so many better games out there . If you need a game like this , The Godfather is worth a look , although that game could use some work too .
 The graphics are amazing , the voice-overs are from the real characters , and the play , although not allowing free roam , tells a very fun story ... That being said , I have never been more disappointed with a game in my life !!!!!! I played the game sparingly over the course of about 2-3 days , and would say that it only took me 5-6 hours of gameplay before beating it and getting made . Further , I only died twice , and used my gun no more than 2 or 3 times -LRB- most of the time you can just punch and grapple strategically , and win -RRB- . I think that had they taken more time and actually COMPLETED this game , it would have been one of my all-time favorites , but as it is , I am shocked that the best show ever made feels it appropriate to put their name on such an underachiever !
 When I bought this game , like most other people , I expected a free-roam , mission-based , `` Godfather '' or `` GTA '' style game . Unfortunately , six hours after peeling back the cellophane , I was left feeling unsatisfied . It felt rushed , like the game designers just got bored with the project . But that 's the problem with buying before renting .
 This game appeared quietly , despite being adapted from such a highly-acclaimed show ... and after the four or five hours it will take you to finish the whole thing , you 'll know why . This is not targeted to gamers as much as fans of the show as another novel bit of Sopranos merchandise . Given the source material , it 's a waste of a good opportunity.Where 's the rest of the game ? I have to applaud all involved for taking most of the main actors , their likenesses and voices , as well as real interiors -LRB- The Bada Bing , Satriale 's , etc -RRB- and convincingly digitizing them . Even the script fits into the continuity of the series and is more or less consistent with the show . They laid the grounds for a fun , if irresponsible and absurd game ... then they forgot the rest of the game.You play the illegitimate child of -LRB- the late -RRB- Sal ` Big Pussy ' Bonpensiero , which means Vincent Pastore appears in the game , continuing to milk his short tenure on the show . You 're a bum , basically , until Tony Soprano gives you a chance in his organization . Now you do errands for the Soprano family , interacting with the main characters on the show -LRB- Tony , Silvio , Paulie Walnuts , Christopher , the not-yet-dead Vito , etc -RRB- . The favors and missions all involve ... beating people . That 's pretty much the whole game , the same mission of beating people to death . This is not GTA Sopranos-style , or even a sad shadow of EA 's far , far superior The Godfather . You just click through the cut scenes , and then beat a few people to death ... in an alley , in a club , in a hospital , etc. . There is no driving at all . The gun play is rare and poor -LRB- weapons , aiming , the whole bit -RRB- . Besides , shooting people is dangerous as it brings heat . Better to beat people to death . A lot of people . There 's the nice feature of being able to pick up random objects to beat people with -LRB- chairs , crutches , bats , bottles , even a vacuum cleaner , if I recall -RRB- . And the beatings can be separated into two categories . On the one hand , you have wiseguys and punks that you run across in the Soprano family business . On the other hand are bystanders and wisemouths who make the unfortunate error of challenging your manliness -LRB- and ethnicity -RRB- . It gets comical , because you 're reduced to just clicking through the story to move it along , with no challenge from the gameplay . There are a lot of cut scenes with story and dialogue as you help young AJ throw a rave , and help Tony as he battles an old-school Philly mobster who does n't respect the fat man . Blah blah blah . It 's a few hours of fun for fans of the show , but the difficulty level is a joke . And yes , the game ends with you whacking out said Philly mobster.Not recommended for purchase unless you want to hawk it on eBay after , the game can be finished in a day . Real nice game for the kids , too . The young ` uns can learn the proper way shake people down and beat their heads to a pulp .
 I was looking forward to playing this game for some time when I first heard it was coming out . I bought the Godfather for my PSP in the meantime . Generally , I expect PSP games to have less depth and shorter playing time than a PS2 game . But in comparing these two games , the Godfather for PSP blows it away . The story had more depth . The lead character had more depth . And the gameplay was much , much better . I found the Sopranos game interesting for the first hour or two of play as I loved the ability to interact with the characters in the Sopranos . Even as simple as the game was , I was enjoying it . But then it ended ... and nothing had happened . I fought a bunch of guys by hitting the same buttons each time . I thought I was maybe a quarter of the way through the story ... and it was over . One word ... PATHETIC ! THQ should be ashamed to have put this out with their name on it .
 Man , I love the Sopranos more than anything . Been a huge fan ever since the beginning , but damit , what is with this pile of smoked trash ? I rented this sucker since it 's been blasted by reviews on Amazon , and I beat it in three and a half hours ! Plus , this is n't anything like the Mob . If there was any game that was absolutely more insulting and lame than the attempt at the Godfather , it 's the Sopranos . When are game developers going to wake up ? You all need two shots to the back of the head .
 Thank goodness like other reviewers I only rented this game . I beat it in less than four hours . The gameplay was unimaginative , the graphics sluggish , and the environments - while accurately rendered - were completely sterile . You 're basically told what to do through the whole game . On your way to complete pointless missions , you just beat a lot of people up . I finished this game feeling cheated . If I had actually paid $ 40 for it , I would have been furious because there 's absolutely no replay value here . The design of this game was completely rushed , and the makers were counting on the participation of the real actors to convince people that this thing was worth buying . If you 're interested in this game , just rent it . But be warned - you can never have that four hours of your life back . DO NOT BUY !
 i thought the game would be harder than it was . I thouht the game would be much longer and more interesting but really it was a big dissapointment . Dont waste your money
 I bought this game for my husband as an anniversary present . He only plays for an hour or two at a time and so for the first few hours he was really excited about the game and told me he felt like he was in the show . I thought I 'd found a good gift . Three days later he was moping around the house quite upset that he 'd finished the game and it was quite frustrating . Do n't buy this if you want to be entertained for more than 4-5 hours . It 's fun while it lasts , but does n't last long ! This game has so much potential , it was quite disappointing it did n't live up to it.We tried replaying the last scene several times as we were convinced there had to be another several levels , but alas that was truly it . With as wonderful and as huge a following Sopranos the series had , I ca n't believe they would risk their reputation by putting something this sub par out .
 Intially when I heard that this game was coming out , I was excited , big fan of the series , but after playing the game I was upset . The storyline is the best thing about the game . Most of the game play is crap the only good part is the enviroment interaction when killing somebody . The game is way too short . Overall , this game is not even worth renting .
 Game starts off great . The sound and the graphics look great but it 's a total flop . How can they even pawn this off for $ 40 when GTA , Scarface , and Godfather actually are semi-difficult to complete ? All-in-all , this is 1/3 of what a complete game should be .
 The game was too short and you are not given the freedom to do anything . It is the same thing over and over for each mission . The game was just one big advertisement for the show and nothing more .
 Like most people that will purchase this title , I 'm a huge fan of the series and while I was n't expecting to be blown away , this game is an utter dissapointment . THQ really phoned this one in , and are out to make a quick and dirty buck off the show 's loyal fans.I 'm not much of a gamer , and I finished this piece of crap in under 4 hours . No strategy is required at all . . You beat thugs up , then you beat more of them up , then you beat up a bunch of them and you get made . The end . I was seriously pissed when I realized I had finished the game.I wish I was exaggerating , but I 'm not . To make matters worse , the graphics are some of the worst I 've seen on the Ps2 . Do NOT buy this game , you will be sorry .
 Fun game , but WAY too short . I am not a great gamer yet I beat this game in two days .
 I think this game should be taken off the market because of the language and nudety . The makers of this game should be ashamed of themselves . I saw the series on HBO and this game is way more raunchier . i am just shocked that there are people who find this game fun and entertaining !
 I am a huge fan of the television show , but this game really disappointed me . I really do n't think that this game should have been released yet . I finished the game in less than 3 hours . I thought I was about to level up and the game was over . I died a total of 3 times , and I suck at video games . Way too short . This seemed like a demo rather than a full legnth game . I do n't the fact that I spent 39 dollars , and got so little for my money . Do not buy this game . Rent it if you want , but do not buy .
 I 'm sorry to say that this game is Weak . I was looking forward to some real Mafia gameplay . There is no free roam - you just follow the story line . I did more fighting than shooting . I finished it in 4 hours and only died 4 times . It kind of plays through like a movie you 're a part of b/c there are n't any options . The graphics are cool and the fact they did their own characters is cool - but it 's just not what I expected . Weak ...
 The Sopranos - Road to Respect is a Grand Theft Auto style game where you work your way up through the mob family , mission by mission . There is great voice acting - but less great gameplay.First off , you need to be prepared for how short this game is . I 've played games where the cinematics alone took up multiple hours , and to be honest with this game being based on a multi-year fantastic award winning series , with awesome actors , I was expecting that here too . However , the dialogue is often very trite , and there is n't nearly enough of it.You are not one of the main characters from the show - instead you are an up and coming punk , a bastard child of Big Pussy . You are of course given silly little tasks at first , but as you prove your worth , they give you more and more challenging things to do . Often you 're roaming around classic locations from the show.Here 's the problem . You would think with such a wealth of material to work from , and such fantastically complex , intricate plots , that they could easily pull off a multi-hour game . Sadly , that is not the case . Instead , you get a pretty straightforward series of activities that could come from pretty much any clone game.The graphics are not stellar , either . The PS2 has been out for enough years that some rather impressive graphics have been created for it . There were numerous issues with The Sopranos that , really , a game with this kind of backing should not have displayed.I do adore the Sopranos and admit it was fun to romp around in the Sopranos world . So let 's take it for granted that some sort of game in the Sopranos WOULD be made , and that it would involve the cast members . That is never really a question here . The question is whether that world is a quality done world . I 'm afraid the answer is - not really.Certainly , if you adore the Sopranos , rent this game to see what it 's all about . You 'll probably get through it long before the rental period is up , and only have spent a few dollars . If you find that you adore talking to `` real voice characters '' over and over again enough to own it , you can always buy yourself a copy at that point .
 When I heard the Sopranos game was coming out I figured , I would be playing one of the great games of the genre . This is a show that has changed the way mafia shows are viewed , so you would figure the game would break the same kind of ground . Boy , was I wrong.Everything from the graphics to the load times was horrendous . The game play is nothing more that button mashing and bare-knuckle fighting is really the only way to fight . Everytime you get into a scene and get going the game goes to a load screen . I found it very frustrating to hear the characters talk about things happening and you not actually doing them . Unfortunately because of the type of game genre it will always be compared to `` The Godfather '' , `` Scarface '' , and `` GTA '' . They in no way provide the fun these games did . It is short and unfulfilling with no cool unloackables and no iteresting weapons . The only unloackable to speak of is a Poker game , which is not very fun due to the fact that poker , is poker , is poker . I think that THQ missed the boat on this one . The potential for this game was limitless and may have ruined a Sopranos video game franchise.On the bright side , the voice over acting is great . Ca n't really go wrong there , it has all the characters and uses them well . The stroyline is not that bad either , but I felt like many other avenues could have been explored . Just like when you seem to get to the good part of the story the game is over.I was very surprised that this game did not live up to the great show that the Sopranos is.Gameplay 4/10Graphics 4/10Story 6/10Replay Value 2/10
 ... This game is very boring , it is the worst game I have ever played , the money is so slow . The people so weird , and the graphics are the worst in the world .
 The concept is interesting , but the application falls far short of the mark . The gameplay is very slow on an older machine , and even on 1.6 Pentium is poor . The golf course design applications are vey crude , especially in comparision to the golf architect functions in golf simulations like Jack Nicklaus golf or Tiger Woods . In addition , those products give you the opportunity to play the course.The challenges are very easy provided you have the patience to wait for enough money to come in for building the course , and you do n't mind endlessly chasing gophers . This is a poor imitation of good products like Roller Coaster Tycoon and Zoo Tycoon .
 I find this game interesting but not that fun . Activition did a great job on other games , but on this one crashed and burned . Activition found a fascinating topic but no real story line . I played Ski Resort Tycoon before but this one was different . I do n't know why but I found that Ski Resort Tycoon more interesting . You do n't see Golf Tycoon having Movie Theaters . I think this time Activision . was focosing more on the elderly folk . Other than that I think this game was ... ok .
 The games is ok but for some reason it runs very slow . If you have a fast computer you will enjoy it but if you have a slower computer you may not enjoy it like me ! .
 We tried this program on both a DELL and a COMPAQ laptop . The mouse control was miserable on both computers making course construction very difficult . The game video was extremely poor on the COMPAQ HPA screen and not really good on the DELL TFT screen . The setup video was bright and clear . The instructions are very poor .
 I bought it because the Amazon description states Lifetime Warranty , however the packaging and insert states 1 year only . I also wanted to see if it was more comfortable than the Nintendo brand controller . The `` C '' button is very difficult for my large hands to press , however it is slightly larger due to the `` gripper '' so that makes it a little more comfortable for extended periods of play.It seems to pick up the motion correctly even through the motion plus attachment . However the nunchuck is not recognized when attached through the motion plus on Wii Sports Resort.I will update when I contact Intec to check on the length of the warranty and the compatibility of the Motion Plus/Sports Resort.Bottom line - spend the extra buck or two and buy the Nintendo brand.Update : March 31 , 2010There appears to be no way to contact intec . They do have their address for returns , but there is no way to get an RMA , etc. . Their site seems to be new . It will not accept registration of products , prices for items are $ 0.00 , etc. . To top it off , the controller 's stick is malfunctioning after only about 15-20 hours of -LSB- hard core -RSB- playing . I knocked my review down one star to reflect this -LRB- to one star -RRB- .
 I bought them in a 2 pack . I liked them at first but we do n't use them a lot and now both have failed . The Nintendo brand nunchuk still works fine .
 Ok , let me say this first , I usually do not believe in leaving bad feedback for no really good reason . That being said , these controllers work great for the first 3 months or so . I love the concept of the rubber grip on the back . It helps to keep a grip on the controller when playing for a while and when your hand begins to sweat . I was playing Super Mario Galaxy and all of a sudden Mario just quit running . He would follow all the commands from the Wii remote but not the nunchuck . Mario got squished , lol , since I could not run . There is something wrong with the connection between the remote and the nunchuck . I would n't have thought anything of it and just bought another because I am a firm believer that even though that one broke , it does not mean that all of them will break . I figured I would give it another chance . Well , I did some investigating and about 75 % of all feedback I can find on them , not just on Amazon , have reported the exact same issues with them.So , I did give it 2 stars , just because while it works , it works really well . I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone until the manufactorer fixes the connection issues .
 I 've been working my way through a number of different off brand Wii controllers , nunchucks , etc. . These did n't last 3 weeks , neither of them . So far nothing I 've bought in the < $ 10 range has survived more than a month . Not ready to give up yet , but these were n't the ones .
 There is no question that with Nintendo drawing a close to the Nintendo Wii , and focusing its emphasis on the uscoming Wii U , many gamers are eager to see Nintendo 's next big step . But , with the Nintendo Wii , there are some accessories that not even Nintendo would consider recommending . That is the case with Intec 's Wii wired nunchuck controller . The device is not really a strong bet if you need a extra peripheral for the Nintendo Wii . Not only does it not handle well when you play games like Super Mario Galaxy , and The Legend Of Zelda
 This game sucks and is so short i beat it in 10 mins !! What a waste of money time and effort .
 This game is actualy more of an arcade game than a flight simulator . The helicopter is hard to control and the difficulty levels are confusing . The AI is terrible enemies show now logic exept to continualy fire at you , and your wingmen are useless -LRB- which realy does n't matter as they usually crash or get shot down within a few minutes -RRB- . The graphics are n't that bad but there nothing special and they are rather old . The sound is nothing exceptional either . The menu is almost imposible to navigate and the lack of any real tournament is a big dissapointment as well . And to top it all off the game always changes your windows sound configuration every time you play ! The sequel Comanche 4 is looking much better as far as graphics , AI , and a tournament so it might be worth picking up , but not Comanche Gold .
 it is fun when you start.but when you play it for a long timeit gets boring i got Delta Force Trilogy pack coming soon BUY THAT INSTED .
 Great game , easy to figure out functionality and fun to play . However ; when I upgraded my system to Windows 8 , it does n't work , even with administrative authority . Other than that , it worked great and I would have given it a 5 star rating .
 I have window 7 and there is no fix to make it play . Can you help ? Very disappointed after a long wait .
 I have every flight simulator , well just about every one that is on the market , this particular one F-22 in 1998 was up with it 's times but now you have to use compatability mode if you use Window ' a XP and set it for 98then the graphic 's are all broke up and will not take joystick comands , if you are a serious simulator pilot i dont recommend , if you are a collectore like my self it is worth adding to your collection as this is the beginning to the flight sim 's we get today , the game is playable but gets 2 stars for quality the general path of the game if it had better graphics and was remade to run XP would be a great game , this is just another attempt by novalogic to create a viable combat flight simulatorNovalogic need 's to take this game revamp it to modern standereds of 2007 and they will have a winner , if you use a older computer with windows 98 you may enjoy this simulator if it can be called on , but beware of glitchs and joystick , or lack ofsundance58
 Very disappointing . Game did not work . Put it in my older PC that use to have it , did n't work . Put it on my new PC and bought a new joystick . Did n't work . Should have bought new instead of used !
 THE PRODUCT IS FINE , BUT SHIPPING AND HANDLING OF $ 15.00 ON A PRODUCT THAT COST $ 2.99 AND WEIGHS PRACTICALLY NOTHING IS OUTRAGEOUS . I WOULD NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN . IT COULD HAVE BEEN SENT PRIORITY MAIL FOR LESS THAN $ 5.00 .
 It 's a nice case , but in order for you to charge or connect to USB , you 're going to have to remove it . Bad design flaw .
 Ever heard of Beatmania ? Probably not . Beatmania is a Japanese game where you hit buttons on a board and use a turntable to scratch with . It was first created in 1997 when Konami started their music game campaign in Japan , taking arcades by storm . The `` notes '' had to be in a timely order with what was on the screen.Fast forward to 2005 , and you have Guitar Hero . A game where you pick up a plastic guitar and strum to the modern and classic riffs of guitar bands . You had to play the `` notes '' in timely order of what was shown on the screen.Guitar Hero is `` cool '' -LRB- despite the 6-year-old looking plastic guitar -RRB- because of the music . In terms of innovation or orginality , there is none . Guitar Hero is exactly the same game that Beatmania is , but it has different music . The scoring system is the same , the level progression , even the breaks in the song if you screw up the riffs are the same as Beatmania . The only difference is you use a plastic guitar , while with Beatmania you hit big buttons on a board to annoying J-pop songs.Dave Chappelle said it best when he told his audience white people relate to electric guitar . This is exactly why Guitar Hero is so popular in North America right now . Red Octane simply took Beatmania , and made it for white people to enjoy . The music drives people to play this game , and the licensing will get everyone from a metalhead to a goth-emo kid wishing they were in a band after playing . This game will be a blast to play if you like or ever liked rock music.If Konami never released their music/dance games , Red Octane would be out of business . I think this game is fun for what it 's worth , but in terms of innovation , I 'd give it a zero . I endured listening to j-pop on Beatmania , so I 'm glad Red Octane made something worth playing for people in the states .
 I had bought this as a substitute for having the PSP repaired ; it had no impact . Also did not hear the motor humming inside the PSP as advertised . I had to have the PSP sent out for repairs .
 Primitive interface , buggy , boring , clumsy and not as clever as it tries to be . Advertisement claims it is similar to Fallout - not even close . Graphics are only passable - it is a mystery to me why the game fills 3 cds . Do n't buy .
 This is the first time I 've been burned with a game purchase . I should n't complain , but for the sake of warning others , here 's the scoop : Unfixed bugs.Game was out for more than half a year before patch came out . There are still major bugs after the update . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Custom bots on LAN games does not work . You set it for 4 , you get 3 , sometimes 2 . Sometimes on the wrong team . Unpredictable . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Team color not consistent with player setup -LRB- 3 -RRB- Game crashes every ten minutes -LRB- 4 -RRB- Quitting the game and then playing it again causes it to run in slow motion . Playing UT2003 then Quake3 causes Q3 bizarre slowdowns . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Weapon strength is completely out of whack.I 'm feeling less than thrilled with this game.Not only did I pay DOUBLE the price of the pc version , but I have to settle for a game that has major problems . I unfortunately am very doubtful that another patch will come.I only buy two games a year and I 'm really bummed out that I got burned.Watch for my copy on half.com for cheap !!
 I have never played FPS games before and was led to believe that Unreal Tournament 2003 was the be all and end all of FPS games . After one day of play , I do n't get what the big deal is all about . I found this game confusing and not worth the time to learn all the tips/tricks/cheats and info about weapons . I will be selling this on eBay if you 're interested !
 When I first got this , I put my Game Boy in it and was carrying it to my friend 's house when the seams broke and my Game Boy fell to the ground and shattered . Carrying your Game Boy in your hand is a much better idea .
 BLUF ... If you 're looking for a protective case ... this is n't what you are looking for.If you 're looking for a glare shield that works and are aware that without an extra layer of protection you will end up with a $ 200 paperweight ... well then enjoy the purchase.So much promise ... I bought this on my wife 's shared account thinking it would solve my travel issues with using the PSP in vehicles . And for the most part it did ... The Glare Shield may look goofy but it sure does work at cutting glare ! It covers most angles and allows you to see the game or movie even while outside in daylight . That in and of itself is a great deal . The price was right as I paid about $ 6 when totalled with shipping . That 's all that needs to be said on that.Now on to the one MAJOR drawback . It completely scratched my screen up ! I use a soft shelled case with my PSP so there 's not much room for movement . The design that 's used for cutting glare , also `` cuts '' into the screen . The top flap sits right against the screen at the top and rubs the screen . I have about 15 `` rub mark '' type scratches that will not come out . Since realizing this , I have used a small cloth like the one that came with my Ray Bans and lay that in between the glare shield and the screen . It works but it seems to me like they could have affixed some felt or something to that area and that would have kept my PSP from being ruined.If I had known this going into the purchase I would be fine but because of the fact that my PSP is ruined , I ca n't recommend it to anyone . To remove any thoughts of careless or improper handling , I am a 34 yr old Air Force MSgt with more than 16 years of active duty service . I made a living as a crew chief on F-16 's and know how to handle equipment . I am very responsible and careful with my gear . My PSP was scratch free until now as it was always put back in it 's case after use.Note that this is not a knock on the seller as I had no issues with them ... actually gave them great feedback as they got it to me quick . Just a poor product .
 I got this for my husband as a gift bc he LOVES the team BUT after using it for only about 3 weeks the RB button started to stick and now just does n't work . He was really upset and said `` you get what you pay for '' .
 Does not work with Nintendo Game Cube at all , only Black amd white picture with PS2 . Not Good at all !
 I reviewed this game awhile back after I had played it for a short time and had not finished working my way through the tutorials . Now that I have had a chance to play the game several times I want to change my review and the star rating.This is , superfically , the old Avalon Hill board game concept . I liked that concept a lot . With a board game , if something is going on that is just plain nuts the players just ignore it and go on with the game . A computer prevents that . So when crazy things start happening you just ca n't stop it.The game is very complex . So complex that it is ponderous to play . Common sense just is n't part of the process . At some very fundamental level I do n't understand this game . And I have played everything from Tactics II through France 1940 plus a lot of electronic computer games . I have read the manual -LRB- 80 + pages -RRB- and I have played through the tutorials . But when playing the game incomprehensible things go wrong . My units run out of supply , even when they are in the supply net . The Soviet side has little or no air support while the Germans are just busting with it . How is this possible in 1944 ? My units lose combat value rather quickly and fast manuver is just out of the question . I have noticed that even surrounded German units fight better than my unit -LRB- when I play the Soviet side -RRB- . So ... something is wrong with my game play . At this point I am about to give up . I have spent so many hours now just trying to master the basics of the game . I do n't think it is worth it to keep going . After all , this should n't be like taking a college course in a subject you hate.So the game is hard ? So what ? That alone would not lower my scoring to two stars . It is the game itself . It moves so slow . And as the commander you must constantly review the supply situation etc for each and every unit on each and every turn . If there were 20 units that would n't be so bad , but when you have to review hundreds of units the burden is amazing . That , along with a lot of other similar problems , sucks all the fun right out of the game.I think the programmers need to put in a level of subordinate command that would handle at least some of these details . It could toggle off and on just in case someone really wanted to do all of the supply detail and whatnot themselves for every unit . Another level of subordinate command might have some units move on their own or at least alert you that they had possible movements available . Reinforcements fall into that catagory . It is easy to forget to scan the supply centers and see if reinforcements are sitting there read to be moved . And that can be critical.Another really crummy idea was to make the artillery unmoveable without some kind of special circumstance . All artillery units in the real world have , built in , movement equipment or horses and most artillery can move and shoot very quickly . That is one reasons it was -LRB- and is -RRB- so effective . The set up time was minimal . In this game you can only move by clicking on extended move . Strange.I think they need to build in to every game a `` starter '' kind of game . Something with very simple rules to introduce the game player to the basics without a lot of fluff.The manual itself explain the rules but it does n't take enough time telling us WHY the rules were written in such a way . Trying to remember the rule in isolation is almost impossible . I remember a rule because it make sense in context . These rules have to be remembered out of context . Very hard.So , I still think this is an Ok game but I will probably not be playing it very often if at all . The slow moving , complex and non-intutive nature of the game play simply means the game is n't any fun .
 First off , let me say I 'm not a graphics junkie . I 'm still playing stuff like Icewind Dale II and enjoying it plenty on my aging Sony Vaio . But Titans of Steel was horrible - plenty of great gameplay ideas visually displayed in a manner reminiscent of `` Jumpman '' on my Commodore 64 some 18-20 years ago . Okay , maybe not that bad , but really - this is horrible . And everything -LRB- including graphics -RRB- is great up until the moment you actually take your carefully designed character out into the game to play . Then the extreme burdensome detail put into all the rules and calculations that determine battle effects immediately become exasperating , and you scratch your head in perplexity as to why such effort was n't put into the visual aspect . Did this game run out of money and get finished on someone 's home PC or something ???
 This is a terrible game . The previous reviews were glowing , so I thought I would try it out . However , as soon as I opened the package , I knew I was in trouble . The graphics are a nightmare -LRB- looks like it was created 20 + years ago -RRB- and the commands are burdensome -LRB- walk one space east , walk one space south , shoot , etc -RRB- . If you like retro games maybe this might be fun for you but for me I prefer older games like BattleMech many times over before I would retry this game . After I bought the game I noticed that many of the glowing reviews were written by the same person , bumping up the recommendation . My recommendation
 Dont waste your time . Horrible graphics , lousy interface , hard to understand . DONT buy this . Try ANY other game . Bought this game because its was `` cheap '' and seamed like a nice topic , i really regret wasting my hard earned money .
 The developers did n't do a good job at all.The graphics is sloppy and slow . I 've been playing hockey games since EA 's NHL 94 and this pretty much bring me back to that time.Don ' t waste your money on this game , no matter how much of a hockey fan you are .
 A strategy war game without real-time battles is not for me . The TOTAL WAR concept is my idea of the ideal strategy war game - a strategy `` board '' game with battles in real time .
 Even though i have yet to play this game , most other Matrix games are low budget and low quality . That is why i rate it 2 stars.To most people , hex-style , or 2D games are very uninviting and are n't the fast action shooters that use graphics to grab your attention . The best game that i have played is Hearts of Iron , by Strategy First . This game , although 2D , is the most strategic and fun to play game i have ever played , but it doesnt have a ton of fans due to the low-end graphics .
 1st generation strategy games : In the ` old ' days when I was a young laddy we use to play turn-based strategy games out of the box like ` Squad Leader ' which involved small cardboard ' 2-Dimensional ' -LRB- 2D -RRB- counters placed on hexagons covering the map . The downfall of these games was the length of time it took to make the calculations for each turn .2 nd generation games : Then computer software came along and recreated the 2D game and made the laborious calculations for us . This was a huge happening in the strategy game world ! 3rd generation games : As computer hardware improved publishers came out with 3D software graphics and high speed calculations . Again , this was a huge happening and is currently ' 2004 ' the standard by which all strategy games are judged.Unfortunately , `` Empire in Arms the Napoleonic Wars of 1805 - 1815 '' by Matrix Games is a computer software 2nd generation 2D game.Why would a game maker do this , you may ask ?? It is done because it is more effective and efficient , to make a 2D game . It costs them less to make a 2D game , thus increasing profits!However , the downfall is you will not get :1 -RRB- The immersion level of a 3D game ; 2 -RRB- The reality of a 3D game ; and3 -RRB- The tactics and strategy of a 3D game.There are many 3rd generation 3D games on the market that should be considered before buying this game . Send the publishers a message : DO N'T BUY OUTDATED SOFTWARE !!!
 This is the second game I have purchased from Matrix Games , and it is the second game to disappoint . I have now spent nearly -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for war games that simply ca n't be played.The game takes the airborne assault in World War II named Operation Market Garden and makes game out of it . The screen shots and the web site for the game make it seem easy to play and full of flexibility . Instead the game is very hard to play and short on flexibility . And the game is expensive . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- is a lot of money to spend on something that does n't work.In the game , which I have now spent several hours trying to learn , the Allies are air dropped into certain locations , just as in Market Garden , and given objectives that must be reached in a certain amount of time . As the commander of the either the air dropped troops or the German defenders you make your decisions based on the objectives which have been assigned by higher headquarters.You then assemble your troops -LRB- and this is a real problem -RRB- , click on a path they will follow to the objectives , and then tell them -LRB- by clicking on a button -RRB- how fast they will travel , what formation they will use , what they will do at the objective etc. . Seems easy enough , but it is n't easy at all . Choosing troops and giving orders should be the easiest part of the battle . The hard part should be assessing the results and changing plans as the battle develops . And changing the orders should be simple as well.But none of this is simple . Selecting the forces to send is almost impossible . The forces are stacked so it is very hard to choose one unit from another . And if you click on an HQ unit all the units for that HQ are chosen . Then you have to start all over again . Changing orders is nearly impossible , especially while the battle is underway . So once you have decided on a course of action that is about it.The tutorials are just worthless . The instructions tell you to choose a certain unit , but finding that unit is next to impossible . The manual , supplied in the game box , is written in type so small that I have to read it with a magnifying glass . The manual seems to assume you have memorized the game rules as the step by step instructions to accomplish something often leave out important facts - and steps you have to take before you make the move or whatever . Whoever writes these tutorials is far to familiar with the game.The real problem goes far beyond some of these points on difficulty to learn and play . What occurs in the game is the objectives are assigned by higher headquarters . The places that are to be attacked and seized , and in what order , are given to you when the game play starts . This limits what you can do as a player . In essence , the flexibility of the game is gone . In order to win you must commit your troops in a pre-set manner or else the timing of taking the objectives will be off . It is a points battle , and if you do n't achieve the preset objectives you just lose.So , like Palus at Stalingrad , you ca n't do anything except what Hitler -LRB- higher command -RRB- tells you . So you have a purely tactical situation in which your objectives and timing have been pre-determined . Thus , your options are highly limited and you must lock step to the tactics dictated by the game . No flexibility.Some reviewers on other sites have said this is the most powerful game engine in existence but if that is true no game is worth buying . I have recently bought Korsun Pocket and I dislike that game as well . Both games are nearly impossible to play . One site reviewer estimate this game would take one hour to learn . Who are these people kidding . I ca n't even read the manual in one hour . The tutorials are poor and very difficult to follow . A total failure as a game in my opinion.As I have said in my review of other Matrix war games , the game itself needs levels where most of the operational complexity has been removed so the new player can concentrate on learning one aspect of the game before others are thrown in . Trying to learn all of them at once is just impossible . And no fun.A game should be fun . This one is n't .
 This is the most boring game in the world . Amazon has it listed under adventure games but it is a puzzle game , and one puzzle over and over again . Snore . Any price is too much .
 This is for Windows 3.1 or 95 . Disappointed because hoping for a newer version as promised in description . Too old to work with Windows XP
 This game is frustrating and will make you want to bust your TV , if not your Playstation . Say what ! , the only way to advance is to get first place ? Okay , after time and time again , once you know the courese and can probably race it blind folded you can get it . You ever play Driver ? Remeber the very last level when you drive the president and these black cars are constantly ramming you ? Think of how that made you feel . You will get that same feeling when you place this game .
 This game was good at the time it was made , but there r better street racing games . If u want a good MC game then get MC 3 DUB edition .
 for this Game it is a great game for racers alike but ... as far as the order is concerned : the person whom I ordered it from gave me a faulty item
 I do n't own this game . BUT - I 've seen it played on a PS2 -LRB- I own an XBox -RRB- . Overall , I was unimpressed . The graphics look old and the towns crackling with pixelation . Kind of like the games I was used to on our old computers ... nothing compared to the smooth , defined glow of the graphics Burnout 3 has on Xbox . You start with total crap for a car , and are supposed to build up as you `` break into the underground '' . Really , you go crawling around in your tank - it says you 're going 120 but it looks like you 're going 35 . Honest , I could imagine one of the pedestrians grabbing a skateboard and keeping up with the cars!In Burnout 3 , you literally rocket through the levels , flying at crazy speeds weaving in and out of traffic . Gets you excited . I watched someone drive their car in Midnight around for a while and about fell asleep ... plus , no car damage , or not much . The old school `` shove others out of the way , my car 's invincible '' gag.Maybe it 's just me . Maybe Burnout 3 spoiled me , or I just have alternate tastes . But I do n't get why so many gamers stand behind sub-par games . Silent Hill 4 was supposed to be good - CRAP . Halo 2 , perhaps the biggest game ever , was hyped to the max - BOR RING . Maybe I 'm just got particular tastes in games that I just have to realize , for I 've been disappointed recently.Want good games , I suggest Burnout 3 , Wolfenstein for a shooter -LRB- its okay -RRB- and Mortal Kombat Deception -LRB- bloody good fun -RRB- . But I do n't recommend this . Ugh .
 this is the worst racing game ever . it may have been goo din 2001 but by todays standerds its horrible . gta is so much better . the entire game is very dark worse than any ive seen . dont buy this - despite its good rep.
 The reason I am saying this game sucks is because after at least 1-4 months I quit playing this . I have not played this game for more than over 2 months , last time I played this game was probably in May.Good : NONEBad : Poor Voice ActingYou are not able to customize your carsFor those of you who plan on buying this game , do not , because this game really sucks .
 Do n't let young kids play this game . Street racing is pretty fun , with all the turns and so on . But when there are people walking in the street you 're racing on , then hit them it turns out to be a pretty dumb game.Your racing around a corner and wham ! What just hit the windsheild !? You ca n't even slow down in time to miss the poor little person in the road.This is how the game works , you find a racer in a city , flash your brights , follow the racer around the city trying to miss the people walking on the street and the side walks , you follow to the next big race -LRB- 6 cars -RRB- , you race , hitting people with your car , turn a corner , hit more people , race on a freeway , take an exit , turn a corner , hit more people , and do the same thing over and over again.This game is just plain stupid.Try something like GT3 or 4X4 EVO , these are `` clean '' racing games.Game Wizard
 This was the worst game I have ever played . I am an avid gamer with some of the best records known in gaming history , and I will tell you , all my fellow gamers out there , that this has to be the most pointless , stupid and boring game that has ever existed on this planet . Not to mention the graphics ... . Do n't waste your money on it - it 's not worth it . Rather spend it on GTA Vice City - way better use of your money folks . Outie .
 My 8 year old son was so looking forward to this game , and likes to play it because he likes answering the questions to see how high he can get , but he 's wound up in tears over the nasty comments made by Regis -LRB- paraphrase - `` It 's OBVIOUS the correct answer is ` c ' - DUH ! '' -RRB- , and is frustrated when tricks not found on the show like the phone a friend person not being home fouls up the game . Perhaps older children or ones that are less sensitive may find this funny , but if your child is sensitive at all or you are trying to teach your child good sportsmanship , I would definitely not recommend this game .
 This Who wants to be a millionaire kids edition is the weakest version in the bestselling game series other than millionaire sports editon . I was actually able to win the million three times but then things started to change . Regis orders you around three times then calls you a cheater when you try to enter your provided cheat code sometimes given to you when you win the million . Second Regis if you do n't enter any name becomes a lifeline thief and steals your lifelines . Now how is that supposed to help you win the million ? I was very discouraged when Regis said no lifelines . Regis needs to sound more nice ... . And yes Regis that is my final answer
 This stuff is junk . The rubber pad wore off and then slipped off the joystick . The range sucks as does the pairing . Pay the extra for something better .
 I love Hereos of Might and Magic 3 with the Armageddon 's Blade add-on . I find it to be a fantastic turn based strategy game with role playing game elements . The whole game has a certain `` hobby board game '' feel to it as well . This product above is nothing more than the old HOMM3 with a few new terrain sets , 12 artifacts , and a handful of scripted scenarios for the price of $ 40 . This is bad for existing fans of HOMM3 . Secondly , NO new monsters , heroes , or buildings are added . Thrirdly , to date , NONE of the new terrains or artifacts work with the randomized map generation -LRB- with no plans to implement this according to NWC CSR -RRB- . Lastly , the game will not work at all if you install HOMM3 : SOD with Armageddon 's Blade , despite the press releases and what is stated clearly on the game box .
 I expect more from Disney , and certainly from Pixar . The opening video sequence is of the quality I expect . The game itself looks like it should come on a floppy disk and be played in a DOS window . Graphics are truly Atari style and the game is so hopelessly out of date , that I ca n't imaine any kid wanting to play it more than five minutes . My seven year old was thrilled when he unwrapped this Monsters , Inc game for his birthday gift . I 'm afraid he will be in tears when he actually tries it this morning .
 I thought my 6 year old grandaughter would like this game since she loves computer games and she also loved the movie `` Monsters , Inc '' . Wrong ... She was n't able to play it , was completely bored , and even her dad found it to be a real `` dud '' . Do n't waste your money when there 's games available like Freddie Fish or Putt-Putt which cost the same and are really great to play !!
 One of the best movies ever , gets one of the worst games ever . This game will ruin bowling for anyone . The game is frustrating because the ball will run into objects in the alley , unless you guide the ball with the arrow keys . Guiding the ball is tough , because it only moves a little , not enough to get around an obstical . If you try to move it faster it will go into the gutter . Do n't buy this game ! In short , this disc is one expensive coaster .
 I got this to play with my sons on the computer because I am terrible at computer games expect for easy games like bowling , etc. . My kids are great at games and even they had trouble with this one . It is very difficult to guide the ball around the objects in the alley and the scoring is hard to follow . My kids hate it and want me to throw it out ! I wanted to give this a `` no star '' rating but you have to put in at least one .
 I bought if for my 4 year old , and she lost intrest in less than 5 minutes . When an adult has a rough time playing it - it has to be bad ! Keep looking for something else to play .
 Get mario kart not his booring crap forget about your child and buy him/her a mario kart double dash its way more better !
 This game has no point ... ! The battleing is fun for a while then its sooo boring , ... This game is short boring and is a piece of ... I advise you to not waste your mony on this junk . ... so dont get this game !!!
 For a racing game that is just supposed to be fun ... it was n't . The tracks are confusing , especially in multi-player mode . The sound effects -LRB- voices -RRB- while racing are annoying . The `` camera '' angles make it hard to see the track ahead . All around , it just was not a whole lot of fun.As a fan of Mario Kart , I was expecting more of the same , but maybe a little different . Mickey 's Speedway is a very bad spin-off of Mario Kart .
 For a racing game that is just supposed to be fun ... it was n't . The tracks are confusing , especially in multi-player mode . The sound effects -LRB- voices -RRB- while racing are annoying . The `` camera '' angles make it hard to see the track ahead . All around , it just was not a whole lot of fun.As a fan of Mario Kart , I was expecting more of the same , but maybe a little different . Mickey 's Speedway is a very bad spin-off of Mario Kart .
 This has to be the worse game i 've ever bought . The graffics are horrible . The controls make me wonder if this game was ever tested , and the lenght of the game ... there is none . I finished this game in about 1 hour , 55 minutes of it getting use to the controls . In tournament mode , you surf on about 5 different waves and that 's it . Other than that , there is a vs. screen , but why ? DO N'T BUY THIS !!!!!
 I have been surfing for 14 years and have been stoked that a surfing game is out for the PS2 . I think that even if I had low expectations I would have been totally disapointed when I first put this game on my console ... . the controlls are so bad ! The graphics is so terrible ! The game itself is confusing and does not reflect at all the surfing scene as it is today . I am asking EA BIG , please give us a surfing game worth buying . And for the rest of you a lesson , if a game costs 19 dollars and the rest cost 50 , well , there is a good reason for that .
 This has to be the worst game out for PS2 . Not even worth the 25 bucks I spent on it .
 I rented this game recently and it had awesome graphics and ok gameplay , but the loading was horrible . Everything on that game had to load . Even the loading screen had to load.Tricks were really cool on the game ... if you could do them . Most of the time you would hit the wave at the wrong point and crash or pull out.I would consider this game an okay game to rent , but pointless to buy .
 Control is absolutely horrible . I do surf and have for 15 + years . The control on this game makes it worthless in my opinion ...
 I was smart enough to rent this first , it is the worst surf video game ever created ... and that is being nice.This could have been a good game if the designers made it more of a fluid motion on the board , insted you have to push the control button up & down non-stop ... SAVE YOUR MONEY , this game is n't a good deal at 160 % off ... You will want to break your controler and TV if you play it ... chas
 Well here we are . . H30 ! 1 YEAH wait um , how the . ? . why?oops -LRB- wipe out -RRB- That is what you will be saying when you play thisgame . Then after about 30 minutes you will throw your controller down and curse Sony for putting out a game like this . I -LRB- a surfer -RRB- was all excited to see this game come out , but was very dissapointed the controls are just hmmm hwo to say this nicely STUPID . THe bottom lineis save your money . Hopefully they will put a game out that is easierto control . the graphics are cool , and the idea of the game is great , but the ... controls just are horrible . Rent it first see what you think .
 since when do you press up on the analog stick to go right and down to go left . The controls are very bad its hard to do a trick and you really ca n't play with someone who never played , unless you spend over an hour teaching them how to play also the game is short . I really do n't have anything good to say about this game ...
 My gosh , this has to be THE WORST game PERIOD . This game is so bad I sat their and cried . This game is just , ugggh , just so bad . ... This game looked fun but now I think it 's so bad I 'll actually feel like doing my homework .
 this is truley one of the worst games i have ever played . i 'm in the ocean almost everyday and i was very excited to see this game come out . but its ohrrible . most of the time you just surf a wave -LRB- really just a blue slope -RRB- collecting floating orbes for points . ... . this game is very very bad
 i have only played this game once , but i really wanted to try a surfing game ... there is not much out there , i 'd rather waste my time playing cod or halo .
 Was thinking about buying this game , so I rented it . A TOTAL Waste of time . Controls are impossible . Counterintuative . Graphics are hardly PS2.PLEASE ! Do n't even rent this game .
 This game is very appealing visually , but it needs a rework of the control interface . The only way I was able to make any progress - and even minimal progress at that - was to hold the controller wrong -LRB- sideways , with the dPad at the top and the X/O/Tri / Square buttons at the bottom -RRB- . I figured maybe I 'm just not good at it ... even though I 'm usually pretty good at most games , at the very least after a lot of practice . So I let a few other people play - all different ages and levels of experience . Everyone agreed - stay away from this one!Now , if they fix the controls in a new H3O ... I 'll rent it and give it another shot !
 I own this game i bought it at the Circut City in Vestal NY i got it and i thought it was gon na rock and be one of the best games out there i had to choose between surfing h3o and ssx snowboarding i now regret getting surfing h30 on top of that i didnt even get the surfboard to put on your dualshock 2 analog controller .
 This game is so bbbbbbbbbad . Who ever likes this game is messed up in the head.I spent $ 30.00 on it . Which was 30.00 $ to much .
 When i went to the store i had no intention of buying thisgame . However , surrounded by ... games i found this game for ... I figured if it is priced ... less it ca n't be great but hey , i like surfing it cant be that bad , can it ? Well yes , it can . Surfing H30 just plain ... The game is hard to master , and has horrible controls . WHy would you have to press the R3 button down to stand up ? They do n't take advantage of the PS2 control which can handle more than the anolog and R buttons . Also , the camera angles are horrible . Whenever you turn the angle switches , i almost ... my food let alone my money . This game is made by an ameteur company who has no right producing a game at this point . Get some more experience before you try and come out with an enticing ps2 game . Bottom line if you see this game with a bargain price tag , pretend it just is n't there .
 Sheesh ! Does this game stink ! I had read the bad reviews before buying it but decided to give it a try , mostly because I really like SSX and Surfing H30 seemed similar . Save your money . The graphics are lousy , the action unrealistic , and the control functions are n't intuitive . The training video is nearly impossible to follow , so you 're pretty much on your own trying to figure out how to play . If you really want surf-like action , buy SSX and pretend you 're in Hawaii .
 I bought this game without renting it first , oops ! this game should be recalled it is so weak . If you like surfing you will love to take this game and pee on it . I didnt get the little surfboard either , that was 70 % of the reason that I bought the game . Everybody , write rockstar an email telling them to send me 49.99 in the mail .
 If you have ever surfed or for that matter have ever plaayed an enjoyable video game , do not punnish yourself by purchacing this game . The wave and the riding is terrible . First of all every time you cut back in this game the nose of your board goes under water , which in real life would send you flying over the front of your board . And another thing that caused this came to be a dismal failure is the controls , in my opinion they were to aquard . They have you using both analog sticks to stear the front and back of your board which just gets confusing . I live on Maui and do surf and I can honestly say the going outside and learning to surf would be easier than playing this game . I played mine for a day before I pawned it off . So in short , do yourself a favor and DONT BUY THIS WORTHLESS GAME .
 I beat this game in 1 hour , that 's how easy it is . I ca n't wait to return it and get some money because it was a Xmas present . I would have never paid good money for this s ** t !
 This lackluster effort from Rockstar is extremely disappointing . The game play is generic , the graphics reek of N64 , and above all , this is absolutely nothing like surfing . Instead of concentrating on cutbacks and bottom turns , you spend all of your time collecting buoys in order to gain enough points to advance to the next level . I wish that every set brought the perfect wave and paddling into that wave was effortless . According to this game that is how easy it is . I bought this game in hopes for a somewhat realistic simulation , but I was sadly mistaken . Also , I unlocked all of the levels , surfers , and surfboards in about 4 hours . If any developers read this , please realize that there is a large market for a realistic surfing simulation .
 This game was the worst game ever ... . I ` am like a proffesional surfer and this is just terrible ... . DO NOT BUY IT ... . I REPEAT DO NOT BUY IT
 This game is SO bad , i would rather watch cheese grow mold . I mean , seriously , the waves look like blocks of ice . I 've never seen anything so pathetic . Every time i play it , i usually end up throwing the controller and screaming at the top of my lungs . Sometimes i smack my head against the wall . The controlls are SO HARD that i usually get a big blister on my thumb . Yeah , gross , i know right ? Well , you want it to happen to you ? You wan na be smackin your big air head against the wall ? You want goo spillin out your big fat thumb ? If you do , go ahead and buy this game . Have fun in the hospital .
 Surfing H30 has all the workings of a good game . Rockstar Games has the PS2 graphics engine down pat , as they have shown with Midnight Club Street Racing , and now Surfing H30.H30 's water effects are the best I have seen since Wave Race 64 for the N64 . The music is a few alternative tracks , which works well with this game . The problem with H30 , is the somewhat difficult control , and the lack of Variety.After surfing a few levels with various surfers , I was impressed with the graphics but I really did n't feel like there was a need to play this again . There is little , to no variety in each level , and this makes it pretty tough for an individual to keep playing a game.This game could have worked better if it was packed in with additional watersports , such as jet skiing , water skiing etc. . Unfortunately it was not.Bottomline , if you have to have a surfing title in your collection , Surfing H30 is your only choice . The lack of variety , and difficult control will have you using this disc as a drink coaster in a short period of time.I 'd recommend renting this game , but I would not purchase it .
 The gameplay is Terrible ... Controls are Terrible . Is it Rockstar that came out with this game ? Did n't they also make Midnight Run ? Well , SHAME ON THEM for putting out such a poor excuse for a game . This is THE WORST game I have ever played on the PS2 ... If you are still determined to get this game , or are suckered by the 5 star reviews , AT LEAST GO RENT IT ... THAT WAY you waste less money . I would go through ALL the reasons why this game is bad , but I thought , Why not go through all the reasons the game is GOOD ... MUCH shorter LIST ... Ready for it ? 1 . NOTHING about this game is good ... . Happy gaming ...
 I think this is the worst PS2 Game out there . When I returned it to the store -LRB- Wal-Mart -RRB- they said NO returns after the package was opened but when I told them how BAB it was they understood and said I could have any other PS2 game of my choice . Surfing H3O is very hard to play , graphics suck . there is a lot better games to spend your money on . I would n't play this game if it was FREE .
 I am a really big fan of SSX . When I saw H30 out in the store , I thought to myself `` It must be like SSX but on water '' . WRONG ! This game is terrible , the graphics are terrible , the controls are terrible , and the whole concept of the game is terrible . So after five minutes of playing , I was kicking myself for not reading any reviews of this game before I went out and -LSB- purchased it -RSB- . I really can not believe who could create and release such a poor game to the public .
 This game is weird . it has ok wave graphics , and terrible human graphics . it has pitiful controls . it is hard to master but one you do , its way too easy . i would not buy on any day unless you want a. . . bad game .
 We bought this game for our 7 year old , naturally we wanted to check it out too . It is quite possibly the worst game that I have ever played -LRB- even worse than PONG -RRB- . It is extremely hard to get into . I do not recommend this game to anyone .
 So much potential , wasted . Ecco the Dolphin is more fun than this farce . Memo to Amazon.com video game buyers
 but as a chemistry major , i know that if you tried to go surfing in H30 , you 'd dissolve . Would n't be pretty .
 This game is terrible i would never recommend this game .
 IT WAS GIVEN TO ME AS A GIFT AND I WILL NOW RETURN IT.THANK GOD I DIDNT OPEN IT UP
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer
 I love Buffy but I hate this game . It is a little hard to control at times and is generally uninteresting . Oh well .
 You might as well light a ... bill on fire than spend it on this game , because you 're more likely to derive entertainment from watching your money go up in smoke . The controls on this game are stiff and frustrating , level design is unimaginative and you are constantly forced to restart , and the music is so tinny and annoying that it borders on self-parody . It would be really cool to play Buffy and her friends as they stake vamps -- but this is n't the game to do it with .
 I bought this game off the hype I picked up from this site and these exact reviews . Bad idea , thats fifty bucks I 'll never see again . Oh , the pain . My wallet is woeing . To be honest , the game is `` presented '' well , but at a total loss . I used the cheat code to open all of the 9 weapons available and I was STILL highly dissapointed . You 'd expect some cool laser weapons or high speed action , like Raiden , but I could n't find myself playing longer than 10 minutes at a time . It is SOOOOOOOO boring . The graphics are super high speed . You ca n't even differentiate the background and the active environment -LRB- hence the one star -RRB- . All in all , Silpheed was a total dissapointment and even bigger let down -LRB- if thats possible -RRB- . If I would have rented this game first I probably would have returned it back to the rental place that day . I 'm still upset that I wasted fifty bucks on a game that takes up space on my shelf . For those who liked the game , more power to you . It must make the programmers happy that someone is enjoying it ... because I sure did n't . Happy game fishing , and throw this one back in the water .
 Graphics - 1/5Very low poly count for a PS2 game . Horribly bland art design.Game Control - 3/5Controls feel sluggish but are thankfully simplistic.Gameplay - 2/5Extremely generic shooter , but has decent challenge at least.Story - 1/5Although some work went into it , the story is far too cheesy and generic.Music - 1/5Bland as all get-out . Sounds like it was pulled from a PS1 BGM bargain bin.Overall Score - 1.6 / 5Qualities range from mediocre to horrible . I do n't recommend this purchase for anyone ; it is easily the worst space shooter I have ever had the misfortune to play .
 A Father 's Day gift , otherwise I would not even have touched it . Why anybody would knowingly pay ... for a 1970 's vintage scrolling shooter game for the PS2 is beyond me ! What a waste of code and processor power ! Nothing original here , nothing exciting , nothing new in the two-dimensional arcade-style scrolling shooter . And the packaging is somewhat deceptive in leading one to believe it is a modern PS2 sort of game.Yeah , it does take advantage of the additional polygons the PS2 can generate to bolster the images as they scroll by , but why bother ? I was bored after 10 minutes and disappointed that there was n't a three dimensional environment to explore instead of repetitive Galaga-style bugs streaming past you . There are far better and more modern space shooters available , like Starwars Starfighter , which really takes advantage of the PS2 's power.For Working Designs to charge ... for re-releasing this ancient technology with slightly updated graphics is a pure ripoff .
 The graphics are pretty good . The controls are o.k. . However - The mission objectives are unclear . The mech customization is limited . The missions become difficult quickly . The background dialog is annoying . Weapon and special equipment specs are not spelled out . I quit playing after the fourth mission and I do n't think I will ever pick it up again .
 I 'm glad I rented this game first , it really stinks and the graphics are not that good , for a playstation2 , that is . This game is pretty borring too . All I have to say is , rent it first .
 Im giving this game 2 stars and thats just because im really nice . First of all this game is horrible . You have no raidar so you cant see your enemy , the graphics are terrible , your guns suck and last of not least i would of had more fun spending my ... dollars on bubble gum then buying this game . I could go on but i wish to stop just to be nice to the people who made this game .
 i gave this game 2 stars and thats just because im a nice guy . the game play is horrible , you have no radar only for a light that goes off when you get close to a bad guy , the graphics are more suitable for a nintendo 64 game , and last but not least i would of had more fun buying bubble gum for ... dollars then this game .
 This storage case would have worked OK , but the zipper was broken when we received it , so it stores the games , but can not be closed . It would be nice if someone would make a simple , slotted plastic box that would hold 25-30 or even 50 games in one place . The individual cases are nice for day to day transport , but not functional for finding the game you want in a collection of games . Also , you can not see the game title through the plastic . Other than throwing them in a drawer -LRB- not allowed -RRB- my sons have no convenient storage spot .
 First you dance , then you run . IC is a game fueled by curiosity , as long as you do n't blow your top . You never know what will happen next . First , dance in a parappa the rappa style button pressing to the beat of music that is really off beat . This game is clearly a japanese game poorly made into an English version . The character Yano has to dance , I do n't know why . Then a wrecking ball hits the building and you have to run from it . It is quite difficult but once you get the hang of it , you progress . If you like weird story type games , you 'll like IC .
 I was unable to get past the frustrating `` Parappa '' style first level so I ca n't recommend this game . After 20 minutes of not getting anywhere , I gave up and threw it away . -LRB- And I was able to beat `` Parappa '' so I know I 'm not totally inept at this sort of game . -RRB- There 's no difficulty option , nor is there a way to skip levels . Do n't waste your time .
 A friend of mine has this game . i found it really annoying and frustrating . It 's to difficult to play . i could n't even get past the first level . i recommend borrowing it from someone who owns it or rent it somehow instead of buying it .
 The battery is handy to have as a backup and works fine . The mini screwdriver , however , is useless . It does n't work to open the battery compartment and is more likely to strip out the screw or scratch the back of your SP before it even begins to turn the screw . I 'm on the lookout for a replacement screwdriver but for now I use one of those ` eyeglass repair ' kits . The screwdriver in there works ok , but I 'm sure there 's a better one somewhere .
 I recently purchased this extra battery for my gameboy advance sp and i must tell you that the intallation process is extremely difficult . . They provide you with these specially made minature philips screwdriver but u end up scratching the bottom of your gameboy if you put too much pressure on the screw . The battery took some time to slide it in cause there are small gaps you have to match with the batteries direction . . But when you finish intstalling the battery there will be no problem in recharging it . . I wish they would make a better screw driver to remove the battery inside ...
 you can buy an official battery at the nintendo store online of the same quality for $ 15 dont find yourself buying ths and oh yea it is the right picture .
 i was looking for a case for my son 's gba sp . rhinoskin makes one that is anodized aluminum . fits perfectly , and you can still play the game while it is in this cover .
 The only reason I bought this case was due to the fact that it was made of aluminum . I thought it would be a nice , sturdy case that I could keep my SP in . Unfortunately I am very disappointed . The case looks and feels very cheap . The metal is very thin and does n't feel sturdy . But it will hold a Gameboy just fine , if that 's all you want .
 I loved the way this worked at first ... I was able to see everything much more clearly . Then , after 6 months of use , the magnifier screen would n't stay up because it loosened up . I could n't find any way to tighten it either . Too bad ... I found a different brand that works and actually does n't have a frame .
 It does magnify and it 's great that it folds flat to the GBA , but both of ours broke within the first year . The screws loosen and , no matter what we tried , they would not stay tightened . One magnifier lost its ' screws and the plastic broke on the other . Unfortunately , I 'm on-line looking for a better alternative .
 The case broke coming out of the package ! Not well put together . I 'm afraid it wo n't hold up on the road , and that pretty much defeats the purpose .
 this thing dose n't work . even when it is fully charged the psp wo n't even recognze it so it wo n't charge AT ALL.do not waste your money on this product .
 Have tried this thing several times , did n't seem to put out enough power to even maintain my battery level on my psp let alone really charge it . Great idea , just does n't work that well , takes way too long even in direct sunlight to fully charge a psp .
 Who said this was scary ? Must 've been a real whoosie ... The game is awkward in it 's controls and it 's annoying trying to recharge . The graphics are good , but scary ? C'mon ... If you think this is scary you must 've led a sheltered life ... I love exciting games and this one bored me ... I would n't reccommend it to anyone who has a short attention span ...
 As with the first two installments , this RE episode is boring after a few minutes . You have to be a little girl to be scared by this game ! The biggest sin is the high difficulty level . Not worth your money .
 It 's another chance to wander round shooting zombies , but anyone who has played either of the previous installments will see this as a dull rehash with absolutely nothing new to offer . Effectively little more than an add-on pack of extra environments for RE2 . If only they 'd combined those two games , they might just have made something half decent . Capcom should realise that these games are n't getting any better , and at the same time they 're obviously getting more predictable and unoriginal . The time has come to stop making them . Still , we 're talking about the company who were still making Street-Fighter games post 1993 , so what can we expect ...
 Bought this when I had windows 98 and it worked fine . Put Windows xp on my computer a few days later and all it will do is play the opening cinemas , then lock up . Can not find any patches or drivers . Thanks Xp for not letting me play my game .
 It doesnt seem to work on XP but works fine on ME and below . I just Think it 's too slow to change views and not a hard core FPS game . But good to waste time while not doing something important .
 I 'm kinda annoyed at the fact that it is not compatible with Windows 2000 . Most software makes that clear on the box , but this one does not . It says minimum 95/98 . . usually minimum means higher is better . I could n't tell you how fun this game was because I frankly , coul n't run it . Please be advised !
 Dino Crisis ? this game was a crisis , that 's for sure . This had to be the worst game I ever bought . The controls are lousy , the characters have no dimensions . I threw it in the trash after a few hours of playing .
 I bought this thinking it was an all-in-one S-Video/audio cable , and it is n't . It has a separate digital audio cable , a feature not many people even use . Why it 's like this is beyond me , but the product description does n't do a very good job relaying this information , and as a result I wasted my money buying this product .
 I bought this cable and did n't notice that much of a difference . I noticed more of a difference with the S-Video cable on a different television.If you want a Monster Cable , stick to S-Video and above . Just my opinion .
 The cable does offer superior picture and sound quality as the product claims . There is a flaw with the cable however . For almost -LSB- money -RSB- you would expect a better connector from the cable to the PS2 system . The monster cable connector is not quite a tight enough fit which causes it to make a bad contact . The symptoms you might get are flickering on the screen and slight loss in sound or sound quality before the connection is lost without warning while playing . Not only is this annoying but it is also frustrating when you hit a tense spot in a game and then have to pause it to correct the problem . I would have expected a lot more for my money ! I should mention that my PS2 is ALWAYS stationary and is not moving at all when the connection is lost . This situation while aggrivating , is not all that bad but I would recommend a different cable for anyone who has all of their A/V equipment jammed in a cabinet and can not get to the connectors easily .
 In October , I purchased a brand-new JVC television for my PS2 . Along with it , I purchased the Monster Component Cable . I hooked up the cable many times , at least 3 dozen , and no matter what I tried , all I ever got wasd the black and white picture from the Y cable . For some reason , the Pb Pr connectors were n't working . Apparently , the reason they were n't working was because my television was n't compatible with Pb Pr , only with Cb Cr . So , just a warning . If you own or are purchasing a TV in the future , make sure that it 's compatible with Pb Pr before you purchase this product .
 I know its great to buy some gear from monster cable cause its so much better right !? Wrong I own a similar cable but i paid 25 % less including shipping and tax . My friend the audio expert could n't tell the difference between my cable and and his expensive cable . So I 'd save the money look on-line for Accoustic Research . Search for ` accessories ' and they could be ' 4 less ' for these cables . Like i said its not worth the money , all my cables are AR and they sound great .
 this yes is a great cable for you ps2 to increase the picture quality but the pitfall is it does not transmit audio signals so that means you have to buy an additional fiber optic cable for sound this is an extra exspense that in the site info about this product it does not state even though it is clearly printed on the package but we online buyers can not view the package so be sure you check into this cable and make certain it is the right one for you
 Utter waste of cash right here . you pay twice the price of the sony cable for a cable that1 -RRB- has no audio output2 -RRB- tends to be way too loose of a connection when plugged into the ps23 -RRB- has a lot of advance shielding that does absolutely nothing -LRB- yes I have done extensive testing on it . neither sony nor monster gets interference for the most part , but when you do hit those high levels , BOTH cables get interference just as bad -RRB- Monster is nothing but a name that people seem to be way too willing to pay for . their products are decent but by no means high quality . save the cash and get the official Sony cable instead .
 Purchased this to get a better picture , but it did not work . Suffered from making everything green , unplugged , replugged etc. still the green tinge . Bought the Sony component cable and it works great . Maybe I got a bad one , but I have read similar complaints from other people .
 S-Video stinks ! Yes you get better performance from S Video than standard RCA jacks , but the S Video male plug is perhaps the worst design ever made for component hookup . I have 3 children that enjoy playing the PS2 on the family big screen several times per week and hook up to the front S-Video inputs on the front inputs of the TV . My 9 year old made a few dozen attempts at getting those tiny pins lined up perfectly -LRB- which is almost impossible for the little guy -RRB- . After several connects and disconnects , the pins get bent , do n't line up and break . They are now useless . Big waste of money if you have children or plan on connecting often .
 I bought this cable to hook up my Playstation 2 with a Promedia DD-5 .1 -LRB- Digital Decoder -RRB- . The Problem is that the cable I bought did n't produce 5.1 Dolby Digital or DTS , just stereo . Read the reviews for the X-box Lightwave 100 cable ; they are the same cable except for the color . Some people maybe have n't figured it out yet because they do n't use a Digital Decoder , but all they are hearing is Stereo sound . Im pretty upset because I sent my Digital Decoder back to Klipsch thinking that was the problem , but it was actually the cable . By the way the customer service at Klipsch is simply the best , they produced high quality equipment , not like over at monster cable . So beware ! If you are paying big $ for a cable should n't it at least work or do what it say it does ?
 Maybe Im just a rock but how are you supposed to connect your system to both a TV and a audio reciever/decoder ? There is not enough play in the end to allow the video cable to go to the TV and the audio cables to go to my sound system . So after trying to slice the individual cables apart with my kbar I finally gave up and just used regular AV cables .
 I have n't purchased this yet but this review can still be EXTREMELY helpful.I was Playing my PS2 on my 56 tv and I said to myself . . wow . that quality ... . I went on to amazon because I had heard about these new cables that improved quality . I found one -LRB- this one -RRB- and it looked great ! I hurried back to my Sony receiver -LRB- It connects up my DVD player , TV and surround sound system -RRB- and looked at the back . No S-Video . I got a flash light and searched it over again , hoping I missed it . No signs . I moved my tv over so I could look at the back . WHAT ! There I see them , 2 s-video imputs . That makes me mad . How could monster assume that everybody is going to be playing this on their TV ? Dont they realize that some people use home theater receivers !? NOOO ! Theres no way I 'm giving up my great surround sound for this . If you want to buy this , I would check your receiver first . If you dont have component cables , -LRB- which I DONT !! THEY ALSO ARE ONLY ON THE TV -RRB- or S-video on your receiver , I would suggest getting a 200 regular AV cable from Monster . That one still improves quality quite a bit .
 I bought these cables , brought them home and immediatly hooked them up . I set the PS2 for component and set my TV for it as well . And it looked awesome ... for about 2 weeks . Then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy . It would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the TV would have all the colors washed out in green.I found that I could stick a PS2 case under the cables at the base and it went away . But sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back.I have the PStwo -LRB- Small version -RRB- and the PS2 ... the small version has the problem , but the large one doesnt . So dont get them if you have the small version ... The large one works fine .
 Anyone who tells you there 's a difference between the picture quality of this cable and the Sony S-video cable is blowing smoke . I would recommend that everyone who can get an S-video cable as that will make a great difference.Also , avoid the super-cheap cables , they 're not shielded and do n't have a ferrite bead .
 First of all , these cables are a little on the expensive side . You will only see a difference when you are using an older high end tv with a poor comb filter . Most of the newer model tvs that have the component video inputs have a decent comb filter . When I purchased the PS2 , I hooked it up to an old RCA TV and used the supplied cables that came with the PS2 . The games looked good , but the movies were below standard . When I watched Verical Limit I could see the bleeding in red and blue . It was very obvious . When I purchased my new TV -LRB- JVC D-series , 32inch -RRB- and used the supplied cables the image was much sharper due to the great comb filter . I wanted the best , so I purchased the gamelink 400 . When I hooked it up I could n't tell the difference . I looked for every detail , and I could not find anything different . It depends on your tv , if you have a newer tv you really do n't need it . I am a monster fan , but I am just telling the truth . I love the lightwave 100 and powerstation 600 , they are both worth the money .
 I have always trusted Monster to provide the cables for my Audio-Visual systems . I can tell you that I have always experience a dramatic improvement in quality when I have switched from the cabling that came with a particular system to a Monster Cable -LRB- the last couple of years , I just buy the Monster Cable to start with -RRB- . HOWEVER , this cable makes the very foolish assumption that I plan on using the audio in my TV to play the soundtrack of my games . The cable only allows the audio connectors to be about 3 inches from the video . This really surprises me , because I would expect that most of us who are willing to spend forty bucks on a cable probably already have a home theater receiver and would therefore prefer no to use the 67 speakers that come in most TV 's . Say it with me - `` Grrrrrrrrrrr ! ''
 I bought these to integrate the PS2 into my home theater.However they do n't work as well as they should.The the connector on the PS2 side is very loose and will move enough to make the picture on screen useless.This is n't tragic as you can get up and fiddle with it to get the picture back.Having to do adjust your video cable everytime the system is moved -LRB- such as inserting a memory card or pulling on a controller cable -RRB- can get very annoying.I should have known better when I bought these . Monster makes very poor quality cabling as far as durability goes.I used quite a few monster products when initially wiring my home theater and had several of them fall apart on me or fail to function.Picture quality is ok but nothing spectacular.My recommendation is to just use the Sony cables.They are cheaper , you will hardly notice a difference in quality and they will not be an annoyance .
 Honestly the cables that come with the system are fine . I wasted money on this one .
 When my PS2 arrived , I purchased this cable and installed it . Sadly , my picture was in black and white , and the surround sound did n't not work . I called Sony , and they informed me NOT to use the Monster cable , as it was causing the problem . I removed it , and intsalled the game with the cables included and everything worked fine .
 GameLink 400 Backordered or Recalled ?? First let me say that the GL400 is very hard to find , and if you read Monster Cable press they would Like you to believe they sold out . Yes they just blew out the doors at 50.00 EA . I do n't think so !! I found the GL400 at Frys and had to return not one but five of them because they will not stay connected in the rear of the PS2 . Every other cable out there fits well so no the problem is not with my PS2 .
 I got this Monster cable for my PS2 because of the Monster name . And that 's just about all you 'll get if you buy this set of cables to replace the ones that came with your PS2 . Yes , the image quality and the sound quality are improved , but not enough to justify the -LSB- amount of money -RSB- that you 'll spend for these cables . If you got money to burn , then get these cables . Else , the ones that came with your PS2 are good enough .
 The reason i say its not worth the money is this.I bought one and yes it did improve the picture quality of my PS 2 on a high def TV . That was great for the whole day it lasted and then for whatever reason on the second day of trying the cable it decided to only give me a black and white picture.I bought a second one thinking that it was just a bugged cable but after a few days with a new one the same thing happened.The company never wrote me back when i asked why i am getting this black and white picture and telling them how i wasted money on two cables that only worked right for a few days.I have heard of other people having the same problem so i feel these cables should be boycotted until they find out the reason this happens with alot of their cables and fix it.I think its sad that they just care about making money and have no interest in helping a customer who is having trouble with their product.Companies like this only want to fix problems when they start losing money so do n't buy them , wait for them to fix these nagging issues with their half rate cables .
 What has happened to Monster 's quality ? In 2003-04 , I had a discount on Monster cable through my employer and purchased close to $ 1000 -LRB- retail prices -RRB- worth of their cables for wiring up my home theater . I have been using the Gamelink with s-video for my PS2 and that works great . Here it is 3 years later and I buy these Gamelink 400 for use with my new HDTV with component inputs . When I tried to install them I thought I was going to snap the connections off my TV because of the amount of force I had to exert . With much determination I got them to connect . I switched on the PS2 and experienced no video just sound . I had even a harder time removing them . When comparing these cables to my older s-video Gamelinks the differences are the new wires are lighter , rigid and the connectors are definately too small in diameter . In hand , they feel cheaper compared to the heavier more pliable older wires . I will no longer buy Monster cables and I do not recommend these to anyone . Audioquest is much better . Too bad they do n't make gaming cables .
 After just 2 months of use , the connectors inside the 3 component cables came off . The connectors are so fragile and delicate , if you sneeze on it , it will break . STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought these cables because I have used monster cables and been happy with them . However , after a month or so of use , there was a short in the cables near where they attach to the Playstation . We had to tape the cables to the power cord in order to get a color picture . After about a week of this , they no longer would show a color picture at all . Save your money . The cables do an incredible job while they work but are not worth the money you spend on them when they break .
 First , I do not write reviews unless the product really ticks me off !! So Monster has pushed me to the limit here , so that I write how INCREDIBLE NEGATIVE their customer service is , and how their cables DO NOT WORK ! Sure , I 'm sure for some people it worked , and life is peachy . But think of this !! If it doesnt work , you will take a year to get a hold of someone -LSB- took me 4 calls -RSB- for them to be totally rude and just give you an address.My cable starting losing color in 10 days , and everything became yellowish . Thats right $ 60 to look at yellow movies and games . Pathetic . Now I have to mail it in , instead of them sending me a replacement first , then I mail it in . So for now they stole my money , DONT LET THEM STEAL YOURS !!!
 My daughter bought this . Unfortunately , the only thing it taught her is that you do n't always get what you pay for.The software does not run correctly on a top of the line Vista Home Premium system with a great video card.The company offered no assistance . The patch does not work .
 This game is a good starter computer game for children under 7 . It 's a simple game , where you feed the kitty , play a game with the kitty -LRB- move a toy mouse around and the kitty tries to catch it - if the kitty fails to catch it , you get money -RRB- , buy things for your kitty like food , water , and accessories like collars . It 's an easy game . You pick the breed of your kitty , the gender , and you type a name for your kitty . It 's not attention-grabbing , like some other games . You 'd have more fun with Dogz 5 for the computer , or Nintendogs for DS , if you 're older than 7 . They are attention-grabbing , and they have more activities for you to do . Or , even try Puppy Luv
 All of the Luv games are BORING !!! I have downloaded and played all the games thinking each one would be better than the last . You buy stuff and train then NOTHING ! There is not much to do after that . It 's also hard to make them do tricks .
 This game does not work . Period . We 've downloaded patches , upgraded to a nicer video card . Nothing works . The game stalls before it ever loads . We have one disappointed little girl and are out about 80 bucks due to the cost of the non functioning game and the upgraded video card . Do n't waste your money on this one ! It will have you pulling out your hair and your wallet again and again .
 TAKE MY ADVISE LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS THIS GAME GOT VERY BAD ONES SO DO ME AND YOURSELF A FAVOR - DONT TRY YOUR LUCK JUST FORGET ABOUT IT . HEY IF I DIDNT CARE I WOULDNT BE WASTEING MY TIME WRITING THIS SO I HOPE YOU THINK TWICE BEFORE BUYING THIS , RENT IT FIRST IF YOU CAN , BUT DONT BUY IT .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I should have checked the other reviews here before I let my kids waste their allowance on a completely worthless game.I loaded this worthless game onto two different , new , fully updated computers and could not get the game to run properly , if at all , even after several hours of work . On one machine it would not run at all , on the other it ran extremely poorly so I downloaded the patch which only made things worse , now it will not run at all.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME - IT IS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY !!! I am an advanced computer user with 29 years of experience with software , hardware and programming and use computers all day everyday and I could not make it work and gave up.I do not know how this company lives with itself taking money from little kids and reducing them to tears as my kids were -LRB- which explains the hours spent trying to get it to run -RRB- and I see from other postings here many other were as well.I do not think I can really say enough bad about this worthless disk - OK , almost worthless as I guess one could play Frisbee with it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought the game for my daughter . I have been unable to even get the game running although I meet and or exceed the requirements . I downloaded the patches e.t.c that were available but still all I get is a message saying can not initialize video mode . Daughter is very diappointed and hurt as to she was looking forward to being able to play this . Even though game does not work can not even get refund since it has been opened . Not worth the hassle . -LRB- Update -RRB- - Have written the company for about the 6th time since buying , first 2 responses were to simply download the patches -LRB- which I had informed then I had already done -RRB- now I get no response at all .
 The game crashes when you start it most of the time . It always crashes when you change rooms . The patch makes it worse . Tried on Nvidia , ATI and Intel graphics machines with full updates . Crashes no matter what .
 Got this for my daughter . First it wouldnt work at all . It was missing drivers that I had to download off thier website . Then when I finally got the program `` working '' It was very bizarre . The cat ended up absorbed into a wall - strange . None of the activities worked the way you 'd think they should . I ended up with my daughter in tears and throwing the program in the trash .
 Today is January 6th , 2007 . I bought this game today at Target . Came home installed . Our computers are the latest and greatest . We installed the game . It crashed . The kitty never meowed . So , we went off to the website to get the update/patch . Installed it . The patch fixed a few things but overall this is not a game , and would n't keep the interest of my five year old . So the question is , who is this game for ? Well , it would be for a younger person BUT you need the skills to read so if Mom/Dad is willing to sit with child while trying to navigate through the screens then I 'd recommend this game only for a 2 or 3 year old . I am a software engineer and my husband is also a programmer for over 15 years with a degree in Computer Science . Our professional opinion is do n't buy this game . We called Target and they will not take it back even after I explained that every game on their shelf -LRB- Kitty Luv that is -RRB- is defective . We lost $ 19.99 plus tax at the Loveland , CO Target . Even after explaining to the manager that the software is defective , she stuck to her guns and would not take it back unless I wanted the exact same thing . Why would I want the exact same defective piece of software ? She did n't understand computer programming and thinks a different disk would be better . Ugggg . All the disks are bad I explained . The software is exactly the same on all disks!So , for anyone reading this , you will be sorry if you purchase this game even if you get it cheaper than $ 20 . I 'm so mad . Where was the testers in this piece of software ? How could you release such a game to the public without testing ? The software developers on this game should be ashamed , rather not so much the developers but whomever the release team manager was . He should be fired . You have made the public mad . And I 'm just one that has the taken time to write . I 'm sure there are others who are not even aware of this forum .
 To all the people who bought this `` game '' and were frustrated and disappointed that it does n't play correctly , even with the patch
 Could n't get it to stop crashing on either my maxed out gaming platform or my regular Dell home computer . The `` patch '' did n't have any effect .
 As all the other reviewers say , this software is junk . The so-called upgrade to version 1.6 is an abomination.The following is the text of a message I sent to Lost Sock , who is supposedly responsible for this trash getting into the marketplace . I doubt I will hear back : Folks : You have managed to sell software that is a complete abomination , in the name of Kitty Luv . My daughter has succeeded in wasting her own hard earned money on this piece of utter trash.The first version spontaneously crashed -LRB- running on Window XP Pro with a high end Navidia video card . -RRB- Your so-called patch apparently changed the interface , and stopped the crashing , only because most of the options available to click on simply do not invoke anything . The only activity this `` kitty '' does autonomously is pee in its litter box and scratch the post . The mouse arrow does not change to a `` hand '' in order to facilitate any interaction with the virtual kitty . No ability to change location as well.Whatever nitwit within your organization allowed this garbage into the market place should be summarily canned.Corporately , you should be embarrassed . Take a look at various website reviews where this trash is up for sale , and you will get an eyeful of how much of a failure this product you are ripping people off with is . A pitiful example of `` software '' that does nothing but disappoint.Have a nice Christmas ...
 I work with computers for a living and this is the worst piece of software that I have seen . It did not work out of the box at all . I looked up and found that there was a patch -LRB- the web site says version 1.6 , but the patch itself says 1.8 when installing -RRB- . I have tried this on three systems with no luck . On the HP 7955 , it just locks up - no mouse to control it . On the other two systems , we could not change locations -LRB- as reported by others -RRB- and could only do two of the activities . I would expect this of alpha/beta software , but not of released software , especially after 8 published patches.The web site is less than helpful - some of the pages are blank -LRB- like the support page -RRB- .
 My daughter and I came across this at walmart yesterday and were very excited about it , only to come home and have it crash on us everytime we try to play it . We can not change rooms and the patch doesnt work . I am very dissapointed in this game . I should have come here first . Do not waste your money on this game .
 I ca n't actually comment in the quality of gameplay , since it was bought by my daughter . But I can speak to the problems people are having : SIMPLE RULE -LRB- for those who do n't know much about their computers -RRB- : THIS GAME WILL NOT PLAY ON MOST LAPTOPS , regardless of whether you have the right version of Windows . It checks for two specific families of video card - which mostly are for desktop computers.MORE COMPLEX RULE
 I bought this for my daughter for her birthday . She was so happy , just to be let down as it didnt work . Since I have dial up , was going to take me over 2 hours to download the patch . Forget this one . Good idea but how can you possible market something like this that doesnt work . Dont they try out thier items before the put them on the market . I 'm one very angry mom .
 I came across this game in wal-mart and thought ` Awwww ! A new cat game I can play ! ' and guess what.I could n't play it ! I installed it on my brand new computer and nothing!Half the time the game screen would freeze or turn black.The stupid cat kept geting stuck in the wall when it ran by it and it would even let me choose if I wanted a male or female , it MADE me pick male and the game totally sucked!DO NOT WASTE PERFECTLY GOOD MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE !
 This game is a piece of junk !!! It does n't work even on a computer with 256 meg video .1.2 Pentium processor 512 meg ram.It freezes up all the time and re-boots the computer.Lost s * ck games website is down and you ca n't contact themabout their piece of crap software
 This is a TERRIBLE game , it 's not even a game . All the `` kitty '' does is follow the mouse around . Sounds do not work properly , graphics are complete garbage and the game has bugs galore . If only I had seen the review here I would have saved $ 20 . This game does not function and is worthless to you and your children .
 We had the misfortune to purchase Kitty Luv through our daughter 's school - the Scholastic Lucky Book Club flyer . It would not install or run on Windows XP or Windows 2000 machines . It would not run on a high-end workstation . It would not run on an ordinary modern PC . The installer reports problems with out of date video drivers - this is an out and out lie . The company responsible for this defective software is GameMill Publishing . Their `` support '' consists of telling you to update your video drivers , and they do not answer email sent to their customer support address . Scholastic has a guarantee that allows buyers to return merchandise for any reason , so it will be Scholastic 's problem next . Kitty Luv is not functional software .
 This game is a waste of money . Do not buy it ! It deletes items or says you do n't have things you purchased . It will get `` stuck '' on one kitty and refuse to allow you to make a new one . It gets stuck on letters so you ca n't type . It 's awful , do n't buy it .3 disappointed daughters around here .
 My 5 yo daughter bought this game with her own money because she loves cats and the box was pink -LRB- her favorite color -RRB- . It was a complete waste of money , unfortunately . The game frequently froze and it required way too many steps to do the simplest thing . Because I felt sorry for my dd , I eventually bought her the petz
 This is the worst game ever sold . It did not work from the beginning on a system that was triple the system requirements . The average play time untill crash was 3-5 minutes , unless you wanted to change rooms and then it was instant . The patch from the website causes even more problems . It gives -LRB- 4 -RRB- seperate error messages including one about unloading the world . I think a programmer was trying to mess with people and Game Mill let it go . The company does not answer emails and provides no address or phone number . It seems like they are taking the money , leaving kids upset and then hiding from the responsibility . I wish I had read the reviews before we spent the money . An internet search has not provided evidence for one single person getting this game to work . I 'll go as far as saying the company is nothing but a bunch of thieves and liars.We got ours at the local Walmart which has a no return policy . I want everybody to know that the store manager has the authority to override this policy and give you another game of a DIFFERENT title . It took me a half hour talking/arguing to the manager , but my little girl got a great new game called Fetch from Valusoft that installed and worked great with more to do and better graphics . Their website actually has contact information and useful technical advice.Once again , do not under any circumstances purchase this game . In fact , I would recomend that you stay away from anything that Game Mill , Lost Sock , or any of their related companies have anything to do with . Quality and customer service do not exist in their vocabulay unless preceded by a negative adjective . I agree with the reviews that say that one star is more than this game deserves . I 'll go with a negative five on this one .
 Gamemill Publishing is worthless they should have called this game `` Kitty Mill '' . This game was a spur of the moment purchase we had no idea there was such a dark cloud hanging over it . My daughter loves cats and when she saw this game on the shelf she was so excited and could not wait to play it . Needless to say she was frustrated and disappointed.If Gamemill Publishing had any ethics at all they would recall this pile of Kitty you-how-what and replace or refund customers money . They do not answer email and there is no phone number that I can find . How very convienient . Cowards.We got the same error message about the video mode . On another computer it played for all of two minutes before it crashed . I am with the person who said if they could have given it a zero they would have I am giving it a - 5 . Just to be clear how dispicable the makers of this game are . Shame on you GameMill I will never purchase anything from this company again and you guys owe me $ 20.00 .
 I bought this game for my niece to play while she was here . After installing it in my brand new Gateway , all that comes up is a box stating that it can not initialize video mode.Take the $ 20.00 and donate it to your local animal shelter . You 'll get a whole lot more satisfaction .
 I would have given this zero stars if the program had that as an option . A really , really awful game . The graphic are awful , the game does not respond to the mouse . The hot spots to click on are vague and frustrating and often full areas of the graphics are missing and there is just a black square where the picture should go . I have written tech support clearly explaing the difficulites and have received no reply , not even and form email.I too am running this on a computer that exceeds the minimun requirements . Do n't waste your money and until things improve I will not be purchasing any of Game Mills products , they are really poor quality . Find something else for your 20 bucks !!
 I bought this for my daughter for her birthday . It was a real disappointment from the beginning . Ok , so the graphics are not very good but she is seven and just wanted to feed and play with her new computer kitty . Everytime she changed rooms an error would pop up . So I went to the company website , downloaded and installed the needed patch and guess what . Now she can take her cat from one room to another but anytime she trys to play with the cat using one of the toys the cat immediately goes to the right of the screen , partially disappears in to the wall , and there is no way to get out of this glitch unless you quit and restart the game . If you are a parent looking for a cute game for you child this is not the one for you . The only thing this game has been good for so far is disappointing my daughter on her birthday !!!!
 I can not beleive this company even released this game . Someone must had to meet a deadline before it was complete . It does n't work . There was no quality testing because it is riddled with bugs . And quite simply , it just does not work . You cant use the things you buy . It 's just all very very odd . My daughter used a gift card to buy this - and I feel she got severely ripped off .
 My son was so excited about this game and was entirely let down ! Could n't get through more than about 2 minutes before the game crashed again and again ! How can software as flawed as this be available for sale ! Absolutely a tease for children - do not purchase this game .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing . I have a very high-end computer and it would not work for anything , even with the patch . Do n't waste your money and please report this company to the FTC like the other reviewer recommended .
 I got this game for my nephews for Christmas . I 've read various problems other reviwers had . I too had the same crashing problem out of the box . I also had the same problem with the patches . After I used patch 1.8 labeled as 1.6 on their site the game did n't seem to crash but activities such as petting and brushing no longer worked for me either . We have three computers in the house with different specs and video cards and all three had the same problems . It is just not playable . Since the brushing and petting did n't work the kitty happiness bar kept going down and my nephews got very upset that they could not interact with Cooler their kitten to make it happy and are still upset that the game just does n't work . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! Bad release and the patches have yet to fix it .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . It would not function for us either . I wish I had checked the reviews before spending our money on it . It is worthless garbage to us now , we ca n't even return it because of our store 's policy on computer games that have been opened . Sorry kids .
 My daughter got this game for Christmas . It does not work . It even slowed down my computer until deleted it off . Should have read the reviews . : -LRB-
 Whoever put this together should be ashamed of themselves . My daughter spent birthday money to buy this at a retail store . -LRB- I should have gone online and looked at the reviews , first . -RRB- I spent an hour trying to get it to work and installing patches . The game just simply does not work . What I could get to work did not look very interesting or fun . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!
 I bought this game at wal-mart . It is n't their fault it does n't work . All they do is sell it , not manufacture it . I have never had this problem from any game I bought at wal-mart . I get the error ` unable to initialize video mode ' . I have a brand new laptop that exceeds any requirements . I have also emailed the manufacturers and no reply . Even if the manufacture fixes this screw up , I will never buy another one of their games just for the principle of it . They recieved their money and we all got the shaft . What a way to run a business . If this review had a way to put zero stars in it I would have checked it , 1 star is way too good for this game .
 My 7 year old daughter bought this game with her birthday money . I have brand new Dell computer that exceeds the minimum requirements for the game , but it does n't work at all ! The cat does absolutely nothing , just stands there , and when you try to use any of the toys you buy for it , you get an error message and the game shuts down . Horrible . My 7yo is in tears . There is NO tech support on the website , and I 've emailed them twice and they do not respond at all . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 this game is terrible . i had the same problems as everyone else . you should opt for and of the catz 1-5 . they have very few problems and the graphics are way better .
 My daughter bought this game at Walmart with money she had saved up . The `` game '' is absolutely junk !! It freezes up constantly and gives error messages . She got so frustrated she was crying , and was extremely disappointed that she wasted her $ 20 on this game . We wish we had checked here for reviews first !! Hopefully we 'll save someone else from wasting their money . Walmart of course would not refund the money , and contacts to the manufacturer only elicited an email with a link to the `` patch '' . I think that this company should make good on their junky game by reimbursing all of us who have wasted money on such a poorly-made game . Did they not check it out first before putting it on store shelves ?!
 My son purchased this game at Target with his birthday money and we got an error message.I have n't tried downloading the patches yet - and Target only allows replacement , not a refund.I wish we had come here first to check the reviews .
 I recently bought a 3-pack of computer games . The games included The Land Before Time
 Kitty Luv does not work for my higher-end system either -LRB- workstation class dual core 3GHz , 2GB RAM , NVidia Quadro FX1400 128MB video -RRB- even after installing the newest video driver and latest DirectX controls.The game crashes randomly . Patch v1 .6 -LRB- actually installed as v1 .8 -RRB- takes away all functionality of the original . You ca n't even feed the cat ! I quit before the cat died of starvation.Gamemill has released other unusable software in the past -LRB- Big Rigs
 If you like comfort and durability the original covers from Nintendo are the way to go . Do n't buy these , they are over priced and very cheap design for the main controller . Not sure if Nintendo supplies covers for the numb chucks if not than these are better than nothing .
 This game stinks , the body parts are all shaped like boxes , it 's impossible to beat , I give this game 2 stars because I feel so sorry for it , people who are going to buy this I advice you not to.And being a megaman fan I am very dissapointed .
 I needed another XBox controller , and thought , hey , rather than spend $ 25 on a corded one , I 'll just spend DOUBLE that , and get one with voice built in . I 've got the Halo2 headset from Plantronics -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- and it 'll plug right into this controller without the XBox live voice adapter.Well , that 's where the good impression ended . First of all , it 's smaller -LRB- or more cramped -RRB- than the XBox S controller . The control is somewhere between horrible and miserable . Specifically , the ` dead zone ' on it is as big as a moose head . The dead zone is how far you have to move the analog sticks to get them to ` engage ' or start inputting control . Also , the tension on the analog sticks is so high that by the time you start to engage , you 're pushing so hard on the stick that the tiny input you meant to make is now a wide-sweeping arc.Well , I thought , I 'll just lower the sensitivity in-game , and be ready to rock . Even on sensitivity 1 in Halo2 -LRB- the lowest you can set -RRB- , it 's impossible to make anything other than huge targetting changes . Forget sniping with it . Not gon na happen.The turbo feature is not terrible , though it 's a fixed rate , so you end up turning it on and off depending on what weapon you 've got.The voice quality is almost passable ... almost . And that 's when it 's working well . Most of the time it 's just a lot of white-noise in your ear . Oh , and when you have to reset it because you 're no longer receiving voice signal , your entire controller seizes up until it re-syncs -LRB- roughly 5-10 seconds -RRB- . I 'm sure your opponents will be happy not to shoot you while you wait.The previous reviewer of this product is right about the button response . You have to practically put your shoulder into pushing the A/B/X / Y buttons to get them to respond . It 's not a defective controller , it 's a flawed design.Intec should be ashamed of themselves for taking my $ 50 for this POS . And Toys R Us should be embarrassed for carrying it -LRB- though that 's all they 're selling anymore . the markup must be better , because you ca n't get official controllers from TRU anymore -RRB- . I had hoped it would be more like the Wavebird from Nintendo . Now that 's a wireless controller . Obviously there is no voice support , and it 's for Gamecube only , but Intec could learn something about wireless controller design by just buying and playing with them . They feel like official controllers , the response is lightning quick , you do n't have to ` sync ' to anything , and the batteries last weeks or months with heavy use.It 's the first and last Intec product I 'll ever buy . They 'll never read this , but they could learn a lot about designing products by hiring people who actually play games . No gamer would ever have signed off on a product like this .
 I got this about 2 months ago , plug it in , terrible . The sound was scratchy the response on hitting buttons was very bad.I immediatly send it out for a replacement one to Intec . It took till today to get here , remember thats 2 months , when I was promised 2-6 days for arrival.I try to use it now , AND ITS JUST AS CRAPPY . I am not being to harsh , I attempted to go on XBLive and talk to my friends , and they couldnt understand a word . I tried swapping it out with my sisters xbox , and just as bad.Im using new Duracell batteries , so that cant be the problem , the two test systems I used it on are under a year old.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.I should have taken the $ 50 I spent total on this , and bought a wireless headset .
 this is n't what ul espect , the buttons on this controller and hard , you realy have to press them realy hard , and if your planing to get 2 of this controllers to play online DONT ... when you have 2 controllers conected at the same time , they work good but when u turn on the headset it works ok , but when u turn 2 of them on , theres a problem the mics get cracy and it botters the other players and it keeps making noise ... dont gett them i bought 2 of them i i compleatly regret getting them ...
 This game needed to have the Programming Nerd Police check it out before releasing it . I have seen this with a few games , where programmers making a game get such a tunnel vision after 1000 's of hours for years creating/playing a game , that they lose sight of what it would be like for someone who has n't spent all that time putting it together and who just wants to play it , have a good time and be entertained.I imagine programmers late at night laughing `` Hee hee , this part is so hard to do , only I can do it , I might not have a girl but I can beat this battle in the game I created and hardly anyone else can , HA , HA , HA I 'm so cool !!! '' . And thus we have the crazy chariot race through the city with no save point afterwards then into a battle with two creatures that is as frustrating , boring and lasts as long as reading War and Peace by dim candlelight ... and that 's on the EASY Level . NOTE TO PRINCE OF PERSIA CREATORS
 This much-anticipated title promised to deliver a genuine casino experience , and promised to make better poker players out of those who played this game , by introducing Daniel Negreanu 's coaching and `` Poker School , '' and by pitting the player against the much-touted `` Poki '' artificial intelligence system.While I admit that the computer-controlled oppontents of STACKED play a tougher game than in other poker titles I 've played -LRB- World Series of Poker for PSP , and World Championship Poker for X-Box -RRB- , everything else about this game seems shoddy and half-baked at its best , and insultingly dumb at its worst.Here are my observations : - The interface is clumsy . Important functions , such as looking at your hole cards , are only accessible through an unnecessary slide-out menu . Why the game does n't simply show you your cards at all times is a mystery to me . - Information is poorly organized . Your opponents ' bets and stack sizes are printed on difficult to read , floating placards that swim around the screen and change text randomly . Stack sizes for opponents who have folded are completely unavailable . Other poker titles have solved this problem very easily , by printing actions and stack sizes around the table , next to each player 's name . Why did STACKED decide to do away with this convention ? - The pop-out menu is cluttered with absolutely useless functions
 Have had this game for 4 days and it 's miserable ! The sound did n't work right , finally got that fixed -LRB- through DirectX controls -RRB- , game freezes up -LRB- has been reinstalled and still does it -RRB- . Game is NOT intuitive and characters do n't tell you what to do or how to get somewhere else . You have to sit through random movie clips and are unable to skip them to move on in the game . The `` read me '' section describes what to do in different games , but we ca n't figure out how to get to those other games . This is a very poor excuse for a game on Disney 's part . I have PC games from 1995 that are much more kid friendly than this . My 3-1/2 year old son is just frustrated by this game and so am I ! It is bound for the trashcan .
 The third game offers nothing new or exciting enough to warrant a third visit to this series . Everything could 've ended fine with the second one , but instead Ubisoft had to poop out another Prince of Persia game , in turn creating the least fun version of the series . Get Warrior Within or Sands of Time instead .
 In short , Worms World Party is not worth the money . I 'm a big fan of worms , in fact , Worms Armageddon is the only video game I play . Just got ahold of WWP this morning and was sorely dissapointed . New missions and training , a few new multiplayer options , but nothing else that means anything . Oh , the interface is annoying now , too . Ugly bright colors . So here 's the deal
 You should note the reviews on this site that praise this despicable waste of money are all from the US . It has n't actually been released in the US.That should be your clue . -LRB- HINT
 If you already own previous versions of the Worms series then you will be very disappointed with this latest reincarnation.Apart from the many bug fixes there is nothing extra to justify the price . Contrary to popular belief , there are no new weapons and the WormPot mode is very similar to the cheat options from Worms Armageddon . The new front-end graphics are tailored for a younger audience with the exact same layout as Worms Armageddon too . Worms World Party also lacks league play and a world ranking system that made Worms Armageddon so popular . There is no mission editor as of yet , Team17 have made this as an extra download as they did with The Fiddler for Worms Armageddon.Worms World party is a good game if you do not have Worms 2 or Worms Armageddon only because of the fact that Worms is a fantastic game in it 's own right . Give this game a miss if you expect new features from a sequel .
 Team17 's Worms series has been a wonderful part of my day ever since I came across the original Worms back in 1995 . With Worms2 , I was pleasently surprized with the update in graphics , sound , and overall fun . Then came Worms
 Do you know how long this game has been delayed from its original `` promissed '' delivery ? More than a half year already ! Now the latest news says it will be available May 30 , 2001 . We should see if it can keep its promise . If not , cancel your order . Its content ca n't be trusted to be fun , as the producer ca n't keep up with its production schedule .
 Why did it take them a year after the original release date to release it if it is so much similar to Worms Armaggedon . All those new features they promised to add barely make a difference . If you already own WA or W2 , it 's not worth it to buy WWP .
 Here 's my experience with Worms World Party
 I got my hands on a copy of WWP today and was sorely dissapointed . I 'm a huge fan of Armageddon , and was way excited for this release . But nothing fantastic has been added . Some multiplayer options were changed , different training is available , and the interface was made annoying . That 's it . Everything else is the same . Save your money , unless you want to run Win2k ... In my opinion , there 's no other reason to try WWP .
 Worms World Party is a great game . The new interface is too bright , and it 's exactly like Armageddon - but it 's great!HOWEVER -- You are supposed to be able to play online - but it never works ! There is virtually no tech support for Americans . Interplay is supposed to be handling the technical support but they have n't answered any of my emails in the last two weeks.This product is not being distributed properly .
 Worms world party is the latest worms game to be churned out by Team17 . It uses exactly the same game engine as the previous 2 worms titles , Worms2 and Worms : Armageddon . OK , let me list the new features in this game for you all : Wormpot
 This product is ripped from the original in a way to capture your keystrokes and has a patch to make it work on your computer without a DVD.Play at your own risk if you do n't value your privacy and passwords , . exe files have worms/trojans . Very upset amazon in your quality control , I 'd expect this from eBay but not here ...
 I do n't know how all these satisfied reviewers did n't notice the glaring technical glitches in Brothers in Arms
 This game is ok for the older XBOX in that it is similar to the XBOX 360 version but the game system is choppy due to the graphics and action it is trying to handle . As such , it continually pauses while playing which is very very annoying . Overall , it is in line with the newer version but if you really want to play this game , stick with the XBOX 360 version .
 You know , I am sick of all the hype about this game by a bunch of weenies that do n't seem to know real combat , real weapons or realism of any sort beyond what they see on their TV screens.This game is not the authentic real life war on-the-battlefield war game that all the geeks are hyping and signing the party line the company puts out.I bought two of these games after reading the reviews and I have to say that you people do n't know what you are talking about.There is pseudo-realism and that is about it . Sure the maps are close , the look and sounds of the weapons are close and even the dialog is about right , but that is about as far as it goes.These games fall down severely on the accuracy/authenticity in several key areas .1 . Ludicrous restriction on the tactical options available to the soldiers and the squad leaders . Some of this is bad level design , some of it is probably trying to make up for the limitations of their AI , and some of it is just plain dumb .2 . Ridiculous limitations on interaction with the environments . You can not open doors or windows . You can not climb fences . You can not use the wire cutters that every paratroop carried . You can not go under a normal barbed wire fence , which thousands of hunters do several times a day in america.Barrels and crates do n't blow up or even move when hit by a tank . You ca n't even climb over a low wall that some other men just went over.Perhaps most unforgivable of all , you can not go into a prone position or crawl . You know , the stuff they teach everyone in BASIC TRAINING ! 3 . The gunsights are ludicrous . The amount of creep even in a crouching position is ridiculous . If I was that shakey I 'd head for the retirement home .4 . Terrible path blocking and object collision detection . Quite a few times when I had a perfect view of a target and as perfect a sight picture as you would ever want I could not hit the target no matter how many rounds I fired . In real life I would have put a round through both ears of my target .5 . Absurd size of the weapons relative to your field of vision when zoomed in . Come on folks this is ridiculously UN-authentic . There is a reason for the open sights on fast action weapons like the Thompson and other SMG weapons .6 . Really stupid scenario designs . There are several instances where you are put face to face with tanks and no tactical options except to run for enemy panzerfausts . Making this worse of course are the level designs that force you to follow a relatively linear and restricted path to said anti-tank weapons . This is completely ridiculous .7 . Poor level designs . Too many places you can not go or step when you should be able to . Places you can not jump over or crawl under where you should . Only in EIB do you get to even blow holes in the hedges with the TNT that all paratroops carried as part of their standard pack during that theater of operations , and then only in key places and one whole scenario .8 . Situational awareness mode . Give me a break . This is supposed to substitute for the advance study done by the troops ? It 's not even as good as a raw topo map dump . You are chained to camera angles around key points and there are no indications of any significant type for changes in elevation and quite often the terrain features are faded out due to the choices made for the camera angle .9 . Another limiting factor is that you can not issue movement commands to a location you know is there but are not lined up on directly yourself and you had better be on the side away from the enemy when you issue the order . This could have been easily fixed by using some option to issue commands while in situational mode , especially if that were better done .10 . Lastly the much hyped authentic tactics . Authentic , sure , in a very introductory and watered down way , severely limited in permutations , applications and variations due to all the other limitations of the game.By the way , I am both a veteran and an experienced programmer and I am highly disappointed with this game on both counts.If this is the latest in realism then it shows what a sorry state the gaming industry really is in . Of course I still have n't seen AI in a commercial game yet that matched up to what I saw undergrad programmers doing in college during the 80s . We deserve better and it 's not that hard to do . It 's time we stopped allowing these companies to hype this stuff up like it is so great when it 's all fluff like pretty pictures and sound.Oh , one PS . The AI cheats . You can observe how the enemy becomes magically aware of things completely out of the blue , such as someone being behind them , not moving or firing , and behind cover . This is inexcusable .
 The Graphics are amazing , however the ai 's are very hard and the game itself is way to hurried and very unfun . not a good game .
 Wow , am I the only one that does n't like this game besides Jeff Peterson ? It sucks ! I am a new gamer so when I bought my X-Box in Jan '06 I bought this game based upon what I had heard . I agree with everything he states . Suppressing the enemy to kill them ? The movement of my guy is slow , firing at enemies is like spitting in the wind ; do n't know where the bullets are going to land , and shooting at the enemy fact-to-face does n't kill the enemy . Also , it takes a ridiculous amount of time to learn this game . I like high-learning curves on games , but this is stupid . One last thing , the game offers a story-line to follow like a movie . If I want to watch a movie , I 'll rent BIA but I am too impatient to play a video game and to watch a story line at the same time . I get on X-Box to play!Maybe I do n't like this game because I like COD
 ok here my `` TRUE REVIEW '' : this game is beyond whacky-when you shoot an enemy there is no reaction!I stood face to face shot at least 1o times all hits/but they dont react ?!!!! suppressing fire ruins the whole thing , you must `` suppress `` every idiot before they can be shot -LRB- total stupidity at best -RRB- also confusing health meter am i hurt ? cant tell how badly hurt.got perfect victory level 1 so what!level 2 so dumb turned off game PERMANNENT.and that is the truth.not even worth renting.peace out jp
 Duke Nukem 3D Duke It Out In D.C. add-onWas not much fun since modern computers running operating systems such as Vista , can not start an old game like Duke Nukem 3D Duke It Out In D.C. add-on . I returned the game to the seller.Barry Kelly
 Terrible game - boring uninterestingsound - 5 starsfun - 1 stargraphics - 2and a half starsI run out of bullets all the time and it is so unsmart ! Do n't waste your money on such a defected and boring product . Buying 25 ice cream sundaes is better than this boring game , because you will end up throwing this game straight into the garbage can !
 The world knows Peter Jackson by now as a man capable of realizing a wide-eyed epic view of our imaginations . What we get with Kong for the PSP is little more than an eye-blink . It 's quite sweet , but unforgivably short.THE GOOD : The graphics are amazing . They really give you a sense of scale on this island , and the atmosphere is alive with danger . Dispensing with the FPS-standard displays makes the game seem more visceral ; you have to rely instead on what Jack -LRB- your character -RRB- tells you he 's still packing . With nothing else to rely on , you find that your wits are just about all you 've got.Playing as Kong is in my opinion is the meat of this game ; it feels great being able to take down a T-Rex with your bare hands , not with a dinky little peashooter . Some of you may notice , though , that in the first few stages as Kong he plays a little bit like the Prince in the eponymous Prince of Persia . Watch the way Kong moves and jumps between trees and ledges
 I kept running out of bullets like the other person said ... could n't get pass the place after you get of the cave with spiders in it , lmao xDI suck at this game or it 's really hard ... something like that , lolThe graphics are amazing though , but it 's gathering dust in a drawer since I ca n't get past that part = \ Dumb bullets ... unlimited would be nice , rofl
 The game was cool , but it goes quick , I beat the game in 2 days . And its not like they have a free roam or anything . I would spend my money else were or intill it gets below 20 dollars . Other wise it was a fun game alot of glitches .
 King Kong for the PSP is a really short , boring , do-it-on-your-own game , and this is my review.Graphics
 This game might have good graphics but it is confusing and very boring . It is very short and half of the time you 'll have no idea what you are doing . If you want to get a good kong game get it for console , otherwise do n't get it at all .
 i rented the game and played and it friggin stinks.i would rather count sand than play that stupid game.you run out of bullets every time you get a gun.it is boring and the graphics stink.if you spend themoney on this game YOU WILL BE MAD !!!!
 You know , I am sick of all the hype about this game by a bunch of weenies that do n't seem to know real combat , real weapons or realism of any sort beyond what they see on their TV screens.This game is not the authentic real life war on-the-battlefield war game that all the geeks are hyping and signing the party line the company puts out.I bought two of these games after reading the reviews and I have to say that you people do n't know what you are talking about.There is pseudo-realism and that is about it . Sure the maps are close , the look and sounds of the weapons are close and even the dialog is about right , but that is about as far as it goes.These games fall down severely on the accuracy/authenticity in several key areas .1 . Ludicrous restriction on the tactical options available to the soldiers and the squad leaders . Some of this is bad level design , some of it is probably trying to make up for the limitations of their AI , and some of it is just plain dumb .2 . Ridiculous limitations on interaction with the environments . You can not open doors or windows . You can not climb fences . You can not use the wire cutters that every paratroop carried . You can not go under a normal barbed wire fence , which thousands of hunters do several times a day in america.Barrels and crates do n't blow up or even move when hit by a tank . You ca n't even climb over a low wall that some other men just went over.Perhaps most unforgivable of all , you can not go into a prone position or crawl . You know , the stuff they teach everyone in BASIC TRAINING ! 3 . The gunsights are ludicrous . The amount of creep even in a crouching position is ridiculous . If I was that shakey I 'd head for the retirement home .4 . Terrible path blocking and object collision detection . Quite a few times when I had a perfect view of a target and as perfect a sight picture as you would ever want I could not hit the target no matter how many rounds I fired . In real life I would have put a round through both ears of my target .5 . Absurd size of the weapons relative to your field of vision when zoomed in . Come on folks this is ridiculously UN-authentic . There is a reason for the open sights on fast action weapons like the Thompson and other SMG weapons .6 . Really stupid scenario designs . There are several instances where you are put face to face with tanks and no tactical options except to run for enemy panzerfausts . Making this worse of course are the level designs that force you to follow a relatively linear and restricted path to said anti-tank weapons . This is completely ridiculous .7 . Poor level designs . Too many places you can not go or step when you should be able to . Places you can not jump over or crawl under where you should . Only in EIB do you get to even blow holes in the hedges with the TNT that all paratroops carried as part of their standard pack during that theater of operations , and then only in key places and one whole scenario .8 . Situational awareness mode . Give me a break . This is supposed to substitute for the advance study done by the troops ? It 's not even as good as a raw topo map dump . You are chained to camera angles around key points and there are no indications of any significant type for changes in elevation and quite often the terrain features are faded out due to the choices made for the camera angle .9 . Another limiting factor is that you can not issue movement commands to a location you know is there but are not lined up on directly yourself and you had better be on the side away from the enemy when you issue the order . This could have been easily fixed by using some option to issue commands while in situational mode , especially if that were better done .10 . Lastly the much hyped authentic tactics . Authentic , sure , in a very introductory and watered down way , severely limited in permutations , applications and variations due to all the other limitations of the game.By the way , I am both a veteran and an experienced programmer and I am highly disappointed with this game on both counts.If this is the latest in realism then it shows what a sorry state the gaming industry really is in . Of course I still have n't seen AI in a commercial game yet that matched up to what I saw undergrad programmers doing in college during the 80s . We deserve better and it 's not that hard to do . It 's time we stopped allowing these companies to hype this stuff up like it is so great when it 's all fluff like pretty pictures and sound.Oh , one PS . The AI cheats . You can observe how the enemy becomes magically aware of things completely out of the blue , such as someone being behind them , not moving or firing , and behind cover . This is inexcusable .
 Never received the game and did not get my money back . Emailed company never got response . Very unhappy
 This game is a joke.Especially compared to ANY of the Call of Duty or Medal of Honor . What were they thinking ? You spend more time giving commands than you do in actual combat . Not worth the time or money .
 I purchased this item in the hopes it would be as good as Call of Duty only from another company . I had heard good reviews from other sources . Once I opened the game and started playing , the more I started to regrett my purchase . First I had to lower of level of video in the game inorder to play it . Yes the graphics are great.I am annoyed by having to keep a watch over other computer generated people . I can not focus on my objective because I have to take care of the squad . Although I think the langauge is correct for battle , it may be too strong for some . I also agree with the other reviewer that the shooting is not accurate and shooting at the same person 10-20 times is hard to do.After playing both Call of Duty and Call of Duty 2 , I am not impressed with BOA : EIB at all . I will stay with the COD series unless BOA omproves . I do know that they are two different companies .
 WARNING ! This is not a true first-person shooter ! The screenshots may look cool , but DO NOT be fooled ! This is more like an RPG if anything . Instead of running around blasting the crap out of the Germans , you have to babysit the dumbest A.I. characters in the world . While you 're busy trying to command the idiots to take cover , you 've already been shot in the head .
 I had played the xbox version at a friends house and we played for at least 6 hours . Thats how addicting it was . So after many months on break -LRB- since 6 hours was a lot -RRB- I decided to play it again , but this time I wanted it for my PS2 . This was probably the worst game I 've ever bought . The graphics were terrible , on dark levels you can barely see the characters , and theres no way to make it brighter . When you shoot an enemy dead he disappears instead of falling -LRB- so with the flash of the gun shooting you ca n't really tell if you killed the enemy or if they ran off -RRB- . You can only control one squad in multiplater -LRB- I did n't even try single player -RRB- . Theres lag in skirmish , it 's like in slo-mo . Many other visual and gaming effects are n't even there . I 'd compare it to a very bad Nintendo 64 shooter . I 've owned the game for one day and I 'm about to make a trip to the local gaming store to try and resell it . Bottom line , if you own an xbox this is a great game but the PS2 version is like a completely different game , that is n't good . ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I paid $ 50 bucks for this when it came out . I took it back to get half my money on trade within a week . Ubisoft should be ashamed . The porting to X-BOX is terrible . Honestly , this game is worse than the original GR games -LRB- Island Thunder etc. -RRB- . Slow , clunky , not fun . The online mission mode is limited to two players -- and buggy on top of that -- music not playing , lagging out , etc. . This is from a guy who is a five-star and in the top 100 on both GR2 and GR2-Summit Strike . Both of those games are ten times better the this . Notice that nearly everyone who has played the other games are dissappointed with this one . It might seem okay if you do n't know better , but believe me this game is terrible compared with the other GR tiles -LRB- and the Rainbow Sixes , at that -RRB- . Ubisoft should pay me back the $ 25 I lost on it . -LRB- P.S. . It is the only X-BOX game I EVER traded back . My library is around 30 titles -RRB- .
 Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter is a military squad based shooter that has been released on many platforms . Unlike the previous editions , Ghost Recon 2 and GR2
 Let me quantify the situation this game came into
 The Xbox version of this game was terrible , talk about a step back in time . I 'm glad I rented it first because I 'm not wasting anymore money on that garbage .
 BLAH !! what happened to the old school versions of GHOST RECON . I bought this game first day it came out , so excited to play it . I played the very first stage , and never played it since then , It is very off topic . i dont like this game at all . I thought this game was going to turn out like every other great ghost recon made.negative features-there are only 2 squade members , not 5both members have same weapons , not their own unique.game play has very compicating controls and commandsthere are few health packs.squade member dies to easilyu have to constantly command your memberfinally-its first person mode so u cant see alot of your surroudings.posotives-I like the fact that its online.great graphics , sound and gameplay -- thats about itin this case , change is not good .
 Well anyone who thought that the current gen versian of GRAW could match up with the 360 versian is disheartened . GRAW for the x-box is the worst game i 've played this year . Unimpressive graphics , crap for controls and gameplay and it 's laggy in single player ! I am shocked that this game was made by ubisoft . There simply is no redeeming factors for this game it 's just simply awful and UBISOFT should be ashamed of themselves for screwing over current gen owners with this craptacular game and what 's even worse they had the nerve to sell it for 50 $ , that 's just low . Easily the worst entry to GR series it 's one you should avoid . The only GR game that could be worse than this is PS2 versian .
 If you like the GR games do n't buy this one , it is the worst one of them all . No more is the 3rd person view and slow walk . Focusing with the scope is way to slow to even use it at times . Now it 's like you walk around like a robot , very choppy and stiff ... it even started to lag during the campaign . I loved all the other ones , but this one -LRB- for black xbox -RRB- is garbage . So save your money and buy a better game .
 I noticed that every Ghost Recon game is practically a completely new game , and although Advanced Warfighter is based on the same basis as the previous versions , this one has has several marked differences . For instance , the controls are very different , also the way you control your team is different . I liked and enjoy the gameplay very much , but that was n't enough for me to like it overall . Actually , the game is excellent when playing alone in your Xbox , but playing on Xbox Live ! is another story.The graphics are good , but not as good as they should have been for a trilogy of games that have been on the same console -LRB- xbox -RRB- for a very long time . Everybody knows that when a new console comes out , the games are n't that good because the developers do n't know the hardware/software very well yet , but they improve their versions with time . The original Xbox is now an old console and Ghost Recond 3 should have been a very big improvement over Desert Siege , Island Thunder , Jungle Storm , Summit Strike ... When playing online you and your teammates move like a fixed bitmap . But , for me , the worst thing that I found with Advanced Warfighter are the awfully long loading times.Let me tell you how it is how you play a new game with a friend on Xbox Live ! First , you select Create Game , then choose the type of game
 UNLESS you have got an XBox 360-I reccomend that you DO NOT buy this game.Its choppy in visuals compared to the XB360 version , You do NOT have 3rd Person View in this version -LRB- more specifically Over The Shoulder View -RRB- just FPV -LRB- not as bad as the FPV in GR1-You can see the gun in this one -RRB- . If you Only own an XBox -LRB- or even PS2 -RRB- get Full Spectrum Warrior :10 Hammers when it comes out-Just avoid GRAW for XB and otehr this-gen consoles.GRAW is just crap on XBox , But it WO N`T be the worst believe it or not the PS2 version will suck even more hell!Here is the way i reccomend all GRAW ports : XBox 360 = BEST one available-9 / 10XBox = rubbish slim compared to the 360 version-5 .5 / 10PS2 = WILL BE worse than even the XB version = 4/10GameCube = Worse than XB version but maybe not as bad as PS2 version-5 / 10 . So XBox -LRB- and PS2 -RRB- ownersAVOID this game its sh*t e-But get Full Spectrum Warrior :10 Hammers.XBox 360 owner?GET GRAW its the best on 360 yet.So listen to the reviews and steer-clear of the XBox game called `` Ghost Recon : Advanced Warfighter '' but do get the XBox game called `` Full Spectrum Warrior : Ten Hammers '' . Stick with Ghost Recon , GRIT , GR2 and GR2 : Summit Strike if you are a GR collector . -LRB- on XBOX -RRB-
 no . for the 360 , this game is a brilliant masterpiece , but for xbox , just no . not gon na happen . shouldnt happen . i have it for xbox and 360 and i love it on 360 but on xbox i regret ever buying it . bad gameplay , bad graphics , and TYPOS to name just a FEW , no , LESS than a few problems with the xbox version of this game . just to many problems . JUST NO .
 After waiting what seemed like an eternity for this game to come out , I can only say it was an utter disapointment . I have truly enjoyed every Ghost Recon up until this one . With hopes of good online gameplay , my friends and I purchased this game only to find out the online gameplay is tedious to initiate and full of bugs to play . Limited number of players is definitely a huge negative for this game for the online play !! Even in the single player campaign mode , the Xbox tends to bog down when the action starts to get intense.Expectations were high for this game , especially with all the advertising that was done . However , I found it was more hype than performance.It is still worth playing , but not worth the pricetag .
 Do n`t bother with the XBox , PS2 -LRB- GameCube ? -RRB- version if you have an XBox 360-By all means get that version.XBox has NEVER recieved a rubbish Ghost Recon game until this Ghost Recon : Advanced WarFighter also called Ghost Recon 3 , GRAW and GR3AW.the original Ghost Recon was good , GR2 and GR2 : Summit Strike were VERY good.But GR3 just gets rock-bottomed . I do n`t have an XBox 360 myself but i have played the X360 version on a demo at a video-games shop and LOVED it.I rented GRAW on the original XBox -LRB- which i have as well as a PS2 and GC -RRB- and i saw how different it was compared to the 360 version here : - In the 360 Version you can switch between 3rd Person and FPV-but on XBox you ca n`t , you only have FPV mode ! - On the XB version you ca n`t jump over walls or anything.-the 360 Version has WAY better graphix -LRB- or coarse -RRB- If the XBox version is bad-It will be WAYYYY worse on the PS2 and GameCube so AVOID THIS GAME UNLESS you have an XBox 360 . I know the PS2 version will be worse because they get all the bad GR games since UbiSoft is SO biased to the XBox series when it comes to Tom clancy games.Although Rainbow Six seriesmon PS2 are good.So f ` get this version and get Full Spectrum Warrior :10 Hammers when it comes out at leasr FSW :10 H will be better than the XB version of GRAW.Seeya
 this game is garbage for the original xbox - do not waste your money - trust me ... I have ghost recon1 , 2 & summit strike and this is a disgrace to have put out such junk and to think the studio that did splinter cell pandora tomorrow did this !! even a bigger disapointment ... you have been warned .
 Ratchet & Clank
 Right now I am still looking for the game that the Postal Severice had lost I hope that it will come my way soon .
 Was expecting to receive the actual case and booklet with the game but sadly only received the UMD ;[ for any picky gamers like myself take this into consideration when making your purchase .
 It has n't even come out yet ! Since the people writing all these reviews obviously are n't in possesion of a pre-release copy , they must either be PSYCHIC or MORONS . I tend to suspect the latter . Or maybe they just do n't understand what a REVIEW is . OK , listen up
 This Xbox RPG , along with Sudeki , looks good , but falls woefully short and quite inadequate qhen compared with other top RPG 's . The story seems tacked on at the end of the game , boss battles bad , and for those of you that say there is more than one way to play you 're kidding yourself . Wow , you can kill the bandit or save him , that pretty much the same quest . Wow , you can steal something that is lying on a table or not , one makes you good the other evil . The game definately had great potential but I felt let down . For a game that you can possibly get all maxed stats and all items in less than 15 hours is not worth it . They seem to have stopped right when things could have gotten awesome . They mention a dragon in the monster books , not in the game , they mention you can buy shops , you ca n't , all the weapons are basically the same , there are only for different qualities of weapons when there could have been tons . It just seems like this game can not measure up to a final fantasy or a GTA because of its lack of length . The gameplay itself is awesome , but when all you need to do to make it a joke is get one spell , ... slowtime ... then it just does n't seem worth it . After this and Sudeki 's failure , both of which had promise , just lacking in length , makes it seem like no mystery at all why playstation 2 is a must have for RPG fans and Xbox is nothing but an afterthought .
 When people start reviewing games the first day that you can pre-order , it sorta destroys the purpose of a star rating system . Many people use the star rating system to help choose the games that are right for them and to see if users enjoyed the game being viewed . If you rate and write reviews of games based off screen-shots and trailers , you are doing a disservice to those looking to see if they want to buy . Visually `` Fable '' looks like it is shaping up to be great with in-depth gameplay , but wait until it is released to put your two cents in so others may see if it is truly a great game on the basis of true playability , not marketing ploys . I am placing a 1 out of 5 rating in hopes to counteract the flood of 5 out of 5 reviews .
 This is one RPG on the Xbox that I 'll either be skipping totally or maybe renting . The graphics , from what I 've seen so far -LRB- pics and video 's -RRB- are remeniscent of a Gamecube game . I 'm not a fan of the Gcube , and from all the preview images out there it looks like I wo n't be a fan of this game.Granted there may be some great innovations in this game , but if I ca n't get past the cartoony graphics then it 's not worth my money .
 What I purchased was not the game at all !!! It was a Bonus CD that had a demo game on it . I guess I really need to read the fine print from now on . I ended up with a pretty case and not the game I wanted at all . Probably wo n't ever do this again .
 this game bit the graphics were great and all but the game was really short and easy i am an okay gamer and i beat this game in 2 days.It is kinda fun how like GTA u can run up 2 people and slash them then let the guards go after u.Over all i would ` nt buy this if your a huge rpg fan then just rent it at blockbuster
 Since its not fair to give a review on hype and promises alone , I 'm going to give you the review first and then list the promises that were made which is why I gave fable such a low rating.Sound
 Dull . That coupled with jittery rendering , bad physics and horrendously monochromatic enviroments make this RPG rather annoying to play . I was bored stiff within the first 10 minutes . I figured I 'd give it an hour ... yawn.The cut scenes are not animated -LRB- crude cartoon drawings made to look like they 're being clever -RRB- . And talk about `` loading '' ! I thought Baldur 's Gate had a lot , but this one wins the prize . Sudeki beats the hell out of this game.Kids may like and eventually come to master the complex battle engine -LRB- with three concurrent modes of combat -RRB- , but the lack of a ` femme fatale ' playable/interactive character wo n't hold the adolescent mind very long.Worth the wait ? No . Beautiful to look at ? No , unless all you 've been playing lately is Quake.After all the hype I feel cheated . I 've been made to cough up 50 bucks for a crude psychology experiment.One last note
 Dont write reviews when you have n't played the game . There is no point . All you do is mess up the star rating system . I like to know what people THINK about games they 've bought , I can GUESS about them without any help . You go do that stuff somewhere where Money is n't involved . The 1-star is to counter all the fake 5 's
 Why did I preorder this game ? I thought , incorrectly that it would ship when it was released . Silly me it still has not been shipped . Guess they already have my money so why hurry ? I wont ever shop here again unless some sort of fair recompense is made . Its 9/20 and amazon says it has shipped but according to UPS it still has not shipped just more lying they do respond quickly to my email the only problem is the are not telling the truth !
 I rented this game on ps2 because I do n't have a 360 . I 've played the 360 version and it was fun . however , the only thing the ps2 version has in common with the 360 version is the name . nothing else . The missions are different , the graphics have been toned down massively , the AI is choppy , and one of the worst things about this game is that the cover system is terrible ! when I take cover behind a wall and try to peak around , it does n't even let me look past the wall . It 's hard to explain , but once you take cover and try to peak around corners , you 'll understand what I mean . You ca n't change from 1st to 3rd person . There are a limited number of orders you can give your teammates . There are much more bad qualities this game has that I wo n't mention you 'll have to see for yourself . bottom line , if you own a 360 buy that version . if you do n't , ignore this game and stick to the previous ghost recon games
 I picked this up on release date because I had found out the same day that the PC version had been pushed back to May.It was by far the biggest waste of 50 dollars I had ever spent , UBI should be ashamed of this port.Graphics - really outdated , even for the PS2 , it reminded me of playing the original Medal of Honor , and even that game had decent atmosphere.As a fan of the GR games and squad based games in general , I was really disappointed to find out you didnt actually have more than just one guy to order around , whereas in Jungle Storm you had a team of six.Trying to aim was harder than shooting blind , the controls were clunky as heck.The missions were way too linear , you follow one path to your objective and thats it.I just played the demo on the PC for the same game , and its so many fathoms better.If you want it on console ... get an XBOX , dont bother with it on PS2 because its like trying to play with a beer coaster , which this game made nicely ... or get it on PC if you can run it .
 Uhhh No ... , i agree w / u. this game -LSB- ... -RSB- ! o sure its fun to shoot people but the whole communicating with your squad can get annoying . i would rather mind my own buisness and go my own ways w/o worrying about where he goes or who he shoots . also , there are too many things on the screen that are blocking the gameplay . and no jump button . and , no aim button . wow . kinda pathetic . if you want some real war games , try these : Call of Duty
 Ok , so I rented the other versions of GRAW -LRB- I own the 360 version -RRB- to see how they all played . I thought I 'd give the PS2 one a shot first and I 'm extremely glad I got it out of the way . First off I do n't like Playstation games at all , so I was n't surprised that I did n't like this game . While playing the game , I realize how grateful I am to have a 360 because the graphics and gameplay of this PS2 version are pretty sad . The thing I noticed right off the bat with this game was the controls . They felt a bit awkward and it was definitely hard to control . It seemed almost boxy . To put it in better terms , it was nowhere near as `` fluid '' as seen in the Xbox 360 version of the game . The second , but probably most obvious , thing bad about this game was the graphics . Things were almost texture-less and extremely bland . Yet another bad thing I found in the game was the AI . This game had some of the dumbest AI I have ever seen . The enemies would just walk out , look at you , and wait for you to shoot them down . That may seem a bit far-fetched , but honestly , the AI was that bad!Obviously , there had to have been something good about this game . Hmmm , let 's see . Well , the night vision was good in the sense that you can see your enemies with it in broad daylight , even at far distances . So , I guess that 's kind of bad too . The menus were ok , but woop-de-doo for that , considering that 's not part of the game . The environments are a lot smaller , which makes for an easier way to get through them , but again , that 's not really a strong point either . Overall , this game is SO bad that it 's not even worth a rent , even if you only own a PS2 and want to play GRAW . Trust me , it 's not worth it .
 Ghost Recon : Advanced Warfighter , or GRAW is terrible for PS2 , like it is for XBox , and if it has came out on GameCube i bet its tterrible on dat too-If you want to play GRAW get an XBox 360 ! , otherwise stick to the old GR games!I do n`t know where to begin , Oh yeah-first of all the graphics are seriously gritty and pixelated , the squad A.I. is parallel to that of computer chess games-stupid and then gets unfair at times , If you go Online the thing is as laggy as hell-get MGS3 : Subsistence or SOCOM 3 if you want good PS2 Online expierience-and you only get 8 players rather than 16 , so that sucks big also.In this version of GRAW , You are stuck in First Person-but on the 360 version -LRB- which i have , i lended the PS2 version of a friend -RRB- you get to switch from FP to Third Person whenevr you like?What were UBISOFT thinking ??? You ca n`t jump over stuff either , like the 360 version.The only way this game issimilar to its superior 360 counterpart is that its called Ghost Recon : Advanced Warfighter-tahts all.This game is a MELTED down port of an excellent X360 game , it was mad ein like 1.5 minutes.So do i reccomed it : HELL YEAH , No i meant HELL YEAH as in the 360 version , but not the PS2 , XBox versions.bye : ------------------------ Sigs : FUTURE PS3 OWNERFUTURE NREV OWNERXBOX 360 OWNEREX-XBOX OWNERPS2 OWNERGAMECUBE OWNERPSP OWNERDS OWNER.Currently playing -LRB- @ the moment -RRB- : On XBox 360 : GRAW , COD2 and Far Cry Instincts : Predator.On PS3 : Not out yet.On NRev : Not out yet.On XBox : My XBox is broken :-LRB- - but i own a 360 now , so it do n`t matter.On PS2 : Metal Gear Solid 3 : Subsistence , BLACK and Cold WinterOn GameCube : Metroid Prime 2 : Echoes , Super Mario : Sunshine and MGS : TTS.On PSP : GTA : LCS , Persuit Force.On DS : Super Mario 64-DS , Resident Evil and Mario kart DSwhat i have previously been playing : On X360 : Perfect Dark zero , QUAKE 4-But finished them and sold ` em.On PS2 : MGS3 : Snake Eater , MGS2 : SOL,ShellShock-i upgraded from Snake Eater to Subsistence , i finished MGS2 zillions of times-I traded in ShellShock 4 CASH.On GameCube : Metroid prime 1 , GR1 and RE4.On XBox -LRB- B4 it broke -RRB- : Half-Life 2 , GR2 : SS and had peviously rented Far Cry Instincts but it was that game , my XBox broke when i was in the middle of it-So i gave 2 of the games away , and returned FCI to BlockBuster.On N64 -LRB- in 2000 -RRB- : I ` d played my last rounds of Goldeneye , Perfect Dark and DOOM 64-then i locked it away somewhere.On PS1 -LRB- In 2000 -RRB- : Along with my N64 i went on it before i upgraded to PS2-I played Metal Gear Solid , Small Soldiers and Syphon Filter 3 and TRII .
 All i wanted to know was if it was as bad as the one for x-box . Well i was very wrong in fact the ps2 versian is ten times worse than the x-box versian . Which makes it in comparison to the 360 versian ... ugh do n't go there . I really do n't want to go into detail let 's just say the graphics caused me a mild cause of nausea . And as for the gameplay well let 's just say playing with a turd you just let loose in the toilet is more fun than this game , staring into sun is more beneficial to you than playing this game . I could go on but then i would have to keep reliving the short hour I played this turd . And what is the worst part , you guessed it the price . For the mere price of 50 $ you can enjoy a game so half assed that you 'll have trouble believing Ubisoft made it .
 My daughter and I were really jazzed about this and then there was no split-screen co-op mode . The original , Jungle Storm and Rainbow Six 3 all have a two player , local-only mode so we were expecting one . No joy.We say , `` Ok , so single-player and take turns ! No problem . '' . Maybe we have been playing super-sneaky Rainbow Six too much , but not being able to crouch , corner peek is rotten . In fact all the input feel sluggish , slow , lagging and loose . Not a fun game.This last gripe is probably my fault and I have n't investigated it any . The rifle is semi-auto . This should be a military issue assault rifle w / full auto and maybe optionally burst . Even if there is a select fire toggle , why default to semi-auto ? I think i saw it flash on screen , but could not make it happen.Maybe the game will grow on me like Rainbow Six , but I am doubtful .
 This is lazy programming at its worst . This is a dumbed down version of FIFA 2004 , its got nothing new , it has n't even nailed the feel of euro 2004 as it has no real player intros , the commentators only have a couple of new things to say and theres no DVD content like there was in world cup 2002 -LRB- the only good feature from that title -RRB- The things that have changed are a downgrade , i liked the off the ball system of Fifa 2004 in Euro 2004 however its a lot harder to pull off . the shooting is also now pointlessly more difficult and the power of the shots is far to slow and weak . Do n't Buy , if you have n't got FIFA 2004 get that instead , if you have theres no reason to buy this trash .
 This game is the worst soccer game EA sports ever made , sucks . First of all , Netherlands team ... does n`t exist ... not names , nor faces , nothing !!! I really want my money back ... the comments are erroneous ... sometimes you are playing with germany and the comment says Bayer , or Inter ... what ??? ... Its to slow ... the menus are slow ... the game is slow , everything is going bad ... I really hope that Fifa 2005 does n`t suck like this game ... do n`t buyit ... you will regret if you do .
 I ca n't believe that Jeremy Mcgrath actually let Acclaim put his name on this game . I am a diehard motocross rider and fan . I already have MX2002 and think its the best game ever invented . I bought Supercross world the day it came out thinking it would be a better game than the one Carmicheal endorsed , simply because all of the awsome riders endorsed Supercross World . I am totally disatisfied with this game . i have played it maby 3 times since i bought it about 2 weeks ago . i still play MX2002 daily . I strongly urge anyone that is planning on buying this game to rent it first . You will find that you will be completley turned off by everything it has to offer . MX2002 is better all the way around in every way possible .
 I had to double check that it was n't a Playstation 1 disc after playing this game for the first time . Everything about this game is below Playstation 2 standards . One of the other reviewers summed it up best when he said that the graphics are only fair and the handling is unrealistic ... big time ! I also want to ad how lame the sound is , especially when you crash or hit into something . If people are enjoying this game it must be because they have low standards . ` Nuff said .
 What is there to say about Supercross World ? Horrible graphics . Robotic animations . Bad riders . Stupid tracks . Queer trick system . Repetitive . Easy . No free ride . Bikes are all the same , vary only by color . Terrible gameplay . No thought was put into this game whatsoever . Do n't even rent it . I 'm sure anyone who owns this game will be happy to give it away .
 I hope J McGrath enjoys the money he got for this hunk of junk . This is truely one of the worst games I have ever seen . The graphics are horrible . The music and effects are horrible . I will never buy another Acclaim game . Oy VAY what a load this game is .
 Let me just say McGrath lost to RC again but this time in the video game world . If you want a good motocross game get Mx 2002 instead .
 This was really a disappointment for me -LRB- and I only rented it -RRB- . The graphics are only fair , and the handling is nothing like being real . MX2002 is a FAR superior game ... in every respect .
 I recently bought the Playstation 2 after being a big PC gamer . I am into Motocross Madness 2 alot for pc 's . I decided to give this new title a try on PS2 because it seemed to get good reviews . I was very disapointed with this game . So unhappy , that I wanted to return the game within 5 minutes of playing it . The handling is very unrealistic . The tracks and decent in my opinion but the bike is hard to control . I really hated to give this game a bad review , but it is nothing I expected . If you really want a high quality game for PS2 , buy ATV Offroad Fury . The creator of Motocross Madness 2 made this game and the handling of the bike is 100 % better . I am hoping other titles for PS2 such as MX Rider and MX 2002 Featuring Ricky Carmichael will be better .
 This game is bad . it is boring , you just drive in a straight line most of the time , and the courses had bad graphics . at least it has a cool soundtrack , though . plus , the tricks are nearly impossible , and the trick courses are poorly made . i bought this at a used game store and returned it the next day . it is dissapointing , get atv offroad fury instead
 I am a fan of both Carmicheal and McGrath . I race dirtbikes also . I like Carmicheal better as a person and as a racer . Jeremy has to do some real butt kicking to beat MX 2002 . I dont care if MX 2002 is unrealistic its fun and that is all that matters . We will see who will win .
 McGrath should be utterly embarrassed to have his name associated with this lame offering . Even with the advantage of knowing its competition -LRB- RC MX2002 -RRB- , Acclaim has produced a major dud . The bikes are n't real , the sounds are n't real , the graphics are horrible . Stick with the RC MX2002 for an awesome MX game . Shame on you Jeremy ...
 JEREMY WILL BE THE KING AGAIN ONCE HE REGROUPS AND FOCUSES ON RIDING.EVERYBODY TALKS ABOUT RICKY BECAUSE HE ONE A FEW RACES.JUST WATCH THIS YEAR WHEN THE KING SPANKS HIM AND GETS . BACK THAT # 1 .
 I was a huge fan of the original Shadowman ; great story and gameplay . . So , inevitably , I purchsed SM2 immeadiately upon release . Bad idea . This game is awful . The music , sound , graphics , engine , dialogue , story and control are all far worse than the first time around . On top of that , you have to wait a good 30 seconds to load all the -LCB- stuff -RCB- . My best advice is to simply do n't fire another neuron in relation to this game .
 The graphics are not nearly as detailed , realistic nor impressive as DMC . The characters look like they were pulled directly off the football field from Blitz - big , bulky and cartoonish . The controls are awkward , utilizing the right analog stick to strife renders it difficult to view along side or behind you or turn to attack a pursuing enemy . The combination moves are n't nearly as impressive -LRB- I really would n't even classify them as a `` combo '' move at all ... -RRB- as in DMC , and the weapons had much more promise than what was actually used . Scenery is dull , drab and repetitive - and very , very dark - I had to adjust the color settings on my TV . Occasionally a cool graphical scene will pop up ...
 From my 12-year-old son
 this game has gotten off with way too many laid back and generous reviews . from the menu and intro it looked to be a fairly decent game . im skeptical and always have to buy games myself to see if theyre good or bad , and holy damn this is the worst one and makes me reconsider actually listening to ppl . im a big rally fan in general and figured this game would be fun , and it WOULD be , if it didnt have broken controls . the cars are ridiculously stiff and makes those Nintendo64 style arcade machines feel like real life . im not saying the driving is a little unrealistic , that would be ok as long as it was fun and drivable . the driving is IMPOSSIBLE , real racing would be easier than this . i dont care about graphics , theyre not the best for ps2 but thats not what makes this a bad game , but it sure does add insult to injury . truth is , this game is garbage and taking up space on my game shelf.so if u need an example of what this game is like
 By far the worst racing game ever terrible graphics terrible damage effects and even with the cheats it seems lame and I will not recommend this to anyone BEWARE !!!!!!!!! do n't buy this game
 I bought this game because it was an off - road racing game , and ... its a waste of money . I would recommend test drive off road instead of this game , I have both . After playing this game once I probably wo n't ever play it again . The graphics and game playing are very poor , definately not playstation 2 standards . I gave it 2 stars only because I 've played worse games .
 This game is full of glitches , and load times are roughly equivalent to waiting for paint to dry.The concept is good , but as others have said , once the extremely short campaign mode is completed -LRB- who 's heard of a ten-stage Dakar ? -RRB- there 's not much else to do.On the glitches ; it 's impossible to lose in Campaign Mode , because once you get past stage 8 , you 're automatically put into first place with a 60 minute lead over the next closest racer.Don ' t buy this . Go buy a copy of V-Rally 2 for the PS1 and you 'll have a much better time .
 This game is so horrible for kids.recently my son fell in a pit of fire and said `` women where 's the reset button '' . I had to actually slap him silly for playing the game .
 This has to be one of the worst games ever for PS2 . The controls are so sloppy it 's almost impossible to control the car . After a race go have dinner the game may have reloaded by then . The clowns at Acclaim should be ashamed . What a waste ...
 I love racing games and thought this would be a great concept for a video game , so I was excited to get this for Christmas . My friend and I sat around playing this for about an hour and we realized all of its downsides -LRB- we have yet to notice upsides -RRB- :1 -RRB- No 2-player mode . Huh ? This is a staple of every kind of racing game ! 2 -RRB- No attention to sound design . The same & * $ ! song plays between every stage throughout their abundantly long loading screens . Which brings me to point 3:3 -RRB- Abundantly long loading times . -LRB- I will never get that song out of my head ... -RRB- Most serious of all :4 -RRB- The game crashed about 4 stages in -LRB- the first time we played -RRB- . We could tell , because the song , which by this time had become hard-wired into our brains , stuck on one note -LRB- while we were stuck on yet another `` loading screen '' -RRB- . We re-booted the PS2 and then it crashed again -- and sooner!Briefly , I believe Acclaim must have spent $ 5 developing this game , and it shows . Do n't even waste your money on a used copy -LRB- and if someone offers it to you for free , run away -RRB- .
 Purchased the game , what a waist . Rushed home to play , looked pretty cool . Noticed it was a DVD not CD like some other ps2 games , which means more space , better graphics , and possibly a better game . ONE WORD FOR YOU NOOOOOPE ! I wish I would have gone to the winghouse for happy hour instead . ; -RCB- At least then I would have had a pleasurable expierence when waisting $ . .
 I have a friend named Beebo he is sad me and him bought this game it is terrible whatever you do do n't buy it AVOID AT ALL COSTS get MeTaL GeAr SoLiD 2 sOnS oF LiBeRtY .
 This game is so horrible for kids.recently my son fell in a pit of fire and said `` women where 's the reset button '' . I had to actually slap him silly for playing the game .
 The game has so much promise and delivers nothing . The loading time between races is forever and the graphics do nothing to challenge the system . When it finally loaded and the racing began , all I could think of was Out Run . The handling is poor and difficult to manage . I dare not even try Campaign mode , this is just a poorly designed game . The upside and why I rated it so high is the FMV scenes are nice to watch . Overall save your money .
 I am a big fan of fighting games , so when I saw last blade 2 for the sega dreamcast at a fair price I decided to give it a go . I was a big fan of other games of SNK 's such as samurai showdown , but when I put this game in my system the first thing that I noticed was dated graphics . I was n't sure if my eyes were playing tricks on me so I ventured on . The next thing I noticed was that it is pretty much basic fighting . There were no fire balls or hurricane kicks , just slicing with knifes and simplistic button mashing . In conclusion if some of you amatuer fighting game fans are looking for something to play an expirenced person at then this might give you the upper hand . But if you are a fan of the high flying moves then maybe this is a rental game .
 If this game were for the original Nintendo it might be decent but even then it would be hard pressed to find an excuse for why it plays so badly.I like 2D fighters . I still think Street Fighter 2 is one of the best games ever made . Samurai Showdown is another classic example of a great 2D fighter . It was this game that made me decide to pick Last Blade 2 up . If you also loved Samurai Showdown and are considering picking this game up , do n't ! This game is just awful.From the lackluster graphics -LRB- even for a 2D game -RRB- to the four frames of animation per sprite -LRB- character -RRB- this game is just a poor example of what fighting games should be . If you want a 2D fighter stick to the Capcom games and you should be fine . If you just want a great fighting game , Dreamcast has one of the best in Soul Calibur . If you 're into samurai , get Bleemcast -LRB- or a PSOne or PS2 -RRB- and get Bushido Blade 2 , but by all means , ignore this piece of junk .
 I am a fan of fighting games but this ... thing , it ... -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Do n't bother looking at it .
 but it just was n't executed correctly . This game has nice graphics and cool tracks , it 's just dull and boring . Suprising because Team 17 had a part in it , and they 're the team behind the popular Worms Series , one of the most addictive series ever made .
 it was not very good at all it had bad graphics hard to play , it had very easy scenarios ... the people who made it should have spent at least a month on making the game , jeese ...
 If you take the Lakers against the Clippers and every Clipper shoots about 80 % you know there is a problem . The only sure way to score is driving to the hoop . Outside shooting is unpredictable . Open shot - miss , double team - good . this pattern was over and over again . Skip this game and avoid frustration .
 just as bad as 98 , it might even be worse i ca n't tell the diffrence .
 This game was the worst I ' v ever played . The graphics were bad and the game play was impossible . It is true that the only way to score is to take it to the hoop . There are no real special parts about the game . I think you should just ignore this game because no good or fun comes from it .
 A very weak and confused effort.It appears that makers of this game had n't decided what they were trying to build before they starting writing this confused title . What they ended up with is a failure on many levels.This game tries to be an arcade-type basketball game - and fails . If you want an arcade b-ball game , get NBA Showtime.This game also tries to be a basketball simulator - and fails . All those wonderful offensive sets to be run , but the only thing that works is to plow towards the basket with the turbo button pressed . If you want a simulator-game , break out your Sega Genesis and play Coach K 's College Basketball.If you do n't believe me , rent this game before you buy it . Fortunately , I did - - and it saved me some christmas cash .
 If I could give this game less than one star , I would . Actually , it does deserve one star , it 's not THAT bad . I mean , other than not being able to move the mechs or the point of view as effectively as you should , and the fact that the combat is ineffectually balanced , this game is fine . The controls are awkward . The way the mechs move is awkward . The PS2 is not a good platform for a mech game in the first place , because of the relative simplicity of the controller , but this implementation goes above and beyond the call of suck . Following what seems to be a trend lately of misplaced priorities , Tommo has made a very pretty game that plays extremely poorly .
 This game is boring , visuals are bland and it 's very repetitive . this game is 2 stars as best . avoid at all costs .
 Summary
 I purchased this piece of junk that is claimed to be a game thinking that I was lucky to find a PlayStation one game in 2005 . I soon realized why the plastic wrapping was still intact since the game arrived at the preowned games dealer . Obviously , the previous owner heard how bad RC Helicopter was before even opening it . The story is extremely anticlimactict ! As the game would say , `` I be have more fun to vacuum of glass than for to play RC Helicopter . '' The translator knew as much English as I know Plutonian .
 I do n't even remember this game all that much , because I threw it in the trash after 5 or 10 minutes of play . Even though the choppers are completely stable , you still ca n't fly the damn things due to the horrendous controlls . Also , all the text is really bad . Whoever translated this game into engrish spent less time learning the english language than you will probably spend playing this peice of crap . Do not be fooled by the flying machine on the cover . This has more to do with torturing the player than flight . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I bought this back in the days of Windows 98 and the controller never worked . This is before the simplicity of USB ports and I had to attach this piece of junk to the back of my computer . A lot of us do n't keep the backing for our computer boxes easily accessible and this thing takes a lot of work to simply plug in , along with the screws to keep it in place . The setup cd never worked and I could n't download any drivers from the site . This particular controller in particular had it 's own complex driver that was not easily found on Gravis 's site . It 's amazing to see how far technology 's come with the look of some simple looking Logitech controllers compared to this bulky monstrosity . I think I 've finally had enough therapy to come back to a gamepad for my computer , but I just had to review this piece of crap for closure . Keep on gaming !
 I am running OS X 10.7.3 and the game will not install . I have contacted MacSoft so we will see if they can come up with a solution . I would not recommend you buy this product if you have a newer Mac . This game will not work with Lion . Below is the response I received from Technical Support : Unfortunately , Wheel of Fortune 2nd Edition is not compatible with OSXLion . When the game was developed , Apple was using what were calledPower PC processors . They have since switched to Intel processors , andran a program called Rosetta to allow PPC software to continue to work.Unfortunately they made the decision to remove Rosetta from OSX Lion.Because the box was printed between 2003 , it does not reflect the change.Destineer / Macsoft SupportDO NOT BUY IF YOU RUN LION ON YOUR MAC !!!
 This was really not what I wanted . All I wanted was the game on the computer to play during idle moments . Whatever this was it was not the simple game that is on my phone .
 This is the easiest game ever , me and my friend beat the whole game in 45 minutes . It is fun the first time you play and then you just lose interest . I recommend renting before buying .
 Ok so Im in Toys `` r `` us and I found a Dreamcast station with Chu Chu Rocket -LRB- what kind of name is that ? -RRB- so I played it . The controls were so tough to learn the instant you play so unlike Mario Kart 64 . And why dose n't Sega take advantage of the graphics of the Dreamcast ?? Also it becomes repetitive . If you want a fun , long lasting and easy to learn game go fetch a Mario or Crash Bandicoot game . As in my title YUCK !!!
 Where do I begin ... ? In the beginning of this game it had so much potential . I was really thinking that since the graphics were pathetic that the story would have to go on forever , which I had no problem with , I LIKE long games . Then I came to a point where the screen slowly spelled out `` Final Chapter '' . I freaked out initially because I thought this was the end , I spent ... for this wasted entertainment . Then I thought `` hmm , maybe it is just the final chapter of the PREFACE '' , which would mean that the actual `` ogre battle '' has yet to begin -LRB- which would have been great -RRB- , and the entire time I have been playing was designed to be the events that unfolded to ensure that I understood that the battle that will betaking place was a direct result of my failure to be everywhere at once . I thought maybe all that I have done was only done to ensure I understatnd the orgin of the real part of game once I got that far . I thought that at some point all of my `` soldiers '' and charecters -LRB- except the main ones -RRB- were going to become ogres and then the real fun could begin ... Well , at least I was thinking . The ending came right after that chapter and I hated it . I felt like sueing the guys who programmed it , but could n't because I did n't have a case . It was so irritating to come that far and just be let down like that . The most difficult obsticals in that game are learning to play it -LRB- translating the vauge instuction booklet -RRB- , and the patience it takes to go everywhere nine times before giving up on little `` side quest '' -LRB- In my case I never use `` stradegy guides '' like nintendo power , so this alleged `` bolt of silk '' and that damn `` annihilation '' spell book will always be a mystery , along with about anything else that I have n't even heard of yet -RRB- . I am currently working on my third time playing . So far the endings are n't much , there had better be about 60 of them or I will consider this a one star . Hmmm ... Maybe I should have played the snes one , who knows , this is just my opinion .
 This game was a real disappointment to me . The game contains a lot of profanity that frankly I would not like my children to learn . There is a warning on the box about mild language , however the language is worse than `` mild '' and it is used very frequently , within the first few minutes of game play on . The profanity is completely not needed and is way out of place in the game . Aside from this major complaint the game could be fun , though the game still remains somewhat tedious and dull .
 I know that few people will even agree with me on this ... I think that this game is far too overrated . I was expecting an RPG , but what I got was a half-backward strategy . I can easily say this is the worse game for N64 , rather out of all my gaming years , which is about 13 . This game did not cut it . RPG , role paying game . I expected a ton of dialogue , well written , with towns to enter and walk through , character development , etc. all the necessary components that classify games as RPG 's . This has none of that . There are no towns to mingle with the folks , lame character development , I began hating that characters , since I knew nothing about them ! The music was less than par , the graphics I would let slide , except that there is so little holding the game together.Battle ... now that 's another story . I 've played strategy , this was designed simply for children , or beginner RPG ` ers . The battle system is simplistic , there is no real innovation to it.I can not blame this much on Atlus , since the N64 cartridges have a limited amount of space , but still , I expected more.Beginner RPG ` ers will eat this up no doubt , but the more experienced gamers will not be impressed . I say rather that it is a gateway to great RPG 's .
 I rented this game because I THOUGHT it was a RPG game.But as it turned out , this is pretty much a divide and conqer game.The characters have no backgrounds , no storline , and no places to explore like RPG.EVEN PAPER MARIO is better than this RPG.I EVEN RECOMMEND YOU BUY PAPER MARIO INSTEAD OF ORGE 64 ! The only thing that saved this game is of its graphics and nothing more.So unless you like cuoncqer games , I suggest you do n't by this so called RPG game !
 this game kinda stinks.you go talk to this old dude who gives you these long drawn out battle plans.then you watch these long drawn out cut scenes.then you go into these map/worlds . when you get near an enemy , you fight.well , sort of.the computer does everything.theres a lot of complicated planning involved.theres no clear cut way to figure out anything.its a real pain in the hiney.whats more is i dont belive i even saw any ogres.of course im only on like level 2 since the game is totaly screwed.i bought it used and the guy before me only got that far too.no wonder i got this so cheap.this game will use up all of your extra brain space.if you thought out how to beat it.you wouldnt have the brain sense left to eat cheerios.someone would have to run you an iv.youd almost have to be like freakin fixated on its ended.its totaly freakin ridiculous.and then , as youre being slain by little people with sticks , even though youre sporting a dragon , you are helpless to defend yourself.it sucks .
 GRAPHICS
 ok I finally bought this game . I was waiting and waiting for this game to come out for a long time . hmm . . but let me tell you , this game . . is a total disappointment . what can I say . . I knew it ! as soon as I saw they put the demo of some other game in the same disk . who care about how their future game will look like ? first of all , I did n't spend my ... dollar just to see some stupid demo ! anyway lets review something here before I go nuts . Romance 6 is mainly focus on humanity and wars . the political part of this game is limited . most of the command that you used to be able to operate in older version has been taken off . everything in this game are now playable for any 8 year old kid . what are they getting lazy ? or they want to attract younger people or what ! the map . . it is very annoying cause you ca n't really see the whole map unless you make the main command screen disappear . there is no graphic to talk about since this game was never about graphics from the 1st one . music is relaxing but thats about it . I think KOEI people rushed this game too early to the market . this game supposed to be a good strategic game . It is not the game that you wan na spend 40 something dollars . In fact , KOEI should be giving away this game for fee ! as a sample . If you never bought any of `` Romeance of the three kingdom '' series , I suggest you to buy romance 4 . do not buy romance 6 . you wo n't like it I guarantee .
 I wonder what koei was thinking , I currently owned all romance games and was very anxious to see thsi one come out . As i was playing it all m y hopes of how good the game should be were flushed down the toilet . The instruction mannual what is what caused a late release sucks , it doesnt help you out or say what to do much . There is no training soilders , nor rewarding officers . I dont like how you cant have extended wars , and you are so limited in the game in what you can do month to month . You cant learn new skills and the game is limited in war tatics such as weather , wind , bolt and alot other things that made the game fun . As for ranking system , sience the instruction mannual suchks still havent figured out how to get rank . And one finail note , If you make a charater you better make him 35 yeras old because the stats you give him we wont obtain tell he gets that old . That is REALLY cheezy and major letdown . When i obtained special weapons it doesnt tell you , you have to figure that out on your own if you got them from beating a general . And i hate the fact you lose men in winter if you are at war . I beat the whole game first night owned not needing anything but regular foot soilders , making all those special types non desirable to get , I never even had a duel . Compared to part four what is the best koei game ever made , i think worste then even part two . And the way the war scene is out , where you give your commands , in three ay intervals can become very confusing and is dumb because you may want a unit to do something different on day two and three . For only having thirty day wars if you win the battlefeild war on day 25 you only have 5 days to conquer castle what wont happen . Then you have to retreat and the enemy gets a whole month to send reinforements . Again this game is a big let down . I will never buy a koei game again . What funis a game where you just sit on your turn and do nothing , just waiting for gold . You cant build weapons , and the stupidest thing of all is if you want to get a vacent city , you need to attack the city and you will lose soilders in attacking a emepty city . Later you dont even need to keep a officer on your state to claim it as yours . As for stupid you can attack a land city with a navel unit , where thers no water andyou will win after losing a few soilders .
 This game 's a pile garbage ! The developers claimed that they wanted to create a game that lived up to the true innovation of real-life backyard wrestling . Well if this game 's any indication of what backyard wrestling 's really like , forget it . I rented this game the other day from my local video store . After playing about 5 minutes horrendous gameplay , I soon felt that I was ripped off out of the money I paid to rent this garbage -LRB- thank goodness for rentals -RRB- . Here are some major downfalls of BW : The character models are poor.When characters talk , the mouths do n't even move.Computer AI is extremely cheap.Computer has almost 99 % perfect accuracy when picking up & throwing weapons from a distance at you , they almost never miss.Create-Character-Mode is cheap beyond cheapness.Replay value is n't great -LRB- after unlocking all the characters after one sitting , what 's the point ? -RRB- . Especially creating characters . The worst part of the game . Fans of WWE Create-a-character modes will be woefully disappointed . The player ca n't even create a character from scratch , all they can do is select a pre-made character and mobilize their stats and fighting style . You ca n't even develope the character 's costume . All you do is choose a costume that has already been made -LRB- imagine playing a fighting game as your favorite character and choosing a different costume for them to fight in , that 's technically all you can do -RRB- . There are n't even many move to choose from for your character . Yes the game does have it 's strong points such as taking full advantage of the X-box 's custom soundtracks system , and there are some nice videos to watch in the media room -LRB- some of which have to be unlocked -RRB- . However , is it really worth playing through , just for videos ? What 's worst is that the game does n't even play like a wrestling game . It plays more so of that as a button-mashing fightng game . Take it from me , there are plenty of better wrestling games out there -LRB- I really feel for those who poured out their fifty bucks of hard earned cash on this title -RRB- . And to those considering buying BW , avoid this title at all costs . Even WWF RAW is better !
 This game was cool in theory . Blood , chaos , violence , great sountrack -LRB- ESPECIALLY BECAUSE YOU CAN OMIT THE LOUSY I.C.P. , TWIZTED GARBAGE SONGS ! -RRB- BUUUUUT , its way too frustrating to play . You start off getting beaten and thats about it . There is no easy , beginner starting point , just yer backside getting handed to you . I did n't like it -LRB- in case you could n't get the hint -RRB- Bought it , opened it , played it for 10 minutes , boxed it back up and returned it . That sums it up . Do n't bother .
 this game sucks can i have my money back
 A very interesting concept . Eidos deserves kudos for the sheer creativity of setting Backyard Wrestling in a some sort of alternate universe . A wonderul universe were weapons curve mind-air to hit an opponent , where massive 3rd degree wounds hurts less than getting smacked in the head with a basketball , and a universe where ICP is cool , and not the most awful mistake in the history of the world.Pros : - Soundtrack -LRB- sans crappy ICP and Twiztid songs -RRB- Cons : - Disgustingly bad physics-Characters that lack creativity and depth-SSSSSSSSSlllllloooppppy combat system and controls-Lack of variety in moves-Sub-Par GraphicsThis Game is not even worth a rental fee . It is awful .
 Tenchu2 itself is n't an utterly terrible game -- I know I 've put in a good 10 hours or more on it , but what 's frustrating is how there is so much promise and so much failure both in the same package . The feel of the game is that Activision rushed this one out the door , and throughout the game you 'll find bugs , glitches and all sorts of annoying problems that would lead one to believe that the game was n't even beta tested . Here 's my list of gripes : - The controls are worse than Tenchu 1
 I was always a huge fan of Tenchu , yet never bought the sequel . It can be had for very little these days so I finally bought it . It is almost unplayable . All they really had to do was smooth out some of the bugs in Tenchu 1 , make some new levels and it would have been a half decent sequel . Instead they focused on additional features and ignored the fundamentals that made Tenchu 1 so good . I 'm going to list some of the serious frustrations that make this game awful : Control Issues1 - Teleport climbing . In tenchu 1 , encountering a rock meant you stopped and either had to jump over it or go around it . The Tenchu 2 programmers thought it would be better to have the protagonist teleport on top of the rock . This happens all the time when you are n't trying for it . It can even happen with 4 foot fences , or my favorite the 5 ft torches which immediately set you on fire as if you were doused in kerosene . So what starts out as a standard hallway navigation turns into a fiery disaster .2 - Inconsistent rolling . Tenchu teaches us that rolling around all over the place is part of being a ninja . In Tenchu 1 , the rolls were straight and crisp every time . In Tenchu 2 rolling backwards can sometimes mean that you turn at the same time , and then you get too close to a wall and do the hug the wall move . Since this is invariably a corner , you ca n't see anything because the camera does n't know where to go . This general turn rolling is all over Tenchu 2 and it makes it so you can not roll nicely away from a risky kill , or to get a better view of your opponent . Instead you just have to stand up and run away with exasperation .3 - Turning away from the enemy . Tenchu controls are for stealth not fighting . Fighting has always been a Tenchu weak point and frequently you face away from your opponent . Tenchu 1 gave us the two sideways slices that both offer ways of attacking your enemy while rectifying your direction . The Tenchu 2 guys thought it was wise to get rid of both of them .4 - Confusing cut off stealth kill glitches . What the heck is this ? You go up for a throat slash and instead the camera angle instantly changes , the control pad rumbles , the enemy starts his death animation , you get a few yells , your ki meter goes to !? and your sword is out .5 - The grappling hook . Gone is my trusty hook that never misses and always gets me out of jams . I often thought of how it was the cornerstone of what made Tenchu 1 good by giving the player so much freedom . Now instead i have one that requires that my ninja is completely perpendicular to the surface and not attaching to any polygon cracks . Otherwise we get an embarrassing fall . Ludicrously frustrating this thing.Other Problems1 - Boring , uninspired landscapes .2 - Incredibly lame bosses . The first boss for instance fights you with a very long smoking pipe . He even attacks by blowing smoke in your face . Remember this is a ninja , yet a little tobacco smoke completely incapacitates him . Worst of all he 's not a pushover like etchi-goya and so the game enrages you beyond the standard bounds of psychology .3 - Vision distance is even worse than in Tenchu 1.4 - Out of place modern western philosophy . Ninja 's have honor ? The whole village is upset because one of the ninja is dead ? Ninja 's running around hanging out with children ? Samurai being bribed ? Lord Ghoda is crying in front of his subordinates ? Ghoda sacrifices himself to save his enemy ? None of these are feudalistic Japanese principles and would be considered completely insane . The storyline is painful to watch .5 - Stupid looking regular enemies . The elf looking guys in level 2 particularly piss me off .6 - No in level music . In fact the wonderful music of Tenchu 1 has been replaced by repetitious and completely obnoxious sounds . Dripping water in a cave , woodpecker in the forest etc. . . Some good ideas were put into this game , and there were some nice new features . However , in going for these they lost what made the game good . Do n't waste your time with it .
 This game is bad . I loved the first Tenchu game , and the PS2 version rocks . The entertainment factor here can best be described as standing on a packed bus on an 95 degree day , with no air-conditioning ... someone crapped thier pants ... you do n't know who , the bus stinks , you just missed your stop , and the next stop is not for another 20 minutes ... yeah it 's that much fun ! The game play is rough , the landscapes are not interesting , and it lacks all of the fine tuned quality of the first game . You are constantly fighting the camera angles .
 I recently purchased Tenchu II and before I played it I went online to get codes for it because the first one , if you did n't have codes , would be very challenging . After difficulty getting the codes , I tried the game . When I was going to use the codes , I tried several times to restore health , increase items , etc. . . Every attempt I made did not do anything . And I am certain that I made sure I did exactly what they said because they were right in front of me . And the training , I feel if you never played the first , in my case i own it and enjoyed playing it , you would have serious difficulty in the final test of training . Also , in the first level , when you reach the end you have to battle the leader of thieves . He appears to be a wimp and an easy kill but he is almost if not impossible to outrun or to kill at least without the codes . I could continue but I feel I said enough . Renting this game would be a much , much better , smarter and cheaper way to play , if you want to even bother .
 Do not buy this midget guitar it is much smaller than the guitar that came with my game . I was fooled by the reviews do n't let them fool you . Oh yeah and get this it is not compatiable with my other guitar , which is the reason I bought it in the first place . It does not work with for multiplayer . Pay the extra $ 25 and get a better guitar .
 What a disappointment . First , although it comes in a box the same size as a regular GH2 guitar , this controller is about 2/3 the size . I found this very uncomfortable and , well , if you thought the regular GH controller looked silly , this was downright ridiculous . The whole thing looks and feels cheap and when I got it out of the box , there was the sound of something rattling around inside.After plugging it in -LRB- and waiting about 60 seconds for it to connect -RRB- I immediately felt how stiff everything is . To use star power you need to tilt the controller completely vertical and hold it there . And just to make it complete , the whammy bar was broken.I returned this product immediately .
 I purchased this to complement the wired controller for the GH2 bundle . I was The price was good , and when I got it it the color and design looked good until we went to use it . First the location of the top strap knob is completely worthless ! The shoulder strap will not stay on this knob . What idiot designed this ? Secondly the size is shorter than the Sony controllers , which is good news for the smaller kids , but my tween kids hated the smaller size and so did I. Thirdly controller response was noticeably slightly slower to that of the wired controller which is important . Finally this controller worked with the first GH3 releases but is not compatible with Guitar Hero 3 . Do n't buy this guitar unless you plan not to use it !
 Hello , we have sold thousands of these and not one other customer has thought this other than you ! this comes from the email that they sent me after asking what i that had thought i was going to happen . then they go on to say they do not have to do with any of the posting amazon is the one that dose it . wow wow that is what i want from some the i 'm buying from . not try to fix it but pass it on to someone . they go on to me the know one think that . that there would be no way to think that you can get some thing for the price in did . I have gone to buy alot of things for amazon before and i have gotten the wolds best deal before the wording of the posting was realley bad . nut they sad they will not fix the wording for other buyers but in the end i have got bad help but this takes it allthe are realley bad and will not help you at all hope the this will hlep some one not to buy for someone that will not help you.thank for read my mad writngfromsome guy that care
 Everything was just the way is supposed to be ... no problems with anythingthanks
 This link cable does n't work . There is something inside blocking one of the connectors but the cable is supposed to be new . My parents told me to find out how to return it but I keep forgetting . I wasted my money .
 this item did not work and although I tried to contact the seller for an exchange or return , I received no response .
 Unless you enjoy having to replace two of your game systems and probably your games , I suggest NOT buying this . Nintendo has clearly stated that accessories that have not been licensed by them have been known to cause malfunctions in Nintendo products . And it is n't just cables - Ever had an Action Replay completely screw up your game ? Guess what . Same company right here . There 's a reason that Nintendo says these things . And unlike some companies out there , * cough , Sony * Nintendo does n't just say things like ` If we do n't make it it sucks and no one should ever buy it . ' This product is not licensed for one or more of three reasons
 First off . . I bought this thinking it was for a DS . . not the PC ... but attempted to play anyways . . and it was n't very easy ... I felt like I was missing steps . . and could n't figure out the assessment . . and drawing conclusions . . I donno . . definitely would n't recommend it ! ... and I 'm a RN
 I bought this game , as a critical care nurse , for the fun of it . Too bad , as I can easily diagnose the problems and know what to do next , I ca n't get the software to do what I want . For example , when a patient has a `` cardiac arrest '' , -LRB- has a lethal arrhythmia -RRB- I want to get the defibrillator and shock , but I ca n't get the software to do it ... so the chief doctor comes on and says I 've killed the patient . So much for fun !
 Too bad we ca n't try these things out before we buy them ! This `` game '' is limited in scope and , after the third crash , I gave up on it . Give me The Sims any day !
 Fot all the hype I have seen promoting this game I expected much better.It seems as if they rushed to put this game out without really fine tuning it . The only thing amusing about this game is all the conversations Tony can strike up .
 This game for the most part is a blatant ripoff of grand theft auto.The graphics are not that good & the missions you must complete are sometimes really boring or just plain confusing . If you want a real street action game try the latest GRAND THEFT AUTO . If you can pick up this scarface game for under $ 10.00 it 's worth it . Otherwise do n't expect much for your money .
 The product came defective . It did not come in the original box cover and also it did not work at all . When the game did load , it froze almost immediately and half the time it is not &#34; recognized &#34; while all my other games work fine so I know it is the disks fault , you can see clear scratches on it that may be the reason why but it stated it was in &#34; good &#34; condition . Highly disappointed .
 I was so excited to see this game come out - I loved the Godfather , and From Russia with Love , and the hype surrounding this game was incredible . The actual game , however , was incredibly disappointing . The driving controls , especially compared to the driving controls in The Godfather , are AWFUL . I was having so much trouble driving I kept looking through the handbook to see if I was doing something wrong , but from what I saw I was using the controller the way I was supposed to . Most of the missions involve driving , under a specific time limit , and with these awful controls , I gave up early - way too frustrating . The musical play list that you get to control was fun , but I would have liked more free-roaming like in the Godfather . I was also looking forward to hearing everyone 's voices that were in the opening credits - Dale Earnhardt Jr ??? But since I have almost totally given up on it now , I guess I wo n't get to hear their voice acting talent . Does anyone know if they plan to re-release this on the xbox 360 ? Maybe some of the control issues could be worked out before then . This game had so much potential that right now it is not living up to .
 This game is just not fun . The moves are so hard to do . There are way too many complicated things to do . Why ca n't shoot just be triangle , or hit be the circle etc. like most games ? Ugh . Think we get rid of it as soon as possible .
 Do yourself a favor and rent the game from your local video store before wasting your money . The one thing that I really hate about this game is that you can not jump . How dumb is that ? When playing the game you have to go uncessary routes in order to get places , because you can not jump . The storyline is pathetic . I laugh everytime I look at the case of the game sitting on top of my tv , this is where the game will stay
 Every year there has to be a game adapted from a classic movie or based on a classic movie -LRB- From Russia With Love , which is actually not a bad game . -RRB- . Recentlty just landing my hands on a copy of this , I simply could n't resist picking up SCARFACE
 I think this game sucks because it 's to violent like Grand Theft Auto and maybe this game should not be played by younger kids . Also I want to say is that I think this game sucks because there is no other way they could 've replaced Al Pacino I mean come on guys Pacino is only 66 years old and he may be a little bit old to be acting in this kind of stuff now . I mean he yes he did act in the Movie Scarface back in 1983 but now I guess aging is what matters now for original actors . Anyway I give this game a 1 out of 5 !
 I would have given it two and a half stars , but I 'll have to give it two . There are some fun puzzles in this game , but it lacks a lot.One -- some of the puzzles are badly unoriginal . The worst example of this is a player piano that imitates the game `` Simon '' , where you have to remember the tune and play it back . Other puzzles almost repeat themselvesTwo -- the puzzles do not interact with the game play at all . The game is basically just a walkthrough movie , with puzzles here and there to solve so that you can make it to the next part of the movie . In this respect , it is somewhat like the game `` Fool 's Errand `` Three -- the animation moves too darn slow in the puzzles . When you click on a move , the characters or icons on the screen move annoyingly slow.Overall though , if you buy it cheap off the rack , it will be worth it for you . But it is still not a great game at all .
 When this game first came out it was outstanding . We have come along way since then . The story is very weak . There are way too many puzzles closely resembling chess . The piano puzzle is overdone and the Basement maze is from hell itself-even with hints . The scenes are gross but fun . It is fun watching the scenes unravel eventually . It is a nice house .
 The 7th Guest has a good premise , but the inability to escape out of boring -LRB- and useless -RRB- dialog is almost enough to make me cry in frustration . The games are fun enough , but it takes so long to get through the introductory chatter -LRB- which replays every time you need to start a particular game over to get it right -RRB- that it 's almost not worth it .
 I was so happy to find a PC game based in a haunted house that featured lots of puzzles to solve . It sounded like it would be fun and spooky . It seemed to come highly recommended . So I bought it . I was bitterly disappointed with the game when I finished playing . I do n't really have a complaint with the graphics . The game came out in the early 90 's after all . The music , however , has to go . Sometimes it was so loud I could barely hear what the characters were saying . It does n't serve to set the mood that you 're in a creepy haunted house . It 's just someone playing a mad synthesizer . I had to turn it off , it got so annoying . I also wish I could have turned off Stauf 's commentary . At one point , you 're journeying through a maze . Each time you hit a dead end , he says , `` feeling ... lonely ? '' I swear I heard him say it 50 times . I wanted to scream . The storyline of the game sounds interesting enough , but it does n't really go anywhere . The ending left me feeling confused . The outside of the box says I am the 7th Guest . Throughout the game you see the ghost of a young boy who is referred to as the 7th Guest . So , is that boy supposed to be me ? Am I supposed to be a ghost in the house , myself ? Then why should I have to solve all these puzzles to figure out what happened , when it happened to ME ? And that 's another thing , the puzzles are awful . With most of them , you do n't even get a hint as to what you 're supposed to do to solve the puzzle . A couple of them were interesting , but overall I found them tedious . Definitely not the fun challenge I had anticipated .
 The available features are very handy , and the program allows you to zoom in and out which is helpful for those of us not blessed with 20/20 vision . Navigation is simple and intuitive . Overall , the program is pretty much what you 'd expect in a crossword puzzle.The most disturbing problem is the extraordinary number of typos present ! Many times , two letters are transposed in the puzzle and you will be told that your answers are incorrect ; to have the program count your efforts as a `` success , '' you must know the _ REAL _ answer and then play around with the letters to make it match the program 's _ incorrect _ answer . I was quite disappointed by this particular flaw . While I have experienced the same problem with other crossword software titles , I had hoped that a product associated with the New York Times would have placed a higher priority on accuracy . It 's disheartening to see such a fine paper lend their name to a clearly inferior product .
 The shipping was fast . The box was worn around the edges so it could not be given as a gift even though the item was `` new '' . The refund was quick and hassel free .
 I belong to the the NYTimes Crossword . I bought the Crosswords App for my iPad and every day I download -LRB- automatically , just by opening the App on a WiFi connection -RRB- that NYT puzzle and I am ready to solve it simply by touching my iPad screen . Using my macbook is positively cumbersome in comparison . Just like solving them with Across Lite on my Macbook , this App allows me to turn off and on the helper . Thus , if I want to see a mistake when I make it , I can , or vice versa . I can also find out how long I took to solve it , what percentage I scored and how my time stacks up to my fellow players . And that is not the only set of puzzles on this App . There are others from the US , some from Canada , some from England , and one from France if you can do crosswords in French ! This App cost me ten bucks compared to the fortune this game costs . There are no typos on the App either . I can not overstate how heavenly just touching a screen with your fingers is as opposed to using a keyboard to solve a crossword . Big print too . I can do it without my glasses .
 If you 've played 7th Guest , you 've played 11th Hour . It 's the same house -- the same puzzles -- the same general story -- and most of the same actors . Did they think that adding more and better FMV cutscenes would disguise that ? Puh-LEASE . The only really positive thing about the game is how much fun it is to wander through an abandoned house poking at things . The puzzles are all of the improbable chess-problem sort , and several of them require you to play against the computer , a situation that is not always winnable . Quite frustrating ! especially since every wrong move you make gets you an insulting remark by the overacting villain . Add to it that the basic story is hopelessly contrived and silly , the ending unrewarding , and the neverending music boring and hokey , and ... well , I would n't call it a winner.If you 're intrigued by ghost stories , go play 7th Guest . It 's more fun and at least has the benefit of originality .
 The 11th hour is a fair game . It 's mix of puzzles and riddles along with the movies are the foundation for a great game , but somewhere along the way someone forgot something . The storyline leaves a great deal to be desired , you quickly begin to dislike all the people in it . The mansion is a little bit creepy , being in ruins , but it just looks more dirty than anything . The puzzles are mostly games against Stauf , rather than real puzzles like in the 7th guest . All of the games/puzzles are lacking the creepy deranged quality that was so prevolent in the 7th guest . The music does n't leave you feeling paranoid , like you are being watched , one of the greatest losses from the first game . In this game Stauf does n't taunt you with creepy phrases and sly comments , instead he insults you with none of the famous Stauf wit that leaves your bones chilled and increadibly nervous . I personaly became rather irritated at stauf 's comments . All in all the 11 hour is missing all of the elements that made the 7th guest such a horrifyingly unnerving game , but in and of itself it makes a decent horror film/game .
 I liked the first game -LRB- 7th Guest -RRB- a bit , mainly because the puzzles were so strong that it was fun . The acting was atrocious . The sequel is a bit like most movie sequels ... not quite as interesting as the previous . The acting is still bad , the puzzles to some degree are almost identical in nature , and the storyline goes exactly nowhere . If you have n't played the 7th Guest , then maybe you 'll like it , but I think I liked the music more on 7th Guest , so get that if you can .
 As with most sequels , The 11th Hour suffers from trying to outshine its predecessor by doing something completely different while failing to retain the essence that made the first one great . Instead of relying on the exploration of Stauf 's mansion to tell the story as you witness past events , discover clues , and solve puzzles , the story of The 11th Hour is provided through FMV cut-scenes players unlock by completing puzzles and locating items . The gross majority of these scenes take place outside of the mansion to supply background information on the person you are trying to find and the mystery she was trying to unravel about Stauf . Unfortunately , it disrupts the feeling of being immersed within the story and serves as a constant reminder you are being helped by someone on the outside who could probably call for help at any time . These design changes for the game mechanics and storytelling transitions the series from a suspenseful tale of horror into a detective mystery.The 3D rendered graphics are fantastic and make exploring the mansion feel like a whole new experience . It is thrilling to walk around where you 've been before anticipating what has changed and how , what has stayed the same and why , and what new rooms will you discover . Thematically , searching the house at night using your flashlight is creepy and sets the mood . However , since you can not control where you shine the light , it also eliminates the opportunity to appreciate how much detail and effort was put into creating each room . You have the option to play the game in black and white , but most of the puzzles remain in color and the juxtaposition is distracting.Moving through the mansion feels awkward when compared to The 7th Guest . Whereas before you would glide from room to room or item to item creating the sense you were physically moving , in The 11th Hour most of your movements snap from one place to another similar to Myst . If there were a time limit on the game -LRB- as the title may suggest -RRB- , then streamlining how the player moves throughout the house would make sense . However , the title is just a gimmick and the eleventh hour has no bearing on your progress through the story.Unfortunately , the game suffers the most from the poorly done FMV sequences -LRB- the acting and production in Night Trap was better -RRB- and shallow plot . The relationship between Carl Denning and Robin Morales is forced and superficial , leaving no reason to believe he would actually go searching for her in the Stauf mansion -- why not just call the police . And since the FMV scenes are narrowly focused on the details surrounding Robin 's disappearance , you learn more about the people in town than about Stauf or his mansion . The worst part of the storytelling resides in the multiple endings , which only cause you to wonder `` Why did you need to enter the mansion at all ? `` Overall , The 11th Hour transmuted a captivating psychological horror experience into a cheap B-movie with puzzles . If you can look past the bad acting and contrived storyline to focus on the puzzles , then you might want to consider this game . Otherwise , purchase and play -LRB- or replay -RRB- The 7th Guest while Trilobyte continues working on their third installment of this series .
 I was very disappointed in the technical aspects of this game . I really enjoyed `` The 7th Guest '' , and I thought that I would enjoy this one as well . Unfortunately , getting the disk to run was a MAJOR nightmare ! After spending an hour and a half trying to get the game to start -LRB- the game required me to change and configure audio drivers , without giving any help doing it ! -RRB- , I was finally able to get it to go , but even then the sound was pretty much shot . Other problems I had with it
 Definitely this game had possibilities
 The sequel to 7th Guest , 11th hour turns what was sort of a fairy tale horror story -LRB- like Frankenstein -RRB- into something much more ` gritty ' and adult . I was very dissapointed . Issues such as rape , mutilation , and lots of gore are brought up in this game and all of the psychological horror of the previous game -LRB- which is what made it such a ball for me to play -RRB- has been forgotten.The plot goes along and you 're a reporter seeking his friend who is trapped in the mansion of Stauf . A lot of things from the previous game were ignored ... in 7th guest the mansion ws up on a high rocky hill and in 11th hour its now in a grassy lot with an iron fence around it.I did n't like the fact that they decided to make such a unique concept into something more ` adult and gritty ' , and as I progressed through the storyline I began to pretty much hate everyone in the game character wise . Are n't you supposed to want to save people?On a technical aspect , the folks that have re-released this game have done nothing to update the software at all and there is a very high likleyhood that this wo n't run on your machine . My copy decided to install a little shareware VGA driver on my computer without my permission and it was an annoyance to get rid of.Overall , the dissapointing story and software problems made this game not worth the money , even at the reasonable price being offered for it .
 No help from tech staff if you have a problem with installing disc , had to return faulty disc . Also messed up my computer , had to have help to straighten out my programs
 I played 7th Guest and thought that 11th Hour would be a good sequel but I could never get it to run . I could not get ANY help from the makers after several phone calls and e-mails and downloading help files from the internet . I even bought two games because I was told my first was probably had damaged installing files . So unless you are a computer genious on rearranging your whole system to fit this game I WOULD NOT recommend it to anyone . And I only gave it 1 star because I wanted to put 0 but I had to enter at least 1 in order to post this .
 I managed to beat the game on all three dificulty levels in the span of a couple of hours . I felt like it was the biggest waste of my money on a sim that I have made in years . Many of the functions such as shovelers are a total waste of time as the fire will either be put out or spread before they are of use on the one mission they can be used on . Moving the firefighters inside of a building is a nightmare and it is almost impossible at times to finish a mission as you can not get to the person to rescue . Hose teams can only be used out doors and there are hardly any fires outdoors . Indoors you have fire extinguishers . Not realistic might be engaging to an 11 year old or less other wise save up for something better .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! ! ! IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY FOR ME AND IT HAS POOR GRAPHICS AND IT IS VERY HARD TO CONTROL ALONG WITH ALSO THE FIREFIGHTERS AND THE PEOPLE DIE TO FAST FOR YOU TO EVEN DO ANYTHING TO TRY AND HELP THEM .
 Do n't waste your time or money . The people you command do n't even follow your orders , they just run into random things that are n't actually there , but apparently the game thinks they are , creating a huge mess . When you try to quit a mission , it does n't let you , it just brings you back to the fire scene with no ability to do anything . I really wish I could find a really good firefighting game out there . Any suggestions ?
 AS A VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER WHO LIKES COMPUTER GAMES , THIS WAS A TRAGIC DISAPPOINTMENT IN EVERY SENSE OF THE GAME , FROM BAD GRAPHICS TO LACK OF REALISM AND CHALLENGE . PURE JUNK I HOPE THEY CAN COME OUT WITH SOMETHING BETTER FITTING OF OUR NATIONS FIREFIGHTERS .
 I am the wife of a firefighter & started basic training myself . This game can let you `` pretend '' to be a firefighter , but in reality , this game does n't come close !! It does show what it is like to `` be in a fire '' & `` fight a fire '' , but it is way to easy !! Our 12 year old son beat all 3 levels within a matter of hours . -LRB- He could master this game w / no idea of what fighting a real fire is like . -RRB- If you want an `` idea '' of being a `` true American hero '' is like , go for it . As for the firefighters out there ... do n't waste your money on it for the `` adrenaline '' rush ! It is n't worth it !
 This remote is nearly useless if you have an older PS2 . None of the regular DVD player buttons -LRB- stop , pause , play , etc. -RRB- work , you can only use the buttons that are the same as the PS2 controller -LRB- square , circle , triangle , x , etc. -RRB- . The official Sony remote comes with software to update the older PS2s , but this Pelican remote does not.The item description also says that the power and eject buttons will work , but , just like with the official Sony remote , they only work with newer PS2s with the built-in IR sensor .
 moderately good at first but gets boring in a few hours . Very disappointing !!! A disgrace to the makers of the game !
 Tetris Worlds provides several different ways to play Tetris . All the games are addictive , fun , and a lot more complicated than one would think.However , the blocks are very difficult to see ! The production staff created a washed-out , pastel look to the blocks that makes them transparent . The colors are often impossible to differentiate . Every time I play , I get a headache from squinting so much!It 's a shame that this defect ruins a perfectly good game .
 I 'm not impressed . The NEW Tetris still stands as the best Tetris ever to be made . That was for the N64 system . They 've tried to incorporate all of the other Tetris clones into one game which would actually be alright if they had put a little more effort into it . First off the modes of play are cool . They even have the New Tetris `` Square '' mode where you can make gold or silver 4x4 blocks out of 4 like pieces -LRB- gold -RRB- or different pieces -LRB- silver -RRB- . That was the most fun part about the N64 version . The Atomic mode is challenging and fun as well . However the graphics make it difficult to distinguish which blocks are which and often cause eye strain after awhile . Multiplayer has totally been ruined in that you race to complete a level instead of the classic play till you die , or play until someone gets to 150 lines , or a timed limit . When one player completes a level the game ends for everyone else and a new round starts . The rounds end up becoming too short and tedious and multiplayer loses its charm . Overall if you love Tetris you 'll like the game but do n't expect anything you have n't seen before , and do n't expect it to take full advantage of the Cube 's graphical power .
 I bought this game hoping that I could play Tetris on a much bigger screen . I have Tetris games for Gameboy Color and Gameboy.The color of the blocks , and the `` wind '' during the game , make the blocks very hard to distinguish , and very disturbing . Solid color for the blocks are much more preferable.The game makes my eyes hurt every time I play it . I will have tears go all the way down to my chin , and I have to stop . I could not play this game for over 10 minutes . My highest Tetris score on Gameboy Color is 8 million . It is very frustrating for me not being able to play the Tetris on GameCube solely because it hurts my eyes . I could not enjoy the game in any way . I have not played any game that can make my eyes hurt like this .
 Tetris is awesome . I could play that time waster all day - but something is amiss with this game and it manages to make me not want to play.It could be the loud thumping synth and techno music that plays in the background on infinte loop , or it could be the fact that they attempted to add a story to Tetris by adding strange `` creatures '' that speak a more annoying version of Animal Crossing 's babelese , it could be that the colors look like they have been washed out and are difficult to tell apart , or it could be that there are barely any modes to play except marathon tetris games.I think the real reason is that they just botched it . Its Tetris in some ways but there 's just something off about it .
 Tetris is a really cool game ... when you play it the normal way . My favorite tetris was The New Tetris because it was like the first one ever created and it was fun . This one is stuped . The most stuped thing is that lady talking everytime you get a line . Also its stuped how you have to keep on playing and playing . They have arcade mode but still its not to much fun !
 I got this game thinking it was going to be like my other tetris game I had on my old computer . I must say I was very disappointed in it and the store wont take it back as its been opened , arghhhhhhhhh . Anyway , it takes forever to move on to the game . You have to go through all this crazy world stuff first . -LRB- ... -RRB- But thats what it sounds like . I wont let me 7 year old play and I sure dont like listening to this women . The game would have be fine had they left all the nonsense out of it . But I 'm looking for a better version of this game . I wouldnt recomend buying this item at all . This game went in the garbage and I took a money loss.JJ
 but I bought if because it was the first Tetris I ever had , and maybe can figure out a way to make it work , . Nostalgia in the electronic age ! .
 The game never worked . I thought I had bought a game , but it was only the CD music for the game . What a waste of money ; it was too much trouble to send it back , so it was a total loss .
 I ca n't get this program to run with Nero installed , I just get an errorbox about a debugger . The game runs fine when Nero is uninstalled , but after re-installing Nero it refuses again.Tried this on various computers -LRB- XP Pro and Home , English and Norwegian version , Nero OEM and Full -RRB- but got the same results everywhere . Customer support does n't get further than advising to uninstall Nero.Don ' t buy this program if you need Nero .
 After playing some other Scooby games my daughter -LRB- 8 -RRB- and I decided to pick up this one . Unfortunately it was not as good as the previous one we played -LRB- Some Egypt location game -RRB- . This one was more annoying than anything else . She finished it really quickly and basically put it away for good shortly after . The previous game has a high replay value - not so with this one . It might be fun for younger ones though ...
 I was a big fan of the YDKJ games in the 90s , and I was excited to see that the two newer versions were supposed to be Mac-compatible . I purchased YDKJOL and was disappointed to discover that it does not work on newer Macs -LRB- MacBook or MacBook Pro -RRB- . The game itself might be a lot of fun , but I am not able to comment on that .
 Beware that the latest model of Wii , the `` Family Edition '' that is currently bundled with Super Mario Bros. . Wii is not compatible with this adapter . More specifically , the latest Wii lacks Gamecube support altogether , there are no Gamecube controller ports or memory card sockets . That 's not a fault of this product , however it is a critical detail for new customers.There is another product on the market that lets you plug PS2 controllers into the Wiimote , it 's just called a `` PS2 to Wii Converter '' . I would look into that instead .
 i just received mine , and i guess im blind or a newbie but i cant find a place to plug the ting in on my wii . didntnt include much for instructions or troubleshooting either .
 Wow , this took me back ... Opening up the link cable box , connecting my game boy with my game boy colour and starting my first ever pokemon trade ... still ca n't beat that feeling .
 This cable does not work on my two Game Boy SPs . I 'm pretty sure it 's not the Game Boys , because my GBA-GBA and GBA-GCN cables work .
 Light is not very bright , does not work as well as the one purchased 10 + years ago .
 The light has a yellow bulb . VERY hard to see when you are playing the game . Casts more a a shadow than any light.NEVER use it . Waste of money !!
 This is not what I ordered ! I ordered the Nyko Super White Worm Light . What I got was a poor amber-colored copy of a worm light . Do NOT use this company !
 SEGA.NET online play was killed June 10 for all titles except PSO and PSO ver .2 That said , if you use the DC for web browsing -LRB- you still can , you need the browser disc and an ISP -RRB- it 'd be a good choice .
 I have never played crazy taxi 3 and it seems that i never will . Please , If your going to buy Crazy Taxi 3 for Xbox 360 Dont . This game is not backwards compatibale for Xbox 360 . I wish i knew that before i purchased the game . I just spent $ 32 on a game ill never get to play . Now i have to purchase an old xbox . Hopefully you read my review b 4 u think about purchasing Crazy Taxi 3 for Xbox 360 .
 fun at 1st but den u will get bored of it
 Crazy Taxi 3 stinks on Ice same thing with the 2nd one . I only love the originial one . Do not buy this really really stinky game . It ` s a big waste of 50 bucks . I will know not to waste money on a game like this again . This game is really bad . Only buy the original one .1 . It has bad graphics .2 . The people are n`t is cool.My opinion : Try it if you want but it ` s a waste.I wish Crazy Taxi 2 and Crazy Taxi 3 never existed . The Original one Rocks And Roll !
 First of all , let me preface this review with the fact that I was an Interact Gameshark v1 .6 user , so I came with expectations that Mad Catz would create a similar product with the same usability standards.Dislikes ... 1 . The Intro Movie - It befuddles me why Mad Catz put an intro movie on a game cheat disc that shows up every single time you boot up with the CD . I did n't buy the Gameshark for the intro movie . I bought it because I want access to cheat codes . Hopefully in future versions , they will forego or have an option to disable the intro movie . It 's a complete waste of time and resources .2 . The product box and web site are poorly documented as far as product function and requirements are concerned . Although it may be obvious , they should explain that you insert the Gameshark disc , select your desired cheat codes , and then insert the game disc . Because I came from an Interact Gameshark that had a special memory card device , I thought that the new Gameshark would also have a memory card or some other kind of hardware .3 . They also do n't list the fact that you need to have a network adapter in order to connect online -LRB- although this is obviously to most people -RRB- .4 . They should also point out that additional cheat codes can be entered . but they require space on the memory card . The first time I tried to enter a new game code , I was told that I did n't have sufficient free space on my memory card . I had 1 MB free , and I thought that this would be more than enough . So I deleted some data from my memory card to make room . However , after freeing up almost 2 MB , the Gameshark still would n't save the one additional game code . Finally after I freed up over 3 MB of space , the Gameshark successfully saved the game code . But to my frustration , it used less than 500KB to save the code and left me still with 3 MB of free space ! I wondered why it said that there was n't enough space to save the code before when I had enough free space on my memory card .5 . User interface and navigation is not intuitive , and insufficient on-screen instruction is given to instruct user how to navigate , especially in Expert Cheat Mode menu . The first time I tried to add a new game and enter new codes , I could n't figure out how to add codes to the game I just added . The screen only had instructions to select , go back , and view options . None of these commands led to the right place to add a new code . Finally , after cracking open the printed user guide , I found out that you need to press the right arrow when you have the game name highlighted . Pressing the right arrow takes you to another menu . There was no such indicator on the screen that would have clued me to the fact that I needed to press the right-arrow button to go to another menu . They should include some sort of right arrow indicator on the screen .6 . Entering game codes via keyboard could be easier . When entering game codes , they could have designed the interface a little better to allow you to enter many consecutive codes without having to go through option menu > add . They should just have a matrix screen that shows all the codes needed for a single cheat so you can see the lines of codes that you have already entered . Sometimes when entering these codes , it 's easy to lose your place . Being able to see the last code you entered is helpful in getting your bearings .7 . The on-screen font used to display the codes is not a fixed-width font . All the codes are 16 hex characters in length . But when you enter the codes , the displayed lines are not always the same , so it 's sometimes hard to see whether or not you 've entered in the right codes . The point here is that most programming tools use a font like Courier to display the code because it is fixed-width , which makes it easier to read computer code , especially hex numbers .8 . The memory manager does n't tell you the size of each item on the memory card . It only tells you how much space you have free . The file size would have been really useful information when I was trying to free up space on my memory card so that the Gameshark could save my game code .9 . The media player might have been a nice idea if it did n't require you to put the Gameshark disc in the PS2 everytime you want to use it . The intro movie on the Gameshark disc does n't make this an efficient process either . I wish Mad Catz made a Gameshark disc that just gave me the cheat codes and nothing else . I do n't want all this other junk .10 . The Gameshark disc sounds like it has problems reading properly in my PS2 . Perhaps this is a bad disc or just a unique issue with my PS2 . Although I can still use the Gameshark disc , I wonder if someday my PS2 wo n't be able to read the disc anymore . It sounds like it is struggling to read the disc.Likes ... 1 . The cheat codes work.Overall , I wish Mad Catz would forego the 3D graphics and other extras that users like me do n't want to pay for . The 3D graphic backgrounds are cheezy , and if they actually paid someone to do it , I suggest that they do n't in the future . I do n't care for all the extras , just give me something I can use to enter cheat codes . And make entering in new cheat codes more user-friendly . So buy this product if you want to use cheat codes , but I would have considered other products given the opportunity and assuming that alternative products ' cheat codes work just as well.Good luck .
 When I first bought this device , the box says Codes are guaranteed on the day a new video game is released . Definitely not true . First of all , I heard that there is only one person working on codes for games on the PS2 and that person is in the UK . UK games get more updates than the US on codes . So we wait , and wait , wait , and when they do come out with codes , they are only for one stinkin ' game , while Codebreaker , is bringing out codes for every game sometimes on the day the game comes out!The mistake Madcatz made is making 4 different versions of Gameshark and trying to make codes for all devices which takes forever . I bought this device for $ 40 bucks and still no updates or new codes for some of the games I am looking for.If you are looking for a dependable cheat device , go and buy a Codebreaker or an Action Replay Max for your PS2 . Plus Codebreaker has a forum where you can go and request codes for games on the PS2 and will be out within 1 to 3 days , while Gameshark takes weeks for codes.Honestly , I just do n't have the patience for Gameshark .
 Please , do not buy this product.Having owned this before , and used it before with great success , I decided to relive one of my old games , so I had to re-buy this product from this seller.Yes , I used the Master Codes.Yes , I checked different websites to make sure the codes were correct.Yes , I entered them correctly.Yes , I double checked after I saved them.No , this product DID NOT WORK AT ALL.There were even some tries where I was n't able to select the game at all.Do NOT waste your money.You think that I do n't know what I 'm doing , or that it 'll work fine for you?Don ' t say I did n't warn you .
 Very good basic game layout , but the user controls just suck . Way too much diagonal movement and aiming is required , and combined with holding the L and R buttons . Simply unacceptable . More a test of finger olympic skills than fun . To make matters worse each level is timed , and some levels leave little to no time for a single finger error . And then add that these `` olympics '' areas -LRB- where the door locks behind you no less -RRB- are several rooms from the save area so you must keep repeating and repeating and repeating . Many rooms can not be traversed without dying multiple times anyway , you have to memorize where the traps/monsters are . Get Metroid instead , it is done right . Too bad that the game design of Scurge gives intense action , but they totally ignored the capabilities of the platform it plays on . Some designers get around the problem by allowing the remapping of the control pad to move diagonal on the compass points , not Scurge and it absolutely ruins the game and will halt your progress permanently .
 A poor Metroid knock-off in every respect , the only thing differentiating this game -LRB- the top-down perspective -RRB- actually ends up being a detriment . While having a third axis to traverse does add something to the exploration aspect of the game , all the other elements are lacking . Enemy design is uninspired , the main character 's hair is almost seizure inducing at all times , and aiming can be clunky because the three dimensional environment does n't really feel right with the d-pad . All in all , I really ca n't think of anything good to say about this game . Children of Mana and Lunar Knights are two good alternatives if you 're looking for this style of play , but I 'd recommend staying as far away from this game as possible , it 'll only disappoint .
 This CD received 1 star and actually I would have given it no stars ! Not for the CD itseld but the company that uis selling it ! I purchased this CD for Christmas for my son . I checked with Amazon and I believe they said their return policy was anything purchased after Nov 7th could be returned up until Jan 31st . My son did n't want this CD and I returned it a week after Christmas . The CD cost $ 59 and this company charged me $ 29.50 RESTOCKING FEE ! This is outrageous ! Thank goodness that Amazon refunded the money ! Buyer beware of this company !!!
 this is a childish game . takes several hours to tediously design a game . the demo game can be created in minutes . you must use pre-designed , images , that are limited in design . if you are familiar with c , or java you dont need this . it is worth the money to get small children interesed in game design . i do not recomend this product at this price because it is so limited in game abilities for un-educated persons .
 Just like what the title says , it 's not a flash game to where you can draw your creations in and animate them to life.This program is more based on 8-bit graphics then anything else . If you like the kind of stuff that 's in the range of PAC-MAN or Tetris style then look no further . But if you want to actually draw and animate your characters to life to make a game , then you 'll have to dump allot more time into searching for Adobe Flash software and ALLOT more money into the price , and I keep reading into these reviews that people actually take classes on this kind of stuff . I mean , hell I have a passion for this , but I do n't want to go to collage for 5 years for it . I mean hell , what 's next , an collage campuses named after Adobe ? $ * & t ; I just want to buy a software program , install the damn thing , then use it , is that to much to ask ? I just want to have some fun on making some flash games and show them off , but what the people are doing here , sucks all the fun out of it and make it to where it 's a job , not an art.As for this program , they do n't give you much to work with , for example ; Once you go threw the tutorial show , and buy the guide -LRB- separately -RRB- it 'll tell you on how to make your own player . Well lets start on that shall we ? In order to make your own player , they give you a little diamond shape image that 's no bigger then a few pixels . Yeah that 's how it starts . So you have to erase the entire image then start from scratch . Imagine that you have to go through that every time that you have to make something or someone to complete a game , a game that just a few pixels tall . Now you can make the players and all allot bigger , but there 's no info on where the average is , and you have to move the screen with the mouse cause it will not match to what you set the picture to . So now imagine that not only that you have to use that diamond pixel , erase it , expand the size of it , and move it with your mouse because it wo n't match the size of the image that you set it to , every time you go to make a character . That my friends , is an ordeal to the point of saying , `` Ahh # 9 $ % it , I 'm board . ''
 I purchased this game thinking my children would like it and they rarely play it . They are just not interested at all . I picked it up and started to play it and I was not impressed at all . I found myself putting it down and turning off the game system .
 Well , I bought this hoping it would be somewhat fun like EA Sports Deer Hunt Challenge , but sadly this is n't worth the 20 bucks I paid for it . The manual for the game is the first problem , as it lacks organization and is bare compared to DHC . The graphics in this are bad too , not so bad that you do n't know what you are doing , but , are blocky and pixelated . The gameplay in this a mighty bad as well . It 's somewhat fun to drive the vehicles but it quickly wears thin due to poor control . Sad thing about this is that driving the vehicles is the only fun thing to do ! Hunting the deer gets very boring very fast . Multiplayer may add a little life but I only played multiplayer twice and both times it was buggy and laggy . Bottom line is that WizardWorks Outdoors put out a good effort but it falls short of its goal in every aspect .
 My daughter was so disappointed that this game would NOT run with Windows Millennium . The company will not support this version of Windows that is being sold on new computers . Windows ME has been out for about a year , and they have no plans fix this major problem .
 My daughter was so disappointed that this game would NOT run with Windows Millennium . The company will not support this version of Windows that is being sold on new computers . It 's been out for about a year , and they have no plans to make it run .
 Emergency Room Disaster Strikes -LSB- is terrible -RSB- . I bought the game ... at a discount store and my computer froze . It is not fun at all . I love the Sims better . I will never ever look or buy any games that are part of the emergency room series and or medical series . I am not cut out to even be a fake doctor . I can not even stand to watch the tv show ER . I would recommend The Sims and all four of the Sims expansion packs for teens and adults . The Sims and all four of the Sims expansion packs are fun .
 Just thought I 'd let you know that this game will NOT work on Intel based Macs . It really should say that in the product description .
 In time for the holidays -LRB- and the debut of Nintendo 's Wii -RRB- , Activision released Tony Hawk 's Downhill Jam for the new system to take advantage of it 's innovative control capabilities . While the end results were mixed to say the least , Activision ports Downhill Jam to the PS2 , and the results here are n't much better . Contrary to previous games in the long running series , Downhill Jam does just what it 's title implies . The trick heavy skate park based gameplay is transformed into that of a downhill racing game . Naturally you can play as legendary skater Tony Hawk , who is the only real life skater in the game for some odd reason . You can still perform a nice amount of tricks and combos while you race , but really , what 's the point when the gameplay itself is so stale ? The tricks are super easy to pull off , but are very repetitive to say the least . Not to mention that the race tracks themselves are blandly designed to boot and offer up some confusion in terms of `` where the heck am I going ? '' . The worst factor of Downhill Jam is undoubtedly the muddy graphics and textures and the unstable frame rate that make the Wii graphics look mouth watering . There are some pluses here though , albeit there are few . Like the previous Tony Hawk games , Downhill Jam offers up a nice soundtrack , and the game is easy to pick up and play for newcomers to the series , but like the last few games to come from the franchise , there is n't anything we have n't seen before , and seen done much better at that . All in all , Downhill Jam may be worth a look for fans of the series that do n't own a Wii , but do n't expect much at all from it .
 The pads start out great . They work awsome and perfectly . After about a month they start to slow down though . Then eventaully the buttons will stop working completely . I 've meddled with it and tried to fix it but it is now a piece of junk . Please , dont buy this item or it will resolve in disaster and dissapointment .
 Fighting games have a sad tradition of horrible singleplayer experiences . Dead or Alive 4 continues this tradition wholeheartedly . It packs its singleplayer experience full of gruelingly difficult and frustrating opponents that can perform the trickiest combos at the drop of a hat . This would be fine on harder difficulty levels , but I 'm talking about normal mode . There is no difficulty mode easier than normal , unlike in DOA 3 , so if you ca n't take the heat and you do n't want to dedicate your life to the game , do n't bother.The boss of the game , ALPHA-152 , is stupidly difficult to beat . Memorizing her moves -LRB- as you will have plenty of time to do while she beats you again and again -RRB- does help ease the difficulty of the encounter , but it can not be denied that victory is only possible when she decides to let you win . Fighting games typically work in a rock-paper-scissors sort of way , with the aforementioned items being replaced with attacks-blocking-throws . Well , ALPHA-152 's throws -LRB- scissors -RRB- can bypass most of the attacks -LRB- rocks -RRB- in the game , and have the ability to do more than half of your life in one hit . To make matters worse , their animations take a long time . You can do nothing but watch helplessly as she pummels you into the electrified floor . And I almost forgot - she can teleport at will , escaping your attacks whenever she desires only to reappear behind you and snatch away your life.So why play singleplayer at all ? Because you have to if you want all the costumes and characters.But the game is n't all bad . The graphics are beautiful . Most of the characters ' animations are equally gorgeous , though some of the newer characters look like they need a bit more polish -LRB- La Mariposa 's kicks -RRB- . Most of the stages are nice and are about as ridiculous as you 'd expect in any fighting game -LRB- dinosaurs ? -RRB- .
 Do n't have much to say , bad game play and no easy setting . Slow online play and small amount of people to play as .
 Good-Graphical upgrade/stages/nice CG movies/Online mode/thats about itBad-Not enough extra content/unlockable costumes are mostly just color variated/Online Mode frequently lags/Cheap AI starting at stage 1/NO easy mode/game gets boring after awhileThis was the only fighting game for the 360 when I bought it and to this day I still regret buying this . The AI will counter everything and juggle you for days , at STAGE 1 ! ... when you stack up all the negatives along with the AI this game isnt very fun . After I unlocked everything I bought Virtua fighter 5 and this became obsolete .
 Do n't wast your money on this game . Get Dead or Alive 3 . This game does n't have an easy mode and normal might as well be extra hard . You 'll get spun around , knocked down , and KO'ed by the first opponent before you even have a chance to attempt a combo . It will make you pull your hair out and want to chuck the controller into the TV . And it never get 's better . You ca n't excel at this game . You can practice moves in the sparing area as much as you want but when it comes to the real game , you 'll never get a chance to use the moves you 've practiced and in the rare instance that you can use the move , IT JUST WO N'T WORK !!!! It 's ridiculous that so many people have given this game a good review . It 's awful . Do n't buy it .
 I liked this game at first but it gotten boaring , its to easy to short and the same as the other dead or alive games . The graphics is good but the rest is the same like the other DOA games , only two new characters in this game but thats it . The combos are good but it lowers the opponiets bar to quick cause the attacks is to powerful , like virtua fighter , tekken , street fighter , and this one . This game gets real boaring after awhile so this is an okay game .
 This is the worst fighting game I have ever played.The graphics are nice , the controls are simple . The frustration level is through the roof . At many points you may as well set the controller on the floor as you get locked into seeming endless combos by your opponents , unable to do anything . They will constantly grab you , constantly counter you , and there 's not a thing you can do to stop it . If you are not a vetran of the pervious titles , do not attempt to play this game as there is no learning curve .
 First of all , I ca n't believe I 'm writing a review for this game . I 've never written a review for any video game but DOA4 is so terrible that I have to review it . What 's the problem ? The game is too hard !!! So I have n't dedicated my entire life to playing DOA4 for eight a hours a day ... I 'm sorry . Surely the developers wanted us to have fun ? No , they wanted the game to mimic the grueling journey of becoming a martial arts master -LRB- including the thousands of hours that it would take to master any martial arts discipline -RRB- ... well it is no fun to be beat 12 times in a row in the story mode -LRB- I was able to play through DOA3 on all difficulty levels and actually beat the game with several different characters -RRB- . I have played almost all of the DOA games and I 've always enjoyed the series but I will admit that I am no expert at these games . However , the other DOA games are so much easier to learn . And where is the easy mode ? At least with easy mode , I could actually unlock some of the story only goodies.Wow , what a bunch of garbage . Do n't buy this one based on your experience with the other games . Rent it first and see if you like it .
 Poor graphics , poor sound and does n't run very well with OSX 10.3 Panther . Very disappointing .
 This is an arcade futuristic jet warfare game for the PS2 . The controls are simple and the game is extremely easy . I beat this game in a night and never played it again , there is no replay value . It is suitable for little kids or older folks who might not play many games . If you know the Ace Combat series and you like games like that , you will find this one a waste of time .
 It sucks dont waste your money a a a a a a a a a a a a a aa
 It took a very long time for my son to get used to controlling the ship . It 's very hard to fly -LRB- very sensitive -RRB- and though the terrain looks pretty cool , this game plays very poorly .
 This game is too hard for a 10 year old , which must be why the rating was changed from 10 + to 12 + . You get unlimited weapons , but one of the planes is almost impossible to shoot down . It should probably be rated Teen .
 If you 're considering purchase of this for a younger student -LRB- say elementary school through maybe 8th grade tops -RRB- this might be a worthwhile choice . Otherwise , I would stay away from this . The content is strictly entry level . The art is done on the cheap . There are no references , and no in-depth coverage of anything . I was hoping for good coverage of major Gods & Goddesses with perhaps classical art depictions of same . None of that here . If you 're looking for an electronic reference on the subject of classical mythology , this is not it . Save you money and buy a book unless you want something stricly juvenile in its orientation . I give it two stars -LRB- being generous -RRB- because it might be a decent introduction for some kid who is book-averse .
 My 4 year old son loves Thomas . He has some difficulty understanding railway adventures but he liked playing ... however , my husband & I were disappointed in the quality of this program ... During play , the game has frozen up & also is choppy when the characters are speaking ... I do n't feel it is worth ...
 My 5 year old son is a Thomas fanatic . We had purchased the Great Festival Adventure , which he really enjoyed , and so decided to try this game . The plastic keyboard topper did not fit our HP keyboard properly , -LRB- unlike Tonka Dig N Rigs and Workshop -RRB- , and as a result often times the controls would not work at all , causing my son great frustration . Until they can rework the key top to be truly universal , this is a definite DO N'T BUY .
 We bought this for my five year old last year , and it was just a miserable experience from the beginning . The playset that straps onto the keyboard is not always cooperative , and once that issue is addressed , the software itself is difficult to follow for my son or for me ! He became extremely frustrated after a few tries and it wound up being a very costly mistake . Avoid this one !
 OK , so it 's the day after Christmas and I sit down to play this game with my 5 year old son . He plays for awhile , but keeps getting stuck - so I try . I had a horrible time with it too . We could n't get the track to move where we wanted it to go , could n't get to the other games , etc. . Although my son is 5 , he 's been playing on a computer for 21/2 years already and I 'm no computer slouch myself.I found the game poorly programmed with marginal graphics compared to other products . If I had to do it over again , I 'd pass on the fancy set-up for the keyboard and software to purchase another Jump Start or Rescue Hero game.Just one moms thoughts ...
 The CD loaded fine . I strapped the plastic device to the keyboard as indicated and although the `` pegs '' that come down from the device to activate the keys did come down , for some reason did either not match up or did not protrude far enough to activate . When I removed the device and pushed the keys individually , the game would run . Maybe it was just this one and does not happen to others . I had also purchased the Tonka Dig N Rigs Playset which offers the same concept and it works fine ...
 BEWARE ! I am very disappointed . My son loves trains and Thomas , and when I ordered this I thought he would love it . Everything is properly installed , but the playset will not work . I see on the Infogrames website that the FAQs say to use the keyboard if the playset wo n't work , but what fun is that for a 4 year old - he wants to drive the train ! I know it is not the configuration of my keyboards - I have tried it on 2 keyboards . Both times , the playset will press the keys enough to type the characters when I have it in Microsoft Word , but it will not respond when it is in the Thomas program.Do NOT show this to your child until you are sure it will work ! I 'm sure glad we tried it before Christmas ! I sent an email to Infogrames -LRB- mfgr -RRB- on 12/22/01 - as of 1/19/02 still no response.And once you 've opened the software , no refund !!
 My 3 year old son enjoyed `` Thomas & Friends
 God knows how much I love NSYNC , but this phone is not worth the current asking price , trust me ! I bought it for my 5 and 12 year old daughters , one each , so they would n't fight over them , and they were excited to the max to see them in the package . That was the first and last day -LRB- the only day -RRB- that those phones have gotten any of their attention . With the guys repeating the SAME answers OVER and OVER again , it gets old VERY fast ! And the CD games ? Those are a JOKE ! Stupid , just totally stupid ! A VERY remedial bowling game , where the guys heads are the top part of the pins ??? Even my 5 year old said , `` Mommy , this game is dumb '' ! I still can not believe that NSYNC would endorse such junk!As much as I love them ... Shame on them !
 I could n't wait to buy this product for my NSync crazy 10-yr-old daughter . What a disappointment ! The directions are difficult to follow . The phone is terribly annoying and tough to operate . And can anyone tell me how to get the NSync guys to `` call '' us on the phone ? When do you use the mouse ? When do you use the buttons on the phone ? No one in my house is quite sure how to use this game -LRB- and my husband is a Senior IT Analyst ! -RRB- Needless to say , since it was opened and installed on our home computer around Christmas time , this one is a major dust collector . No one plays with this.As stated by my 10-year-old daughter , `` This is DUMB ! '' .
 Do n't get this game there is realy no point to the game I gave it a star because I felt sorry for the bad game .
 The advertising on the package says that you can use the product for Karoke or duetThe microphone records just fine in about 10second intervals ... The voices of my children do not get broadcast through the speakers as in a Karoke machine . The poor kids are singing away and they do n't even get recorded ... just one word when the program stops and goes into `` record '' mode . . What 's worse is you ca n't hear my children sing ... just the characters - the microphone does not broadcast through the speakers ... The Microphone is only active during short spurts during the songsIf you advertise Karoke you should deliver it ... and the voice recordings ca n't even be played backwards ...
 I purchased the nicktoons microphone and cd-rom , but I could not connect the microphone cord to our Dell tower . The connection at the end of the microphone cord has a larger prong than the connectors at the back of the tower . Is there an adapter that I can buy so that I can connect the cord to the back of the tower ? If so , what is the adapter called and where and how much is it ?
 I can honestly say that this is the worst game i have ever played . I got this used for six bucks and it totally wasnt worth the money . I suggest that everybody just stick to Resident Evil and Silent Hill for your survival horror needs because this game will just annoy you . The only reason i gave it one star is because the graphics arent a total loss .
 I absolutely love survival horror games & the Sega Dreamcast . So you 'd think that there would be a pretty good chance I 'd like ILLBLEED huh ? Well , there was , until I played it.Horrible controls hinder this offering . It is too bad really as this game had an interesting premise and could 've been something.Ah , what I am worried about ... it is n't like any of you people who do n't already own it will be able to track it down -LRB- or order it at this site -RRB- anymore anyway.But for those that try ... you 've been warned .
 I can honestly say that this is the worst game i have ever played . I got this used for six bucks and it totally wasnt worth the money . I suggest that everybody just stick to Resident Evil and Silent Hill for your survival horror needs because this game will just annoy you . The only reason i gave it one star is because the graphics arent a total loss .
 I was realy looking forward for this ILLGAME . I played it for a while in a friend 's house and it made me throw up . Its not scary , its not fun to play because its so damm HARD . THE FLAWS ARE
 A B-movie horror-film producer puts up a million dollars to anyone who can survive a virtual house of horrors . But great ideas mean nothing without great execution and that 's exactly what 's happened here . Yes , Illbleed 's graphics are Dreamcast quality and sure there are monsters all over the place , lots of areas to traverse and a good selection of weapons to use Yes , we even admire the fact that the game does n't take itself too seriously -LRB- at all . -RRB- But in the end , it just is n't much fun . The best analogy I can offer here is that Illbleed is a lot like a backstage party with Ru Paul ; all of the elements appear to be in place , but it 's just not adding up to a good time . As bad as Blue Stinger was -LRB- also developed Illbleed is ten times worse My god , how do I escape this horrible nightmare ? '' will be a question asked by Illbleed players everywhere . The game offers everything except the ability to take itself back to the store
 I am glad that i did not buy this game , i borrowed it from my friend and i found out that it has one of the worst CG CINEMAS in gaming history , it has realy frustrating controls and i cant believe that they didnt fix the camera problems . ... . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT .
 I bought this dance pad because I wanted one that I could use with my computer for Stepmania , and also at friend 's houses with their XBoxes and PS2s . Well , as it turns out , only the PS2 connector on mine works . The USB works for about 5 seconds , and then stops working . When you use the XBox connector , only the up and right arrows work.I ended up having to buy a PS2 adapter ! How silly is that ? Get a different dance pad .
 I bought 2 of them to play with my girl friend.After a week and not more than 5 sessions , one of the pad has already problems ... Arrows would n't detect when I press them and would detect when I do n't press them . Very annoying ... For that price I 'm not really want to return it to have a new one .
 simply , It did n't work , it 's hard to configer on the coputer , does n't respond on the steps , I do n't recomend it for anybody , it 's just a waste of money .
 I would n't recommend this pad . The right sensor must be too big because it drags down to the `` X '' -LRB- Square -RRB- button , and I get random misses with the right . Even after modding -LRB- taping to dense foam -RRB- , I still ca n't play with this pad , even with the `` Controller Setting '' set to off . -LRB- The Triangle & Square buttons still go off , unfortunately -RRB- . I need a pad with NO square or Triangle button , just `` X '' and `` O '' . I guess that 's the price you pay for getting a `` universal '' pad . Should stick to `` PSX '' pads only . FYI , my old soft pad , -LRB- a cheap soft pad from Wal-Mart -RRB- after modding , lasted me over three years , while this pad lasted for two days !!! It 's back to the arcade now . -LRB- With an accurate , metal pad -RRB-
 When I first bought these DDR pads -LRB- I got two -RRB- , I really liked them . However , after the first week , one of them completely died . I was able get a third mat as a replacement ; It was almost exactly the same product , but the color was slightly different and the start/select buttons were mapped to the opposite controls as the first one -LRB- so I had to make sure the program I was using -LRB- Stepmania -RRB- knew which pad was which -RRB- . After a summer of playing , the original working mat started to act up . Now that I have had them for over 2 years , they are both unreliable . Sometimes buttons act like they stick , and other times they seem to disconnect from the computer -LRB- electronically , not physically -RRB- , meaning I would have to quit the program and reopen it for the game to work properly . The physical material of the DDR pad is nice , but I suspect the electronics in them are not good quality -LRB- 3 out of 3 of the mats had problems -RRB- . However , I do have to give it credit , as I played DDR more than simply once a week , so they took a hard beating.The mat is a thin soft mat , which is nice for portability , but you ca n't comfortably use it on a hard surface -LRB- like wood , or thin carpet -RRB- . Pros
 These are ok if you are doing easy or medium difficulty -LRB- light/standard -RRB- . On hard/heavy I ca n't get A 's though , it 's annoying . You have to hit the sensors dead center or it does n't like to register . Normally with pads you can hit kinda in the vicinity and they will pick it up . Not so with these ones . Compounding this problem is the fact that the pads do slip . All soft pads will slip no matter what the box says . Non-slip is bogus . I 've seen ppl duct tape them down and maybe if you do this they will stay in place . I do n't bother as I tend to move them here and there a lot and I do n't want them sitting in the middle of my living room all the time.They 're cheap pads and I was n't sure what to expect . I guess they are pretty much what I thought they would be ... actually a little less . I 'm left wondering if I should 've bought some other pads instead . Maybe I will if I end up playing a lot with my friends . If you are pretty into DDR it 's unlikely these pads will satisfy you . If you just play recreationally and not aggressively they might be ok . I 've gotten A 's on songs I 'm playing now with other pads -LRB- check RedOctane , they make good ones but they are costly -RRB- and I 'm getting much lower now , frustrating.If you 've got a little extra cash you may want to spring for some pads with foam inserts . This helps you orient yourself so you do n't start veering , and it also keeps the pad somewhat in place . With this soft one you will have to readjust it after every song -- oftentimes I have to do it mid-song or I will run into something . On a positive note , these pads worked well with my PC -- just plug them in by USB and they are good to go , StepMania pretty much recognizes them too , no drivers or all of that . However I 'm struggling to get them to work with a USB hub , they may not do that.Conclusion
 The reviews for the dance pad said that it is not good for experts but might be OK for beginners . Not true . It is bad for beginners as well . The pad slips too much . Within a month of buying it the sensors are already weak and have moved from their original position . I do n't recommend buying this dance pad .
 Garbage mats . Non slip is a lie . Delay is horrible and makes the games unplayable . Buttons are not very responsive . At first I wondered if it was my HDTV that was the problem , but even after switching to game mode -LRB- which has worked with several other games like Rock Band -RRB- the delay did n't get much better . And about 3/4 of the time hits would n't even register . We 've had DDR games and mats of all types and I know that there is a break in period , but even after trying to work them in , the pads still did n't improve . Maybe a bum set ? Maybe , but it 's BOTH pads ! Also , DOES NOT WORK FOR WII GAMES ! I do n't remember which seller was claiming they were , but in no way shape or form are they compatible . You have to use wireless or gamecube adapted pads . USB simply does n't work . At least on the one DDR game we have . Spend a bit more on some pads that have the nice foam inserts or are rated more highly . The 3-in-1 is attractive , but not worth it.Bottom line
 DDR GAME makes a terrible dance pad , but that 's not the problem . The problem is that they no longer have any competition.I 've been playing DDR since 2002 . I 'm not great -- I 'm 45 years old , 6 ' 1 '' and overweight , and play most songs on standard or sometimes heavy/expert -LRB- never challenge -RRB- . Over the years , I 've found that the pad style that works best for me is this zip-around kind with the foam insert , since it 's heavy enough to stay put -LRB- unlike the so-called `` non-slip '' pads -RRB- , absorbs step impacts , and does n't bust my budget . I 've played on pads made by Red Octane , Blue Shark , HVG2 , BNS USA , and others I 'm forgetting.Playing 20 minutes a day , these kinds of pads generally show three kinds of wear : * If there are any folds in the top surface , some will eventually split and tear , although this can be remedied with duct tape . * If the pad uses raised inserts under the step arrows , these will inevitably slip out of position over time . * The sensors in the step arrows will become less sensitive , missing steps occasionally or consistently.The last of these is the deal-killer . When one arrow breaks , the pad is useless and must be thrown away.And that 's the problem with DDR GAME pads . Their arrows never last more than two months . In 2005 , BNS USA shipped me two DDR GAME pads instead of their own model ; the first lost an arrow after a month , the second shortly thereafter . In 2012 , I wanted to replace some HVG2 pads that were getting a little off after two years of daily use , but with them -LRB- and all the other aforementioned manufacturers -RRB- out of the DDR pad business , I crossed my fingers and bought another pair of DDR GAME pads.Sure enough , the down arrow on one of the pads was dead after two months . And I 'm back on the now almost-three-year-old HVG2 pads.There are other things to note about the DDR GAME pad , such as the junky soft foam insert -- it 's more like packing material than the dense foam core used by other manufacturers -- but the gist is that this product will probably only last about two months , whereas the pads made by fallen competitors typically lasted about a year . Even at a low price , the DDR GAME stuff is too junky to bother with.Sadly , it 's unlikely another manufacturer will save us from our DDR GAME misery . Custom game controllers have fallen out of style -LRB- look at what 's happened to the Rock Band franchise -RRB- , and all the consoles now use wireless controllers exclusively , meaning we ca n't even expect manufacturers to give us octopus-style cables that hook up to PS2 , XBox , Wii , USB , etc. . Konami did n't even release a home version of DDR for 2012 , and what 's left of the fan base may be utterly bifurcated
 It works pretty responsively and good but after some use , it becomes totally useless . It 's not very durable at all as the plastic cover top will start to rip and the arrow buttons become less responsive so you ca n't really enjoy the game .
 I 'm a huge DDR Fan and play it fairly often . I bought this pad thinking it would be good enough to play at home but I was very wrong . The pad slides on the tile and rug very easily , making it hard to play the game . After about 2 songs , it makes your feed hurt a lot ... specially if the pad is over the tile . I would certainly invest a bit more and get the metal pad .
 I recieved the dance pad in the mail and after plugging it in only to discover it did n't work , that Christmas present was very disappointing . Only buy stuff from this guy if you want broken merchandise .
 Perhaps it 's just a matter that my standard was set by Mobil1 Rally Championship -LRB- the best rally sim I 've played -RRB- but Colin McRae Rally sure lacks all the excitement , reality and sfx and options that Mobil1 does provide.CMR graphics are absolutely awful , and although the physics are not that far away from life-like experience they do n't actually reach the level of realism a game of this nature should have.I bought the game expecting a similar alternative to what I had found on Rally Championship but to be honest , after playing this game for only 20 minutes , I uninstalled it from my hard drive and I 'm actually giving this game away to a friend 's kid.After some time playing this game my conclusion is ... money gone down the drain .
 Digimon World starts as a good game but the longer you play it the more frustrating it gets . Having your digimon die one after another after putting all that work in to making them the ultimate fighting machine gets really old really fast . The gameplay is alright but the sound and visuls are not very good which brings this rating down a lot . The funning conversations and the battle tournaments are good but in the end they are not good enough to boast the rank higher .
 It is not as good as I thought it was going to be ! On T.V. , it looked really cool , but it is n't , in my opinion . First of all , I do n't like how you view it . What I mean by that is , you do n't see the game as if you were looking straight ahead and walking . On the game , you see overhead/side view of the game . I konw that sounds confusing , but I do n't really know how to explain it in words.Second , the digimon keep on getting killed ! They have 3 lifes , so if you loose 3 battles , then your digimon is dead , and you get a new baby digimon that you have to raise again ! Third , You have to feed them , take them to the bathroom , and let them take naps/sleep ! I find that it is hard to get him to the bathroom every time it has to go ! Now there are some good things , like not knowing what you are it is going to digivolve into , and go to the places . The only thing that I really liked about this game were the graphics . They were awesome ! This is all my opinion . But I think you should rent this game before you buy it !
 Unlike the other reviews , i was very disappointed with the game . I was very excited the the game game out . Love the cartoon series . I made the mistake of purchasing it before testing it on a rental . I thought it moved too slowly and the battles with other digimon was unstimulating . The only good thing i can say about the game are the graphics are excellent and the sound FX are okay . Rent this game if you can before you purchase it - just in case you do ` nt like it .
 This was greatly disapointing , at the time it was released i was highly anticipating this game . Took some years later to get around to getting a copy , and it definitely was n't worth the wait.This is not worth even calling a game in my opinion . The fact you have to take your Digimon partner to the bathroom every 5minutes made me giveup my first game after a while of torturing myself and hoping it got better but kept getting more disapointed . If you do n't take your partner to the bathroom it poops on the ground , and if you walk too close after he eats it . And the only way to clean it is for him to eat it -LRB- and it gets harder to avoid the more '' accidents '' your partner makes . Instead of a flash or something it makes you wait for your Digimon to use the potty . The character who is human do n't ever eat or use the toilet -LRB- as far as i have seen -RRB- , which is odd since your character is supposed to be a boy from the physical world , and your partner Digimon is supposed to be a digital monster -LRB- so you would think the reverse would be more likely -RRB- . So you are left with 2 options run to the bathroom to keep your partner from having an '' accident '' or let him have accidents and once he eats so many he 'll digivolve into Numemon Who is supposed to happen to digimon who are poorly trained and do n't have personal cleanliness -LRB- but if you train and still make a few accidents but always feed your partner when he 's hungry he will still end up Numemon -RRB- . And if your traveling to follow the story , it 's hard to time it so you find your way to the next bathroom before the next '' accident '' occurs.i will not buy or rent any of the next games , because this was such a failure . i mean do you train your dog to use the toilet , then watch him everytime he goes . . ? AGVN should review this , i mean the game is not fun at all what i have played . The sims i 'll admit the characters have to use the toilet occasionally , but it 's a longer time in-between bathroom breaks and you can switch between characters when one is in the bathroom you do n't have to watch and wait when you just want to play the darn game .
 Having enjoyed later episodes of the cartoon on FoxKids , I was looking forward to this game . But having actually played it , I found myself sadly let down . The game is sort of part RPG , part digital pet . You recieve one Digimon which you must `` train '' , care for , and battle in order to save the Digital world . Raise your Digimon well and it will `` digvolve '' and produce an egg with its learned abilities when it passes on . While the Digimon themselves are amusing and the environments are nice , the gameplay for `` Digimon '' is extremely boring . The `` training time '' is excruciating , since the player does not actively participate at all but simply watches the Digimon move around for a few seconds . The digivolution process is baffling ; my Digimon were constantly evolving into completely random Digimon which did not correlate with the chart . The egg feature mostly means that you have to return to more of the boring training before you can battle again . And did I meantion that you can not choose which Digimon you get ? Add in some of the most annoying sound effects I 've heard and you have a second rate game worth no more than a rental .
 All I would like to say , is that Digimon is a total copy of Pok&eacute;mon , and the game is terrible.POK&Egrave;MON RULES !
 All digimon fans out there rejoiced when this game came out , and so , so many were disappointed . Why ? Lets see Holy Highlighter 's standard breakdown : GRAPHICS
 I just believe the game itself is -LSB- not good -RSB- . Sorry ... But Pokemon is and always will be so much better . I am a mom of three , who sits and plays these things with her children , and I have yet to understand the hype . My opinion , before you spend the money on the game , rent it and have your kids try it out . The real thing may be that they are crazy about Digimon -LRB- cartoon -RRB- , but the game is not as great . Pokemon Snap , and Pokemon Stadium still is the best .
 One word :-LRB- Maybe that wasnt a word but this game is terrible.I am writing about this game late but i just had to tell people.I have both Digimon World 1 & 2 and Digimon World 2 is much better.In Digimon World you have to answer 2 questions depending on which digimon you get : Agumon or Gabumon . Then you have no idea where you have to go unless you have the guide . Then in the middle of nowhere your digimon has to go to the bathroom.If he doesnt make it he goes on the floor and you virus bar goes up.Please dont get this game its standard is very low.Get Digimon World 2 its much better !
 Too many feedings and too many bathroom trips getsannoying fast.What did they put in the food-prunes ? Whenon the training field , i often had to stop training just somy digimon could use the bathroom.Most of the time , my digimondid n't make it to the bathroom on time , resulting in a ratherunsightly little pile.Another gripe is that my digimonevolved into the practically useless Numemon 98 % of thetime.I often let him get killed off until I got a digimonI liked.My advice is to rent this game .
 If you like this game , I would advise you to get Pokemon at least because this game -LSB- is bad -RSB-
 I was not at all impressed with this game . It is just like the pokemon gameboy game but more boring.I would not spend my money on it !
 THIS IS THE WORST GAME I EVER PLAYED !!!!! THERE 'S ALMOST NUTHING TO DO IN THE WHOLE GAME !!! WENEVER I GOT IT TO DIGI-VOLV IT ALWAYS DIGI-VOLVED TO A LOW POWER DIGI-MON NEVER TO A DIGI-DESTEND DIGI-MOM PLEAS DO'NT WAIST YOU'R MONEY ON THIS GAME PLEAS !!
 GAMEPLAY 2/5You have to recruit Digimons to File City and it will take a damn long time . The part I hate most is the part where your Digimon die . Look at Digimon World 2 ! Does your Digimon die ? And especially when you raised it until it got to the Ultimate level!BATTLE 2/5When battling , you have to press continously to let your Digimon fight and a fight gets so long . I just hate it.GRAPHICS 3/5Not bad , not good , just average.MUSIC 1/5Very irritating , escpecially when you 're trying to concentrate on a boss fight .
 I have always been a bigger fan of Digimon 's anime and concept way more than Pokemon , but honestly in my opinion , Pokemon really is better in terms of games . I remember anticipating this game because it used to show up on commercial when I was a child . My father bought this for me as a Christmas gift , and around that time , PS1 games that just released were like $ 50 . The main reason why I was very disappointed was that I treated this game with the utmost care and treasuring it as a gift , but for some reason it did not let me enter the entire right area and portal areas to forests near File City . I was getting really mad how it froze exactly in the same place all the time -LRB- the black screen with the white text telling you where you are entering -RRB- . I eventually gave up going that side of the game , remembering the map of the entire `` world '' of the game was a circle and that I 'd eventually get to the forest if I go left and all the way around.Regardless , this game annoyed me a lot . In fact , you 'd never end up with the awesome MetalGreymon -LRB- shown on the cover -RRB- nor would you ever get a Greymon at all . The best I ever got was Angemon and that Digimon was horrible . Having to take the Digimon to the bathroom was always inconvenient , but there 's always something you could buy called a `` portable '' toilet . To get that to work , you 'd have to bug your Digimon and keep asking it like 30 times before it actually uses the potty . If your Digimon does n't use it , its virus will raise and you will get like a Sukamon or a Numemon . Your digimon also only has three lives and it has a very short lifespan . It loses a life if it loses a battle , or it loses a life if a certain amount of time passes so your hard trained Digimon will die and you 'd have to start over.I felt like the currency in the game was n't practical as it was difficult to afford simple things and if you lose a battle , you somehow drop a bunch of items and money to the winner . Digimon also ate a lot of food at its Rookie and Champion level . Training your Digimon was boring and repetitive . The only time you 'd get to save the game is at night when your Digimon is sleepy , which is also very inconvenient.The graphics were nice at the time and I loved the maps and the Digimons you 'd have to battle with , but the battle scenes are long and tedious . The good thing though is that you can dodge battles by not walking near `` wild '' Digimon . Overall , this game was not worth the money . As a teenager then , this rated `` T '' for teen really did n't help much , and even now as an adult , I still have no idea how to make this game enjoyable . I really tried to make it work as a kid , but it was just terrible .
 This is a lame version of Resident Evil ! The graphics are n't nearly as good , it 's harder to control and it 's not even as scary and fun as R.E. I can see it being billed as a classic to a game -LRB- like Doom is to Quake -RRB- , but I was lead to believe that this was a top notch game . I feel duped . Do n't waste your money with this game until it goes in the bargain bin .
 the game is difinetly bad its like you are playing a game in 1995 it has a bad graphics , and dont expect its a scary game cause it has a lot of funny music not like resident evil , but it has a good CG movies so if you like this kind of game buy it .
 Even though this did not have an EC rating , I purchased it for my 3 and 6 year olds . I figured since it was Disney that it would be aimed at younger children . However , I was disappointed in the amount of reading -LRB- alot ! -RRB- that was required . I did n't see any mention of this fact on the box . Had I known this important fact , I would not have purchased this game at this time . Unfortunatley , this game did not live up to our expectations .
 We bought this for our 4 yr old . He can hardly understand what to do with the amount of reading instructions involved . Even our 6 yr old was confused at times with the amount of reading involved . Both kids lost interest very quickly .
 If you 're into sitting with your young one when he plays this game , you 'll both enjoy it . There 's lots to read ; the characters do n't speak , so if your child has n't mastered reading , he wo n't really know the rules of the games he plays.My son and I played it long enough to get far into the 100 Acre Woods , then we turned off the game . It saved where we left off , but when we started the game again , we had to read the prompts when Pooh headed out of his house or we would 've lost our saved game , so beware . I showed my six year old how to begin his saved game ; if you press the `` new adventure '' selection , you 're saved game is history.Overall , I do n't like this game because you can lose all that you complete within a click of a button . I did n't find the games too exciting , but my son seems to like them ... at least for now .
 I bought this game for Christmas for my 5 year old daughter . Luckily I tried it out before the event and realized that it was not only very boring but also too difficult for a 5 year old level . Way too much reading involved my daughter could not have played this game without help . Also it 's always the same boring activity -LRB- play a board game -RRB- . I sold mine on e-bay and got my money back ! Do n't buy this one , it 's not worth it . I gave it two stars because the graphics are nice .
 I got my daughter this game with her GBA for her birthday . It is supposedly for ages 4 and up but there is a lot of reading involved . All this game did was make us all mad and really upset my daughter since she could n't play without help . I do not feel this game is good for kids under 7 due to the reading required and a child over 7 would be bored with it . It plays the same game over and over . Save your money or buy a different game . We are taking ours back !!!
 I was very disappointed with this game . I bought it for my 5 year old daughter assuming that because it was Winnie the Pooh it would be aimed at young children . But , it is too difficult for her . My 6 year old son does n't like it either . He ca n't figure it out , and he can figure out Pokemon Silver -LRB- which my 5 year old daughter also likes to play -RRB- . What was Disney thinking with this ?
 I got this game for my daughter . She was so excited when she saw it , but then when she tried to play it she could n't . You need to be able to read quite well to play this game . I think by the time your old enough to play this game , your not into Pooh as much any more . It is quite challenging and not for any child who can not read well .
 this game is very boring if you are 6 up you should start leaving wini da pu but i love tigger he is very cute
 My 6yr old daughter wanted this game . . she was bored with it in less than 1hr . All games are the same . . doesnt take any brainpower to play ,
 This game should be perfect for young children , but is n't . It requires at least a 1st grade reading level and even us adults had trouble figuring out how to move from place to place . I found this game to be incredibly disappointing and would not recommend it to anyone . My 5 year old was so upset that she could n't make it work . My recommendation
 My five year old son and four year old daughter like Winnie the Pooh but they were not interested in this game . It would be interesting to disney fans who may like searching through the woods for secrets . It is far too complicated for a child to keep track of all the data and too slow for a teenager .
 We bought this game being very fond of Pooh , but , but , but ... No action and you 're supposed to be reading very well . If you visit a place in the 100 acre forest again , you have to read the same text all over again , it takes time and slows the game to extremes . Nearly all the ingame games are based on tossing the dice . Once you 're in a dicegame you can not get out and all the dicegames are very alike.Very fast it becomes VERY monotonous . So do n't go wasting your money on this !
 My 5 year old daughter received this as a gift for her birthday . The game requires A LOT of reading to play . The box says recommended for children 4 + but many children can not read at this level at that age . I played the game and found it frustrating and my daughter was easily frustrated , and even cried because she could n't play without my help -LRB- with the reading -RRB- . THis game is way too complex for young children , and it is supposed to be geared towards them .
 I bought this game and a GameBoy system for my 7 year old daughter for her birthday since she really likes Winnie the Pooh . Unfortunately , she only played it a couple times , then begged me for a new game . Since then , she has n't touched it and sticks to her Mario and Pokemon games . If you have a little one that you can sit with , read the text to and play together , then the game is n't bad . By the time your child can read well enough to play alone , though , he 'd be bored . Buy this game only for littler gamers and only if you intend to play with them !
 When I hear people say this game is fun all I can do is laugh . The same activities over and over . The same games over and over . I am seriously bored stiff . Sure you start out with an open mind , but when the save icon does n't understand the meaning of saving a game and the same Owl tells the same dull story you are forced to listen in on . So I ask you would you want a game like this , a game made for five year olds and yet too difficult for them . Save yourself the extra bucks and do n't buy this game . I wish someone could have told me it was so uninteresting .
 this game is not fun it is boring there is no purpose you just walk around la la la la la and that is suposed to fun yeah right this game is a waste of money !
 `` Silent Bomber '' ... Save your $ . This game is a waste of time . If you have a life do n't even rent this game . If somebody gave this game away for free I would n't accept it . This game is so easy you can beat it in 2 hours tops . It has the worst story line created . Now I 'm like most people and like multiple games , but this one sucked big time . Please listen to me and do not waste your time on `` Silent Bomber . ''
 The description reads `` Xbox '' , but this game is for Gamecube -LRB- as pictured -RRB- .
 In the first 2 or 3 levels of the game are pretty fun . Challanging enough that its fun but still not to hard to pass . But on the 4 level it just got imposible . You have a ghost that chases you and takes your energy and you die about 20 sec . after the level begins . No instructions on how to get away or kill the ghost . So now noone even attempts to pass it . Waste of money !
 I bought this organizer for my 9 year old son . It only holds 10 games -LRB- which is not nearly enough to get him through adolescence -RRB- but it also came apart . The plastic piece on the inside that holds the drawer in fell out . I examined it more closely and noticed that it had been stapled in , and not very well . The staple had fallen out and the piece fell out . The drawer comes out and makes a big mess now . Because of the tight space involved inside the game organizer it is almost impossible to fix it and is quite frustrating to try to fix .
 I bought this game the day of release because I was looking forward to another Rainbow Six installment . I never finished more than 20 minutes of this game . Voice acting and music all sounded muted or canned , graphics look exactly like they did on Black Arrow . This is one of the few times I actually almost felt angry purchasing a game . There is so little innovation in this series and yet we all seem to keep buying the product like lemmings and telling Ubisoft that they are doing a great job.A new mission ? Wow ... felt like every other mission I have played many times now.New interface ? Not really , felt the same in every respect.New presentation ? Did n't think it was really possible , but the sound is actually worse than on every other Rainbow Six title . Checked my settings because of how muted and dull this game sounded , but nothing had changed in the last year . It was actually this title that sounded poor , and this title only.Don ' t bother with this one , everything is so noticeably average . Given the quality we have seen from this same series in the past , the only thing that would explain this is that the title was rushed for some quick revenue.Save your money and rent it first ...
 The storyline in and of itself is an interesting , Silent Hill-ish , storyline . I have no problems with the storyline . What gets me is the fact that it has terrible physics . First . It had much to offer , but the very fact that the camera angles are naught , well then , you get the idea . Camera angle manipulation is very important , at least for me , because by using camera angles , you can see and do things -LRB- like examining clues , studying hallways , combat , etc. -RRB- . But when you ca n't , like this game , it is hard to work the game . Second , the use of tools , healing potions , etc. is also very complicated . You have to do hit buttons while trying not to get killed . But usually you do end up getting killed simply because you ca n't do two things very well at once . That 's why I have a problem with this game . Maybe you yourself could work these problems , but I have a hard time doing so .
 I purchased this as a replacement for my `` pelican '' brand input selector . In short , the image quality of this is worse than the pelican brand and the remote never worked . I sent an e-mail to customer service and was informed that someone would get back to me within 4-6 weeks . Well it has been 5 weeks now and no one has replied . I wish I had returned this right away instead of keeping it .
 Spare yourself the disappointment in buying this product . First and foremost let me say that my remote did n't work from day one . I think I managed to get it to operate two , maybe three times , since I got this thing . No big deal , I 'm not lazy , I can look past that . But here 's the real problem ... This device only works with one form of output . It 's hard to explain so let me put it this way . If you connect this device to your tv using the component cable , that 's the 3-video + 2-audio cables , then only the systems you connect to the device in the same manner will work.I have the following hook-upPS3 connected with component cablesPSP connected with component cablesPS2 connected with composite cables -LRB- 1-video , 2-audio -RRB- Gamecube connected with composite cablesIntec connected to TV with component cablesand ONLY the PS3 and PSP work . With the Intec connected as described above , I have a stray composite video cable that dangles , so I hooked this video cable up to another input on the back of my tv and switched to that input . Well whatta ya know , I got video from my systems connected with composite connections ... but unfortunately there were no stray audio cables dangling to complete the connection for the Intec . Hopefully this gives you the whole story of what you 're about to buy . Do n't do it , unless everything you 're using is hooked up the same way .
 Mine arrived DOA , but it is just as well because there is no way this device would last 4 months . The $ .99 power supply is a piece of junk . The switches have a feel like you can push them through to the back of the box with ease . It looks cool , but do n't let that fool you - for this price you should get MUCH more !
 I bought this so that I could drive the cars in the new James Bond game on PS2 . IT DOES N'T WORK ON THAT GAME , OR ANY OF TH OTHER FOUR DRIVING GAMES I ALREADY OWN ! I had to go RENT a game that was compatible with this thing . It works ok , and I like it alright , but it 's very expensive , and does n't work with ANY of my games.I 'M IN THE PROCESS OF TRYING TO RETURN IT TO LOGITECH FOR A REFUND !
 I bought this to play along with Gran Turismo 3 because I thought it would make this better . I was wrong . The steering wheel is so tight that it makes it difficult to turn the wheel . Finding a spot to set it down is even more difficult . It takes a long time to get used to using the wheel and the foot pedals . It did n't make playing the games any better . Luckily I was able to return it .
 Why is everyone so crazy for this wheel ? ... . I bought the wheel because it looked good and with the trademark logo of Gran Turismo 3 , it says `` must buy '' all over the box for GT3 owners . For one , you would have to go through to trouble of finding some sort of table to attach the wheel to . Racing is more difficult with the wheel than using the controller . If you 're looking forward to winning difficult races and maximizing your credit earnings , use your Dual Shock 2 controller . I only recommend this wheel to those who enjoys the realism of using a steering wheel .
 this wheel is very nice and fun to use with GT3 . BUT it 's the only game that it works with besides Nascar 2002 . does not work with any of my other games like WRC , F1 2001 , or my brand new long waited V Rally 3 . since i have already beat GT3 and bored with driving in circles with nascar ...
 Tried this `` steering '' wheel with Grand Tursimo 3 A-Spec on a Sony Playstation2.Bad : I immediately disabled the Force Feedback feature . The feel is really , really bad , no where close to a real car with or without power steering.Worse : There is a significant lag in time before the game reacts to steering inputs from the wheel . The result is drunken weaving at low speed and alternate guard rail crashes at higher speeds . If my real RX-7 worked like this I would die before I got to the end of my street.This steering wheel would be unacceptable at one tenth the price .
 My son wanted a wheel to use on his PS2 for Christmas . I purchased this item for him along with PS Nascar 07 . He has a few other driving games as well . My son has tried to use this wheel with his driving games and none of them even recognize the wheel as being attached to the PS2 . Ive had no success in getting it to work . In contacting the company , there has been no help in figuring out what might be wrong with the wheel . I couldnt get a refund because it only had a 15 day return policy and I purchased it too early in December . -LRB- Partially my fault in buying too early and not reading the return policy . -RRB- So I am not happy with this item nor the company who sold it .
 A good looking wheel , and the `` official '' wheel for GT3 - these are the reasons I got this setup . It 's an understatement to say that it has been a outrageous disappointment . The force feedback is not only unrealistic -LRB- feeble -RRB- , but there is a significant lag in the force feedback and some in driving input . The feedback feature served only to disrupt the driving experience rather than enhancing it . The shifter paddles also would not respond at any turn larger than 40 degrees , and therefore rendered themselves unusable . The wheels will sometimes go `` berserk '' , start jerking to one side and cease to function completely in the middle of a race . The only remedy is to disconnect the USB connector and reconnect it -LRB- resets the wheel -RRB- . All these happened while playing with GT3 , the game that the wheel is built for . It has so far not worked with any other driving game I played . This wheel is loaded with nothing but nightmares , and it feels like a developer product at its infant stage . To make sure , I got this wheel twice
 waste of time and money . does not even fit in your lap . easyer to use control . played with three games and wasnt fun on all of them .
 first of all i bought this wheel on recomendation , and i regret it . you will try to go in a straight line gran turismo and you will end up some where in the grass , i gar-on-tee it . this wheel has ruined my life dont let it ruin yours , the only thing that was kind of cool about the wheel was the force feedback but it just gets annoying after a few laps . dont buy this wheel !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I enjoy games that have a lot of puzzle solving -LRB- MYST , for example -RRB- , but I just could n't get into this game . This game just moved WAY too slow for my taste . I think the fact that there was very little music -LRB- except during the cut scenes -RRB- made it seem even slower . Then again , I put a lot of stock into the music of a game , some of you may not.The graphics are n't the best I 've seen , but they 're not bad either , except when you are trying to read your journel . Some of the letters are so blurry , it becomes a huge annoyance trying to read it . I actually enjoyed the game up until the second chapter where I had to discover the combination to a safe that had symbols for numbers . OK , its a puzzle , but the item I needed to look at that would give the clue of what number each symbol signified was too blurry to read . I had no choice but to look it up online . You were able to zoom in on the bookshelf it was sitting on , but not the item itself . History has shown that these type of games are better played on the PC , so maybe I would have enjoyed this game much more if I had bought the PC version instead.The game involves solving the murders of women found naked and eviscerated -LRB- a la Friday the 13th or Nighmare on Elm Street -RRB- ; so , it 's very dark and morbid . If these kind of storylines interest you , than you may like this game , but if your expecting it to move along at a pace like Resident Evil or even Haunting Ground , then you probably wo n't like it.Bottom Line
 Well , i baught this game to play in my console -LRB- Xbox 360 -RRB- . however the game did n't won 360 console . and it turned to be that some Xbox games do n't work on the xbox 360 ! well , how would i suppose to know that ! and at least there should be a note saying it only works on xbox!right now i have the game and dunno what to do with it !
 This game had potential until I had to make cookies , the key puzzle and the ever so annoying robot avoiding lazers part . The robot lazer part is what made me quit , I tried for 2 hours to get past it and I did n't . It just got to annoying for me . This game is basically a jack the ripper wannabe ripoff in it 's way , which is ok in my book because I 've always been interested in the stories but they should 've made this game a little better . I recommend this game if you feel like getting annoyed with a few pointless agravating puzzles , a semi decent story and the making cookies cheeze . Other than that stay away from this one at all cost .
 Unless you want to be on the edge of your seat for the rest of your life wondering what the ending is ... then do n't buy this game . Yes , it was a great game and fun ... graphics were good and all that but i worked so hard on a game and was n't even able to find out the ending which really sucked !
 The Mana series goes back a ways , which helped Dawn of Mana achieve a certain amount of hype prior to it 's release . Sadly though , Dawn of Mana is a very disappointing platformer/RPG hybrid that does n't do much of anything right in any department . The story of Dawn of Mana is pretty interesting and longtime fans will get enjoyment out of it to be pure , but that 's about it . The game is more an action/platformer than an RPG , as you fling monsters around and into each other . While this is entertaining for a while , it becomes boring quickly , and the sloppy and sluggish controls do n't help matters much when it comes to targeting . The sloppy controls also supremely hurt the platforming elements peppered throughout Dawn of Mana , and the game 's schizoid camera does n't help matters much either in this department . The only real pluses of Dawn of Mana are the game 's nicely rendered graphics and a decent list of spells to work with , but other than that , this game is a dud . All in all , Dawn of Mana is a very disappointing game that could have been so much better than what we get here . This edition of Dawn of Mana includes the game 's soundtrack bundled with the game . The soundtrack itself is one of the better video game soundtracks you 'll come across , and it worth checking out on it 's own if you like video game music . That aside , if you want to check out a good action/RPG game , check out Odin Sphere instead .
 With the original version , multiple games could be printed on one sheet of paper to complete at your leisure . In this version , more trees are killed because you only have the ability to print one game per one sheet of paper . Other than that , this game software is what I anticipated and I am satisfied with the product .
 I was very disappointed with this CD , as I was hoping for the ability to add and erase my own pencil notes rather than only having the choice of the program adding them or not .
 It was supposed to protect my screen but instead a speck of dust got under the screen and scratched up the glass . Do yourself a favor and get a peel on/off screen protector .
 I payed $ 10 for this product . At first I was pleased with the product , but after a month , my screen was damaged and still is . In fact a crack appeared as a result of the `` screen protector '' . Please do yourself a favor and avoid this product .
 This product will actually magnify damage to your PSP . If ANY little dust or grit gets under the screen protector , and it will since there is a slight amount of play in the protector 's fit , it will be held there and be constantly rubbed against the screen . The outside of the protector itself collects scratches like a magnet . But today , after just a couple of months of use , I discovered today that not all the marks were on the outside . The device had help to dig some permanent marks into the PSP screen itself .
 Please everyone take note !! I bought this product and not only was the packing terrible and was horribly scratched when I got it but when I put it on just for kicks before I returned it , it gave off a rainbow effect on the screen and actually scratched it . Screen protectors do not protect your screen ! They are made of cheap plastic . You would n't wrap your favorite video game discs in plastic would you ? Just get a a good case like the logitech play gear case -LRB- the slide on case that comes in the value pack would even do well -RRB- , and a fine piece of cloth -LRB- similar to the one that comes with the psp in the value pack -RRB- and be careful with it when you play . The psp screen does not scratch that easily . In fact it scratches just as easy as Nintendo 's first GBA . I really do n't know where this hype is coming from about the screen being scratched . DO NOT USE SCREEN PROTECTORS THEY WILL NOT PROTECT YOUR SYSTEM .
 I honestly can not understand the controversy surrounding this game . In such an age of bold and daring gaming products we are expected to buy and ENJOY Hooligans ? I have never played a game so redundant and mundane . The gameplay and idea behind it all is so impossibly repetitive . You have to do the same thing -LRB- break into shops , steal the money -RRB- over and over . Who thought this would make for an enjoyable experience.The graphics are terrible , characters are tiny-perhaps made of about 10 pixels max , every level is the same , every shop looks the same , controlling characters is difficult and annoying and the whole thing becomes tiresome incredibly quickly . If you like scrolling beat-em ups then check out a game likeStreets of Rage 2or perhaps some of the Streetfighter games . They are far superior in every way.Hooligans has about as much to do with football as Sesame Street has to do with drug dealing . Kind of like real football hooliganism . At least that 's fun to watch , and free .
 Per the website of the manufacturer , you can not use this product with XBOX 360 . I had no idea , even with adapters you can not use it with the 360 . I bought the product and it said that it is pretty generic to work on any system . However , per the below snip-it from the manufacturers site , it is not compatible with live . I guess this can only be used for PC and PS3 . They really need to make that clearer . I definitely felt ripped off . It says that it wo n't work with live but comes with a mic ? Man what is the point ? I would just use my stereo phones in that case . Waste of time and money.Per the manufcturers site : < strong > Computer Gaming Headphones NOT compatible with the Xbox : < / strong > - EarForce X-51 - EarForce X-52 - EarForce HPA - EarForce HPA2 - EarForce SPC < < ------ this one - ANR-10 - ANR-20The above may be used with the Xbox for Stereo listening only -LRB- No Live -RRB- . Also , although they would look quite funny , they may be used with the iPod , again for Stereo listening only .
 may be my error . cant really remember its it was advertised for 360 or not but that was the reason i got it and it was n't .
 I bought this for my little one who loves Pooh . The program does n't do a whole lot and it is n't too intuitive for a toddler . We have Reader Rabbit Baby/Toddler and she can do a lot more in it .
 I brought this CD for my 3 year old who has got a hang of the computer . He has been using Barney interactive earlier on , which I highly recommend to every parent . My son was trying with the mouse and its really not as good as expected . He got frustrated with it pretty fast . I suggest Disney takes a look at the Barney Interactive CD 's .
 My 10-month old baby sees me typing at the computer so much , it 's only natural that her little hands reach for the keyboard at every opportunity . I was thrilled when I found this computer software , specifically aimed towards her age group -LRB- 9-24 months -RRB- . In description it sounds great , but in use , it 's very disappointing . The graphics are beautiful , and the opening and closing sequences caught my baby 's attention . But aside from that , there is so little to do . I ca n't imagine it being entertaining for very long for any child.I was hoping that each keystroke would cause an immediate reaction on the screen , accompanied by sound , but most of the movements and sounds are too subtle to be interesting to a baby . Even worse , sometimes a keystroke does n't result in any action at all . For the most part , my baby ignores what 's going on on screen.Also , the most poorly planned part of this software is that it does not have a feature to deactivate the Control , Windows , and function keys on the keyboard . This means that if you let your baby loose to push whatever keys she wants , you end up with problems like the Start menu popping up , and once that is activated , pushing any other keys can cause all kinds of things to happen which you do n't want ! Even with you sitting right there holding your baby , in just seconds your baby can do stuff you did n't know was possible to your computer . Now , whenever I let her play with this software , I try to keep her hands away from the off-limits keys . This frustrates her , and is tiresome to me.Software for babies is a great idea , but this one falls far short of what it could be . I definitely would n't recommend it , aside from the cuteness factor .
 not worth buying unless your baby is crazy about pooh , and I do n't think any 9 month old would be so decided in preference . My son actually played with it since 7 mo old , and we found that the response times are so awful that even we could not see the correlation between key strokes and activities on screen , this was with a then year old laptop . Its slow but barely tolerable with our now 3 yr old computer . Further , all of the keys are not captured , so your son can shut down , change the display , or otherwise lock up the computer while playing by slecting random things from the start or windows menus . its hard -LRB- NOT POSSIBLE -RRB- to tell an excited 7 mo old to press only the spacebar or some other one key ! At 17 months he is finally calmer and gentler to the keyboard , and knows to hit one key at a time but definitely not earlier.He loves jump start baby , and sesame street baby just as much , and those are much nicer on your nerves , as you do n't need to calm a baby upset because his game has disappeared , and keep him soothed while rebooting yet again ! The mickey toddler is better built
 My 15 month old son absolutely adores Reader Rabbit Toddler , but still has difficulty remembering to slide the mouse around as opposed to slamming it down on the desk . When I found this software , created specifically for babies , I was thrilled to see that keystrokes would create responses on screen and that my son was n't expected to use the mouse at all . I just had to have it ! After all , it was a Disney product so it had to be good , right ? Hmmm ... The opening scene was really great - my son was instantly captivated , but from there on out it was astonishingly bad . The premise is that very young children learn `` cause and effect '' by pushing the keys to create some kind of feedback on screen . What happens instead is that there is a pause - of up to 4 seconds , somtimes - before anything happens , and often it seems as though on screen movement occurs independently of the keystrokes . There is only the most intermitent feedback . My son lost interest within minutes and , after trying it a few more times , would begin to squirm and fuss whenever I pulled Winnie the Pooh Baby up on the screen . -LRB- Nothing against Pooh , either . He loves the whole cast of characters and especially adores Tigger . -RRB- What a shame that Disney scrimped on test-marketing and focus groups with this one . It makes me very leary of purchasing any other Disney software . I complained enough to the computer store where I purchased this , that they ended up letting me trade it in . I got another title by The Learning Company -LRB- Reader Rabbit -RRB- , whose interactive software I highly recommend . Do n't waste your money or your time on this one .
 For my 14 month old duaghter , I purchased this software as well as Reader Rabbit Baby/Toddler and JumpStart Toddler . She lost interest in the Disney software after approximately 5 minutes . It is not as interactive as the others and is not particularly engaging . She 's nuts about the Reader Rabbit software and has learned to use both the keyboard and mouse with the Reader Rabbit games .
 At the time I am writing this , I am waiting to recieve it in the mail . That being side , I may have to just send it back as soon as I get it . Why ? because of the confusing description that is on this webpage . When I oredered mine the review about what being ONLY PAL COMPATIBLE means was not here after reading that , and calling around to other game stores I now know that it means this playstation will only play European games/and or it will only work with a tv that works in Europe . NOW , the question is , is this just a typo by AMAZON ? WHY would they be selling a PS2 on their U.S. site that only will work in EUROPE . Is it fact or fiction ? That my friends , is what I am waiting to find out when this package comes to my door . It is a real shame that Amazon would sell this if it is only workable with products made for Europe . And even a bigger shame if they just made a mistake in the description and have not taken the time to correct it . There are a few reviews that state how satisfied they are with the product and how it works with their games but did they buy this one from amazon or some place else ? I will write back when I get this just to let others know if mine worked or not . If anyone has brought this system please leave a review that states you brought this silver version from amazon and how it works for you . Thanks . ******************** Ok , I just got my silver playstation 2 in the mail today . This is a NTSC SYSTEM it plays american games . So my star rating goes way up !
 I know , I must be REALLY crazy to give the Playstation 2 an overall rating of 2 stars . Hear me out : First of all , I must be the only one who happens to think it 's a total scam that the DVD player built inside the Playstation 2 was never re-created to work properly . It 's really a bad business move on the part of Sony to never listen to ALL the phone call and email complaints that were directed to them about the DVD players inability to work correctly for most people . The honest truth is that the thing NEVER worked right . Sony probably did n't fix it deliberately because the Playstation 2 was selling so well -LRB- and continues to sell -RRB- they probably figured they did n't need to bother . Furthermore , the DVD player was probably added on in an attempt to make the PS2 smear the competition -LRB- which admittedly , was a strategy that WORKED , because the Gamecube has been knocked out and the Xbox never became as popular as the PS2 -RRB- . Even if you ignore all the negative opinions on the DVD player , you ca n't ignore the fact that the console itself had other problems . Many times the Playstation 2 would overheat and that would cause the games to stop working momentarily . This becomes a problem the longer you play a game because the PS2 was never designed to run for long periods at a time . So what this means is that it 's not right for you , the consumer , to have to purchase a Playstation 2 for more than 100 bucks , in my opinion . That 's just an unbelievably high price for a gaming console that may or may not work correctly and also includes a shaky DVD player . If you buy a Playstation 2 , you wo n't know what to expect.I think the biggest problem I have with the Playstation 2 is probably not really Sony 's fault , however , it 's SOMEBODY 'S fault . I 'm talking about the absense of innovation . When the PS2 came out , there really was n't much left in terms of groundbreaking new features in the world of gaming . All those extraordinary innovations ALREADY happened on the Playstation One . Really , the only thing the Playstation 2 had going for it was `` more hours of gaming '' and `` better graphics '' over the PS1.Remember all those Playstation One games that were so revolutionary ? Silent Hill , Final Fantasy 7 , Resident Evil 2 , Metal Gear Solid . Those are the main ones . Those games appeared on the PS1 in all their influential glory , which means when the sequels to those games were released for the PS2 , really , all we had were updated graphics and longer gameplay . You see , compared to the Playstation One , the PS2 had better graphics and the games took a LOT longer to complete , which , granted , is a GOOD thing . However , updated graphics are hardly a revolutionary thing by todays standards . In fact , I 'm convinced talking about good graphics in the year 2006 is pretty pointless . You want to talk about innovation ? How about the jump from 2D to 3D ? This happened on the Playstation One , not Playstation 2 . Now THAT is what I call `` a revolutionary step forward in gaming '' . Speaking of 2D games , want to know another reason why the Playstation One was better ? Because it featured a perfect blend of 2D AND 3D games . The PS1 was n't created for the sole purpose of dazzling gamers with amazing graphics . No , the PS1 was created for showing gamers how to have FUN with a game , in addition to the realistic revolutionary step forward into the land of 3D gaming . The Playstation 2 was , unfortunately , just `` a seemingly neverending stream of boring 3D gaming '' . You see , as someone who grew up as a teenager with the Playstation One , I can remember clearly how people approached gaming back then . We did n't go into each game with the mindset that each game had to have `` incredible graphics '' , we went into each game just expecting to have fun . That 's how we judged video games back then . When a game with incredible graphics came along , such as Resident Evil 2 and Final Fantasy 7 , we treated them with open arms just like we did with other games.Yes , it 's true that back in the PS One days we put the games with exceptional graphics on a different level from the other games , but we did NOT criticize the graphically-average games JUST because graphically-superior games were available at the time . We treated games with good graphics and below-average graphics equally * as long as * the average or bad-looking games offered enjoyable replay value . And guess what ? Most of the time they did . That 's how you appreciate a video game.Today , with the Playstation 2 , people are so concerned with only great graphics that many times the gameplay suffers as a result . This means that yes , the Playstation 2 smears the Playstation One in terms of graphical power , but when it comes to actually having fun with a game -LRB- along with the previously mentioned all-important innovation aspect of gaming -RRB- the Playstation One absolutely DESTROYS the PS2 . So overall , the Playstation One was not only more fun , but also more important . The Playstation 2 ruined the mindset of gamers that `` every single game '' had to look good , and for that , I will forever look down on the Playstation 2 . The WWE wrestling series is now worthless , for example . However , I 'm not angry with Sony directly , because the PS1 was * phenomenal * . Here 's the worst thing about judging graphics - in a few years , everyone will change their minds and look down on the Playstation 2 for having horrible-looking , dated graphics . Yes , it will be the same people who once praised the graphics , too . I guess that 's the price you pay for judging the way a game looks and * nothing * else about the game . You watch , in a few years the games people consider `` cool '' today will have no purpose to exist , according to them.As for longer gameplay experience , that 's overrated too . Why ? Because it 's entirely possible that a 20-minute game can be JUST as good as a 20-hour game . I STRONGLY disagree with the people who think there 's no excuse for short games to exist these days . No . A game should n't have to take a long time to complete . The longer the game , the more boring it 'll inevitably be , and the less likely you 'll care about it years from now because you 'll remember how much work went into actually completing it.Another Playstation 2 complaint - I do n't like the fact that the analog stick replaced the directional pad . Using an analog stick is annoying because you do n't feel comfortable with it . Ask any older gamer - they will tell you that you felt more in control of your movements with a directional pad . With an analog stick , you slide all over the place . In addition to that disaster , the PS2 controller also suffers from `` too many buttons '' . We should n't have to have a degree in rocket science to figure out how to successfully figure out and complete a game . The Playstation One had the best controller ever . It was comfortable , you were always in complete control , and it just looked better.Now , with that out of the way , let 's talk about the only worthwhile thing the Playstation 2 has going for it - a few good games worth purchasing . Grand Theft Auto is probably the biggest series on the PS2 , and guess what ? It 's good . It 's great , in fact . It 's innovative too , the only important thing the PS2 ever had . Unfortunately , with games like Saints Row on the market , the uniqueness of Grand Theft Auto is starting to wear thin because of all the unnecessary copycats.Anyway , besides that game , what you can expect to find if you own a PS2 are many -LRB- and I mean MANY -RRB- mission-objective army games , World War II games , and maybe a few lackluster platformers here and there . Oh , and we ca n't forget about all those boring racing titles that are designed to appeal to graphic freaks and not to people who actually like to race . The Silent Hill and Metal Gear Solid series were also pretty decent , but , in the case of Silent Hill , improved graphics do n't necessarily mean spookier , more interesting gameplay . The original will always be the best.If you like shooting guns and racing cars , hey , the PS2 is your new best friend . But if you want something more , seek a Playstation One . The Playstation 2 is just a long list of mediocrity . Thanks for ruining the fun .
 Being in the computer business , it is very seldom I ca n't something to run . Well this is one program I warn you to stay away from . After spending 2 hours , I went to the Disney website and found out , it has problems with many 3d graphics card . Read this carefully , if you have a Savage card this product does not work , if you have a SIS -LRB- most Compaq 's -RRB- it does not work . I have 5 computers in my home and this worked on one . In addition the one computer that the graphics will work on , the game freezes . If we would have kept the box I would have returned this product for sure . We have purchased most of the Fisher Price games and we also have allot of Disney and this one is not worth the money .
 I bought Tigger 's Honey Hunt for my five-year-old son . I was quite disappointed in the game . The main part of the game , the Honey Hunt , really ca n't be classified as an adventure game -LRB- at least at the level at which we have been able to play it -RRB- . There is no reasoning and no learning going on here . You bounce Tigger around a landscape and catch floating honey pots . I 'll admit , the landscape animation and the way Tigger bounces are pretty cool -LRB- thus the two star rating -RRB- . But it is quite frustrating to get to the end of a round and have Owl tell you that you did not collect enough honey pots , even though you thought you got them all!The Mini Games are simultaneously too hard and too easy . The interface to them requires that you consult the manual , which I think is asking a bit much of a five-year-old . -LRB- Left is the X key , Down is C , Enter is F , etc. !?! -RRB- The games are designed to accommodate multiple players using only a keyboard , but I do n't think most people would use these as multi-player games anyway . Once you figure out which keys to use , the games are too simplistic to be interesting . And even using the correct keys , it sometimes seems that the game does not respond to your keystrokes when it should . And it seems to have no mouse interface!The animation is cool , but overall , a big disappointment .
 If you do n't have a steering wheel attached to your computer you might want to think twice about getting this game . It is way too hard to steer it . I 've played any number of driving games in the past and have never had any trouble steering with the keyboard ... but this game is just poorly set up . The controls are not even remotely intuitive . I was hoping that I could get my 6 year old playing this game before we went to DisneyWorld ... did n't happen.Then there 's the problem with getting the game started . My kid is normally a genius with computer games and does n't need any help at all . But this game takes about 20 different keyboard entries to get started ... and I swear , you never hit the same key twice . And do n't get me started on how difficult it is to exit the game . Seriously , how hard could it be ? Some menus you have to hit the escape to get out of , some you need to hit the back , others you need to hit the letter `` n '' , others you need to wait for some silly animation to play , then hit the down arrow and then enter ... I 'm sure it was easier to program the game than it is to play it.Now , finally , the driving courses ... They 're OK , I guess . I was n't too impressed . It appears to be rendered using some older technology , so there are a lot of visual anomolies and 3-D items that become 2-D or disappear then reappear in a jarring fashion . The courses only vaguely resemble the rides they purport to represent.Overall , the idea is good , but I 'd recommend waiting until the next version comes out . This one simply is n't worth the money or trouble .
 I have recently seen a comeback within calssic video games for the computer . Unfortunate for Snap ! Classic Arcades collection , they make it where it costs really a little bit out of the ordinary for nostalgia . Their version of Atari 's classic 2600 video game Combat , is a one on one battle of trying to dodge yor shot while manning planes , and tanks from the menacing bullets . All in all , the game is great for classic buffs , but is it really worth it in price , no . The graphics also have been remastered well , and the game is great , but there really is n't much variety here . Instead , I suggest you buy the Atari deluxe edition for the computer . You 'll get well over 80 video games to choose from at a affordable price , including combat .
 I have n't played many `` Customizable Fighting Robot '' games , but if most are like this , it may very well be the last.Custom Robo suffers from the same curse that plagued the last two Nintendo platforms ; this game , along with so may others , is geared mainly for kids.Basically , you fight battles with miniature robots that pop out of small cubes -LRB- Pokemon , anyone ? -RRB- , gaining new weapons , robots and other accessories as you advance through the ` story ' mode . The dialogue is boring and pointless , and the claims of this game being an Action/RPG title are wildly inaccurate . You walk from point A to point B , enter a battle , and repeat . Even though the battles are kind of fun , the camera view of the holosseum is too far away , making a 4 player game a complete nightmare , let alone one-on-one . If Noise had a taken a more serious approach to this concept , it would have been great ; similiar to Mech Warrior , or BattleTech . But as it stands , it 's barely worth renting . Worst of all , I 'm out fifty bucks ...
 When I first saw the description and the reviews of this game , it sounded awesome . But , being the cautious type , I first rented it . It is pretty monotonous in the fact you get up every morning and the landlady yells at you to go to work . then you go there and get an assingment.After every battle you 're in , you get a new part , but you never get those `` illegal '' parts you heard were so awesome . Once you beat Rahu , there is Not much to do.This is not a challenging game ; and , in my opinion , is not worth $ 40 for a game that takes you 6 hrs . to beat . If you want a nice , easy game for one weekend , this is your game to RENT . If you want a challenging game , get something else .
 The only good thing about this stupid game is one-player mode . When i played multiplayer mode i expected it to be first person . Everything is so dang tiny !! PLus the boards are really tiny too !
 The top Pokemon fell off of the stylus but otherwise it was as expected . It was delivered on time and it was fairly inexpensive so I will give it two stars .
 All in all , classic video games have truly been a part of our arcades for decades beyond imagination . Yet , there are some video games that really seem to set in the opposite direction . One game from Atari , really was one of those games now . Crystal Classics enjoyed moderate but not die hard success in the 80 's . The game is a bit like a knock off to Pac Man , as you guide a bear throughout a maze-like castle , grabbing gems on the floor , and trying to avoid bees , and ghoulish villians to garner points . All in all , the game was fair , but this version is really not one worth purchasing . I strongly suggest you buy the Atari Anniversary Edition or the deluxe edition which includes over 80 different games , including Crystal Castles . This version of the game on CD-ROM is n't worth the money .
 So ... Mario vs Donkey Kong . Nintendo 's latest shameless capitalization of a once-venerable series of games . I bit the bullet and started playing this recently , curiosity winning out over the recent experiences with Mario-branded games . Despite such tragedies of game design of the last 10 years like Mario Sunshine and Wario World , I still harbor warm feelings for the Mario games of the late 20th century , forgetting time and again that as their management and lead designers age and stagnate , fun , clever , original games like those are seemingly forever in Nintendo 's past.The game started out alright , an interesting puzzle-focused twist on the main-sequence Super Mario series ... they eliminated the venerable stomping-enemies-and-grabbing-power-ups formula , and replaced it entirely with simple logic puzzles in underwhelming levels usually no larger than two screens ' worth . You can still jump around , but Mario 's jumping range is no higher than about twice his height , which for Mario is absolutely pathetic . He also moves at a constant rate of speed no matter how long he 's been running , making nimble jumps practically impossible , and skids randomly when he stops ; I found myself constantly plunging into crevasses and falling off cliffs , wondering with utterly genuine surprise and confusion why the character was receiving commands I was n't inputting . Probably the biggest sin of all , though , is the ludicrously short distance he can fall before pancaking on the ground and whining like a toddler . And if you 're falling while holding something , he 'll pitch the item across the screen once you 've fallen a certain distance , forcing you to retrieve it once he 's done feeling sorry for himself.Also , Mario 's got the same voice actor they 've been using in Mario games for years , Charles Martinet , who produces an entirely testicle-free whiny broken falsetto soaked in an Italian accent that rings less authentically than a Wichita Godfather 's Pizza commercial . After maybe 20 minutes of gameplay , I was nearly in tears , begging the gods of video games to make him shut up ... even if you 're Mother Teresa , you can only really hear that `` Mama Mia ! '' croon a limited number of times before a primal urge to exterminate mankind kicks in . And god help you if you let the rescued mini-Marios fall off the screen on the Mini Mario levels
 This game sucks ! It has horrible graphics and bad story line!I suggest you do n't waste your money on this crapy game , get something a little more interesting and more challenging . The only reason i gave this a rating of 1 star is because I like donkey kong but just not this game.I repeat do not buy it .
 THIS IS THE WORST MARIO GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's to easy to beat and it 's boring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do n't buy this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ... is the first thing I read when I turned this game on . I bought this game expecting childhood memories to flood back , but I received a pirated copy . Not sure if it 's any different functionally , it seems to run fine . However , the cart label is different than the original intended label , and the cartridge seemed pretty badly beat up . Nothing against the actual product , it 's a really good puzzle-platformer . But just a word of advice , do n't buy anything from ClutterDucks .
 I thought this game was going to be like the PC version . Oh , god no . No pedestrians to run over . No way to leave tire tracks in blood . No way of knowing WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON ON THE SCREEN at any given time . No way of controlling your car . No joy . No fun . No seasons in the sun . Just misery , and fifty bucks down the drain .
 Cuz this game should not have been made . It is the most poor excuse for a pc to home console port available . My friends and I , well we liked the PC version of this game . It was a bloody , pointless , mindless game but it was fun . This game is n't bloody , it has zombies that appear to have bad throat infections cuz they spill this green stuff when you hit them and they disappear . Where 'd they go ? we expected something that was at least entertaining but we got zombies that evaporate when touched . Lost is all of the good that was Carmageddon for PC and we end up w / the one of the worst games by one of the worst software houses ever , Titus . Take a quick pick and see what Titus has done and you 'll think they need to retire from software programming and become shoe salesmen . This game should have never been made especially on the n64 which is a kiddie console and loathes the sight of blood . Do n't buy this game , do n't even rent this game cuz you will waste your ' e money and will agree that Titus is the WORST developer of all time , PERIOD .
 No ... this is NOT a good game , I do n't care what anyone else says . You can barely control your car , and what 's with this ` run over the zombies ' premise ? This game insults the racing genre and your intelligence as well . If you want a good racing game , I 'd get San Francisco Rush 1 or 2 . They beat ... this one .
 There is absolutely NO purpose in this game and I wasted a whopping $ 50 purchasing this NEW game last year . What a pathetic waste of money for a game designed soley for violence and running over `` zombies '' . I could n't even beat the first level of this game and I sincerely regret the valuable $ 50 I lost ! Please NEVER EVER purchase a game like this because you will come to sincerely regret the time and money wasted with your purchase . There are much cooler games out there for N64 like Diddy Kong racing and Mortal Kombat .
 They do n't tell you that the game will not play on a MAC , EVEN if the disc says its compatible .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old son . He really liked the movie and I mistakenly thought the game would be very similar . Some people might like it , but my son found it to be very boring and repetetive . You choose a character and then your character has to fight another monster in a room , which varies with each level . There are many different rooms to choose from , but the problem is that there is no story line ; it 's all fighting . My son likes games which have a story and puzzles to solve , etc. . Monsters Inc. . Scream Arena is not a game which appealed to our family .
 In this game you play as charaters from monsters INC. , and you throw balls at each other , so what?Dont get it .
 This is easily the worst game I have ever played - -LRB- ... -RRB- There is no plot , only a succession of increasily disapointing `` games '' . It is challenging only on a sesame street level . If you buy this , make sure it 's for a three year old !
 the game is fun for about one week -LRB- at longest -RRB- , but after you beat it and get all the characters and levels , it 's boring . the graphics are awful . i mean , sully -LRB- the big furry blue guy -RRB- , does n't look furry , he looks like he has giant blue spikes . i ca n't beleive they did n't take a little bit longer to make the graphics better . in short , i would rent it from blockbuster . if i had known better , that 's what i would 've done . wait , never mind that . only rent it if you 're too curious not to .
 No good for us Just as expected ... . Zzz z z z z z z z z z z z z z z z
 A fantastic game , the best I 've ever played of it 's type . The feel and control are superb and the game play addicting . The only problem is it has a tendancy to crash no matter how I tweek it . I only wish the designers had made it more compatable with windows , and had cleaned up the in game glitches . Over all I had to stop playing because it just got too frustrating to keep losing my progress when the game crashed . If it was ever re-released with improvements or a `` flying hero 's 2 '' ever came out , I 'd be first in line to buy it .
 The premise of this game is very promising - you control three characters , a rescue crew sent to investigate a mysterious calamity on a Martian base conducting an archeological dig . Some sort of alien virus has befallen the Martian base , and you must investigate the fate of the crew . The graphics are generally beautiful , though the base 's decor is a bit odd , often more like a cheap hotel than a technologically advanced base . The game fails to deliver on an exciting premise , however . Gameplay is monotonous , as you battle the zombies the base 's crew has become . The zombies ca n't be killed , only temporarily slowed , and you must fight them again , and again , and again ... The controls for fighting are beyond awkward , and much of your frustration will come not from the difficulty of the battle , but from the inability to control your character effectively . This game delivers its scares through sudden attacks by gruesome and marionette-like zombies , accompanied by shreaking music , rather than through effective plot development . The puzzles are tedious , and there are no clues for how to solve them - just endless trial and error , often against a timeclock . Adding to the fun , you have a limited number of opportunities to save your game , all at specific save game points , so you will find yourself replaying vast sections of the game each time you die . Most of the game consists of shuttling items back and forth between crew members through a vacuum tube system . There is n't much action or adventure here , just endless tedium . Despite beautiful graphics and excellent voice acting , the plot is underdeveloped , and the gameplay among the worst I 've ever seen . Save your money .
 I have been dying to get this game for a while and when I did i beaten it in one day and get this you kill zombies they 'll get back up later . And when it said three will enter and two will leave everyone lives . The controls suck to . But this game deserves a star for the graphics . Kenzo sounds retarded and Karne breathes deep after each word . DO NOT GET THIS GAME NO MATTER WHAT EVERYONE SAYS you will regret it . Trust a true gamer and please do not spend ten bucks . THE PSX VERSION ... TO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . thank you for your time
 This game was a real surprise to me ... NOT . This game really stunk in my point of view . The graphics are blocky , and tornados rip through almost eery 2.5 seconds . Think about it this way , you build a magnificent , huge , great , titanic , supreme metropolis , only to have 6600 natural disasters to rip through in a week leaving your town in shambles . This game is a real disgrace to the PC . The modes are similar to each other so that , you can say the whole game copied itself 10 times over ! the only interesting part of this nasty object is that the objects that you can create outrageous buildings and spaceships . All , in All , this game should be buried for life !
 I can probably sum this game up in a few words . First however , i will warn you of the game itself . This game is nothing more than a hole in your pocket . There are no positive attributes to this game unless you want to be thought of as a crackhead . I hate this game with a passion and decided that I would rather be beat with a wire hanger . The second day I bought it my mother beat the life out of me due to its horrible gameplay . As for the words to sum it up ... its a waste of life .
 I can probably sum this game up in a few words . First however , i will warn you of the game itself . This game is nothing more than a hole in your pocket . There are no positive attributes to this game unless you want to be thought of as a crackhead . I hate this game with a passion and decided that I would rather be beat with a wire hanger . The second day I bought it my mother beat the life out of me due to its horrible gameplay . As for the words to sum it up ... its a waste of life .
 I thought this game looked excellent , because the screenshots on the box are very good looking . I was very disappointed when I started playing . There is no action that 's worth marveling over . And finally , if you hate strategy games , you 'll hate this . Stay away . You 'll be glad you did . No wonder it sold for $ 1.00 ...
 I love war strategy games and played clash of steel , panzer general series , etc. countless times , but AOW is just too complicated for me . The interface is busy and there are hundreds of tiny icons . You just ca n't tell how good or what a unit is without clicking on it . I tried to learn the game twice over a year and could n't even do the tutorial . I 'm sure its good if you can figure out how to play .
 All right . This game is way to complex to be even mildly entertaining . If you can get through one turn -- and actually know what you 're doing -- you 've done better than me . The game is hard to follow , hard to understand , and pretty near impossible to enjoy . It 's just a poor product .
 This game is overrated by the few who play it . If you want a more fun game check out the panzer campaigns or the moderncampaigns by hps simluations.The Operational Art of War has a terrible interface , terrible game play , even worse support.If you have XP dont waste your time or money . Incompatible .
 The Stratagy is very good but graphics are pretty bad .
 DO NOT call their customer service . One guy yelled at me , another basically said I was an idiot because their HIGH$ $ $ $ $ $ $ software wo n't load properly ; requires numerous update patches , and locks up ... I do have plenty of memory ... TalonSoft are the ONLY games I have problems with ! BEWARE !!!!
 I bought this game with some reservations . I own Battleground Ardennes , which is an earlier TalonSoft game and I had such a negative experience with the number of bugs and the poor tech support that I nearly did n't buy this . I should have gone with my first inclination . Do n't be fooled by the relatively modest system requirements , this game is a memory hog . Worse yet , because I did n't have enough free space on my hard drive , the installation crashed without completing and in the course of doing so corrupted my Windows OS somehow . I had to reinstall Windows to recover . This is probably a fun game when you get it up and running . You will need at least 1 GB of free space on your hard drive to install it . Based on my experience you can expect bugs and poor support from TalonSoft . If you do n't know how to do anything on a computer besides put the CD in and let it install itself you should probably avoid this game and any other TalonSoft product . If you do n't mind a bunch of headaches related to installing the game and can function without support from TalonSoft , you will probably enjoy playing it once it is installed .
 If you 're like me and have been many times aggravated and inconvenienced by poorly implemented copy protections schemes for software you have bought , you WO N'T want this CD . It has all the worst problems software gamers have come to expect from buggy software . It wo n't even run if your CD is a CD writer . And the tech-support is worthless . But hey , what do you want for -LSB- the price -RSB- , at least the box is pretty !
 This game is deplorable and the customer service is unexistent.Do yourself a favor and burn a copy from a friend . This game aint even worth the material it is made of .
 Do not buy this . i did it is a waste of money . it doesnt even hold my 2 games . -LRB- ... -RRB- have a nice day !
 The SEGA Genesis has always been one of my fav consoles of all time.The SEGA CD was great , so was the Saturn and the Dreamcast.Unfortunatly , the 32X was pure crap , and sorry to say ... so was the Game Gear.I owned one of this little handhelds a long time ago.I used to enjoy it very much.Until the day I went to turn it on and it would not work.I thought the batteries were dead so I changed em ... nothing.Tried the AC adapter ... still nothing.It just all of a sudden quit on me.I thought I was the only one who had this problem ... but I was n't alone.A friend of mine had the exact same problem with his Gear Gear as well.SEGA was a great company when it came to having cool game and cool consoles.Unfortunatly , their consoles and other material were not very durable.Nintendo defintley had it over SEGA in that area.I would NOT recommend one of these handheld systems.If you still decied to buy one anyway ... I hope you get a better one then me and my friend had.Just do n't pay too much for it .
 The Sega Game Gear was a brilliant idea , ahead of it 's time , but perhaps that is why it never took off . The colored screen was magnificent . As the previous comment said , Game Boy was hard to over take . Yes Game Boy was in black and white , but it had all of the other things going its way . For example , Game Gear is more expensive , the games are more expensive , it 's bigger , and the WORST thing about a Game Gear is that it 's not much of a portable gaming system because it ran on 6 AA 's I believe ... and it died in about 40 minutes of play . The screen being lit was nice for night rides but only lasting 40 mins or so was not acceptable . A good system if you plan on sitting next to an outlet and playing but if you want to travel with it , I 'd pass on the Game Gear unless you like paying more than the price of the Game Gear on batteries every couple months .
 Sega 's Game Gear was introduced in the early 90 's -LRB- 1991 , I believe -RRB- to compete with Nintendo 's already hugely sucessful Game Boy . This 8-bit handheld had specs comparable to the earlier Sega Master System . -LRB- I will say this now , anybody who says that this is a 16-bit handheld knows nothing about this machine or computers in general just like the people that say the Dreamcast is 128-bit . -RRB- The Game Gear is , in a lot of ways , vastly comparable to Sony 's PSP of today . Both had superior graphics then Nintendo . And both cost more then Nintendo as a result . However , both of these had/is having a hard time in the market because of their other similarities .1 . Both have an awful library of games .2 . Both have pathetic battery life .3 . Both have a bunch of gimmicks . -LRB- Although , Sega 's was sold seperately and were horribly overpriced . The Game Gear 's TV Tuner , for example , origanally retailed for over $ 200 if I recall correctly . -RRB- 4 . And both were released late in the market when Nintendo already had a very firm hold on the handheld market with their Gameboy/DS . All of these similarites are what killed the Game Gear and what is killing the PSP presently -LRB- among other things with Sony -RRB- . So , the question is , `` Would you recommend this handheld ? '' Well , that depends . If you 're a huge Sega fan and are looking for a nice cheap collector 's item with all of its other bells and whistles down to a manageable price , I 'd say , `` Go for it . '' It is a nice novelty purchase.However , if you 're looking to buy this for some young kid or are looking for a cheap quality handheld for yourself , you 're wasting your time looking at this . Hell , you could find a first generation GBA out there for the same price that they 're asking for this thing in here . Even forgetting the limited amount of good games for this thing , this hulking beast of a handheld can eat 6 AA batteries in about 21/2 hours . Not to mention , this thing do n't like rechargeable batteries either . I tried that back in the day and it flat out did n't turn on . So , you 'll likely be teathered to a wall with an AC adapter to play your sub-par games . Oh , joy!If you are going to grab this relic and are going to soon be looking for games for it , I 'll save you the trouble of sifting through the sands to find the lost gems.Sonic 1Sonic 2Sonic ChaosSonic Triple TroubleSonic BlastDr . Robotnik 's Mean Bean Machine -LRB- It 's Puyo Pop with Sonic villains . -RRB- Mega Man -LRB- U.S. Gold developed it . -RRB- Bubble BobbleShining Force
 i bought the sega game gear because i hold fond memories of it as a kid . it was the best thing around because it had a big color screen and you could take it anywhere . but , for some reason , when i got it and started using it , what i had was not fun . instead , i had buyer 's remorse . finding that it was n't nearly as fun to me now as it was when i was a lad , well , it was nearly traumatizing . if anything good can be said about the game gear , it 's that it helps you appreciate the evolution that handheld systems have gone through .
 This is such a bad system . Yes they managed to put color and 16 bit graphics on the system which surpassed the original gameboy graphics . Buy there is two things terribly wrong with the system . It is way too big . and it did not have that good of games . Two key things to a portable system , and the gamegear failed at both . The amazing graphics were not enouch to save the system . At least sega is still going strong . They will never question Nintendo 's power over them though .
 This was Sega 's handheld . It was big , clunky , hard to see , had terrible sound and not many good games like Gameboy ... hence it 's dead now .
 mmm so i bought this game wanting a good internet football game , but this -LSB- is weak -RSB- , Xbox Live play is awful because salary cap is n't a requirement so people make -LSB- imitation -RSB- teams , and game -LSB- is weak -RSB- , overall the game is n't realistic , passing is -LSB- unrealistic -RSB- , tackling is the only good part but like running and movement in general is TOOO FAST ... anyway , DON `` T BUY THIS GAME
 Generally speaking , I think it 's unfair to write a review , and especially a critical one , for a game in which a primary attraction -- online play in this case -- is n't yet available . Nevertheless , after renting this game and trying it out , I 'm confident I would n't be interested in its online play because the fundamentals of the game leave so much to be desired.Last year , when NFL Fever 2002 came out , I was pretty impressed with its quality , particularly since it was likely built from the ground up -LRB- as opposed to Madden or NFL 2Kx , where they could build off what they had from the previous season -RRB- . The game was generally fun to play , and I thought the graphics and especially the play motion -LRB- i.e. , the general motion and movement of the players on the field , both before and after the snap -RRB- were terrific.The game had some serious shortcomings , though . Chief among these was the extreme ease with which opposing teams could pass on you , even at the Rookie level . Throughout football video game history -LRB- well , I admit I do n't know a whole lot about the days of Ten Yard Fight and before that -RRB- , the inability to defend against the pass has been the bane of many otherwise good and great games . In NFL Fever 2002 , this was abundantly the case . I would play ten minute quarters on Rookie and get passed on to the tune of 800 yards by Chris Weinke . It marred my enjoyment of the game to no end.Enter NFL Fever 2003 . I thought for sure this game would kick tail , given how relatively good NFL Fever 2002 had been in its inaugural year . I thought for sure that Microsoft would be anxious to get feedback from customers -LRB- maybe by even paying attention to these same Amazon reviews ! -RRB- and fix a lot that was wrong with their very promising start.Imagine my annoyance , then , when I played this game and realized that virtually nothing has changed in the fundamental play action of the game . The AI opponent can still pass on you at will , and it even seemed like it had even gotten slightly better than last year 's release . The perspectives or instant replays did n't seem different at all . The announcers were still saying pretty much the same things . I do n't think it had improved one bit ! On the game box , it said something like , `` improved AI '' . Well , if by that they mean that the AI can pass on you even more easily than before , then I might agree with that . But in no aspect of the play action did the game seem to be improved . In fact , the game seemed worse than last year 's because of the expectations Microsoft had built up in my mind from their performance of last year.So what did Microsoft spend their time doing ? I can only guess that they spent a heck of a lot of time on the online play module . I 'm sure it 's very comprehensive , with the ability to set up an entire league and draft players and play with people on a weekly schedule on the internet . In those respects , I 'm sure it 's the game to beat . But where 's the fun if the underlying game play is n't that great?Compare this game to my experience with NFL 2K3 . I reluctantly rented this game , because I was n't overly impressed by its predecessor . Now , I 'm glad I did , because it is outstanding in virtually all regards . Whereas Microsoft did n't seem to do jack in the way of improving its game play -LRB- rather confident on its part , since the game was only introduced last year -RRB- , Sega Sports did a lot to beef up its game , including redesign of the graphics to make them more colorful and engaging , better and more varied announcing , more realistic play motion -LRB- quickly closing the gap with NFL Fever -RRB- , more realism with respect to the balance between running and passing , and more . Now , they really do n't have as robust an online gaming module as I would have liked -LRB- in fact , it simply seems as if you can play a single game online against one person -RRB- , but I do n't care so much because it 's so darn fun to play . I do n't own and have n't played Madden 2003 , but if it 's anything like its sister college game , NCAA 2003 , it too will be a lot of fun to play . The only game that really , really failed to improve over last year was NFL Fever 2003 . And it 's a shame because they obviously invested a lot in the game prior to last year 's release , laying the groundwork for a great football franchise . Hopefully we 'll see better things from Microsoft in 2003 , when -LRB- if ? -RRB- NFL Fever 2004 comes out . Until then , do n't waste your money on this game , and instead go with NFL 2K3 , which really is a tremendous NFL game .
 Well , I was intrigued to see if Microsoft could complete another quality football game from scratch for 2003 . After playing the game at my friends house for the first time , I decided two things . One , it is identical in gameplay/graphics to Fever 2003 . Two , Kevin Calabro should stick to Seattle Sonic basketball commentating . After getting NFL Fever 2002 for christmas last year , I decided that it was way better than Madden for many reasons . The main reason was my ignorance . I hadnt even played Madden and thought it was terrible . Since that time , I have changed my mind . Both Madden and NCAA 2003 -LRB- another EA title -RRB- are dominant over the Fever series -LRB- or duo rather -RRB- . EA sports is the clear dominant contendor in the XBOX football competition and I plan on buying Madden 2003 as well as NCAA 2003 now that I know how much better they are in terms of graphics , gameplay and commentating -LRB- Lee Corso is hilarious on NCAA -RRB- . Overall , if you liked Fever 2002 , save your money and keep playing it . If you did n't , do n't expect this one to have anything the '02 version did n't . Stick to EA Sports if you 're into realism . Microsoft knows how to create very arcade like , unrealistic games , which caters to a certain crowd , yet realism is my department , so I have to go with EA .
 this game just seemed boring , the announcers made me wan na sleep . i got fever 2002 and thought it was cool , but now i dont know which seris of football games ill get now . save ur money this game is homo
 The only thing good about this game is the Texans and the Seahawks new uniforms . Donavan McNabb could n't complete a pass against the COWBOYS ! So embarrasing . There are better things like night games in seasons or the hand warmer , but I 'd rather waste my 50 bucks on a Seahawks game . It is pretty much impossible !!!!! DO NOT BUY NFL FEVER 2003 !!! STICK WITH NFL FEVER 2002 !!!!!!!!!
 One night a had a friend over , we both have an xbox and he had fever 03 so i asked him to bring it over . he brought it over and we started playing , i noticed how he was using cheap plays to get in the endzone -LRB- like using a hail mary every time -RRB- . and he finnaly whooped me by about 50 points . with my confidence level down to about zero , i decided to rent it to see if i could atleast beat the cpu and see the special features . So when i finally rented the game i put it in , played it and whooped the computer by about the final score of 70-3 . After a while of beating the computer terribly bad i decided it wasnt very amusing any more although the fast game pace and good graphics is impressing , it just seems microsoft cant decide if it wants to make a blitz type game or a madden type game . i am a football and a football video game fanatic , but this one just didnt seem to get me excited . I would recomend either madden 03 , blitz 03 , or even tecmo bowl over this game . its not worth it .
 graphics are good , yet the gameplay is the same old thing as last year . I bought the game thinking it would be new and a upgrade from last years game , but i was wrong . nothing has really changed except theres now the texans , and theres new players but that is excpected in every game . I dont like the fact how if your not one of the coverage players , they do not make an effort for the ball or do much of anything . they will keep on the man and follow his routes , but i find it very hard to change quickly from a linebacker charging at the quarterback , to a strong saftey or a conerback and intercept or knock down the ball . to sum up the game , its a waste of money , so dont bother
 This game is Microsoft 's poor excuse for competing with EA and Sega/ESPN sports . I 've owned or rented all of the football games , and this one is by far the worst ! There is n't one aspect of this game that even competes with the others . Graphics , gameplay , etc. , are all inferior and unrealistic . I played a game with the Rams , using their throwback uniforms , and they do n't even look close to the actual uniforms . It 's like the people who made this game have no background in sports at all , and are just going by memory , by the way an old Genesis game might have been about ten years ago . I 've been a loyal Madden fan for years , but I 'd have to say that the Sega NFL 2K3 game holds the top spot right now , all around . I do n't know why NFL Fever 2003 has so many good reviews here . I 'm trying to figure out why I gave it even two stars .
 Not even online game play makes this game worth it , madden is far better , plus the BUTTONS MAKE SENSE , well on the GCN at least.And I am sick of kevin collabro -LRB- i listen to the sonics , he is their announcer -RRB- and he 's is DEFINITELY not a football announcer !
 first off this game has the best graphics and name ... but the gameplay is terrible.everything is exactly te same , whenever you get passed the ofensive line it looks exactly the same , the same moves over and over , , and its not just the linemen , broken tackles , tiped passe EVERYTHING ... maybe its just the fact that i am the Madden king & play it 6hours a day , but fever -LSB- sucks -RSB- , i have yet tp play 2k3 , but i hear its alot better then nfl COLD !
 Save 50 bucks and do not buy this game . This is by far one of the worst football games ever made -LRB- tied with NFL fever 2002 and Quarterback Club -LRB- any year -RRB- -RRB- It is horrible . Wait until the 13th and spend your money on Madden .
 THIS IS BY FAR THE WORSE FOOTBALL GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . THE GAME CONTROLS GIVE YOU NO FEEL FOR THE GAME LIKE MADDEN DOES AND EVERYTIME YOU THROW THE BALL IT SEEMS AS THOUGH YOU GET INTERCEPTED . PLAYING THIS GARBAGE IS JUST LIKE WATCHING A FOOTBALL GAME ON TV . FEVER 2002 IS A MUCH MORE REALISTIC GAME THAN FEVER 2003 , AS A MATTER OF FACT I GAVE MY FEVER 2003 TO A FRIEND FOR 2002 FEVER . MICROSOFT SHOULD 'VE DONE EVERYTHING THAT MADDEN DID AND ADDED BETTER COMMENTARY AND THEY WOULD 'VE HAD A WINNER . IM OUT MADDEN FOR LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game has awesome graphics , but not much else . It has a gameplay similar to NFL Blitz , but u cant commit all those penalties . It 's almost impossible to stop the high powered offense on the easiest setting , and the defense is incredible . Unless ur an incredible football sim player dont buy this game .
 This game has beautiful graphics but the controls -LSB- are not good -RSB- . The designers spent so much time making it `` realistic '' that there 's no point in letting a human play this game . Play in `` all-pro '' mode and you will get burned by every single opponent . You will constantly get intercepted because every single defender plays like a turbo-always-on god . You will never ever ever complete a long pass . You 're pretty much limited to short , quick release , out pattern , pray-to-god-your-receiver-catches-the-ball plays . If you take control of your receivers , you will find that response to jump/dive commands never execute when pushed . The computer pretty much decides when and where you jump , but 98 % of the time , its never in the direction you control.On defense , its so stupid how the computer forces your defenders to inexplicably stop . When you 're on your way to make a play , suddenly your defender will stop dead in his tracks looking stupidly at the receiver catch the ball . You are forced to guess which way the man you are covering will cut . And guess what ? The QB will always hit your guy for big yardage.This is the most frustrating game ever created . Not because its challenging , but because it is straight out stupid how nothing responds to your controls . Also , the computer decides the outcome of everything regardless of the situation on the field . This game is obviously not meant to be played . In fact , the manual says that part of the `` beauty '' of this game is to just sit back and let the game play itself . WTF ?? Was this thing made for a gamer or a ... movie-goer ? ... I was hoping they 'd improve on the controls from NFL Fever 2002 . Still the same B.S.
 While at first I was excited to play the new creation from Microsoft as I really enjoyed its prdecessor . I enjoyed the robust game engine and the updated graphics . My joy soon turned to disbelief as I played on fanatically for a week to take my team -LRB- Houston Texans -RRB- to the Superbowl with me as a star linebacker -LRB- create-a-player -RRB- . Imagine my horror and disbelief when my team with a perfect record failed to show up in the play-off grid . I contacted Microsoft and received a `` oh yeah we knew about that and we are working on it '' . I know that at times Houston sports teams can be the -LSB- ... -RSB- child of professional sports organizations but come-on beta testers , test everything will ya . I guess I will have to wait for them to fix the game , recall the disk , and ship me a knew disk whenever they decide to get around to it .
 When I received this item none of the discs would download the games completely and one game even said the entire game was not completely on the disc . I was extemely upset because I bought it as a xmas gift for my 6 year old and he was disappointed . So am I.
 I bought this pack of memory card 3 weeks ago . I still have not recieceved them , I had to go buy them in a store . They never came , beware of who you buy from . Read all of his/her reviews firts
 this mem card could be cheaper . end of . just a piece of junk with what they give you for your money . you could honestly use that money for two cds , not on this . RIP OFF ! do n't lie to yourself . this is a worthless piece of junk.take at leat 7 off it and it would be a sweet deal.Ps ; actually o stars but that option is n't included , and i 've tried and tested this item !!!!!!
 I just got these about a month ago and they will not work at all , the playstation will not recognize them ? I do n't know what kind of junk they are making now because I had an old sony that worked for years ? Too late to send them back now too .
 I bought this pack of memory card 3 weeks ago . I still have not recieceved them , I had to go buy them in a store . They never came , beware of who you buy from . Read all of his/her reviews firts
 This is ridiculous , this is why I hate the PS2 , they have so much monopoly , nothing is compatible with it , you need to purchase like 8 of these rip off card to save your 40 games saved . or loose all your progress . why not make a 256mb , or allowed a usb traveldrive to transfer gamesaves.Ridiculous MONOPOLY . PS2 stinks because of this.two thumps down for ps2 .
 I ordered these memory cards on october 2 , 2002 and still have not received them . The shipping date keeps being changed and now they will not let me cancel the order . All buyers beware , if you want your item soon , better find the nearest store and purchase it there .
 It 's flash memory ! Of course it works just fine . Why do we have to spend this kind of money for two 8mb memory cards ?? In the world of computers , you can get 512mb for the same cash . It 's just SO MUCH GREED it 's sickening . Hey Sony , spend the twenty cents per console and give us 128mb of built in memory in the first place !! It 's all we 'll ever need at home . If we need to bring our saves to a buddy 's house , we 'll get removable media . -LRB- How about a USB port for thumb drives or an SD slot ?!? -RRB- We understand how you 're screwing us and we 're angry .
 I 'm certain the memory cards are fine - but Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- had difficulties delivering the product in a timely manner . The memory cards shipped 5-days after the stated ship date . Since item was continually in `` preparing to ship '' status , I could n't cancel the order and had to wait two weeks from the date I placed the order to receive this item . Nearly a month after the order , I 'm still waiting to be credited for my return . Amazon has since revised the product page -LRB- shipping 5-7 days through Target instead of the 24 hours I was expecting -RRB- ... never-the-less , too much hassle for an item in stores selling at the same price .
 I bought this to replace my niece 's garbled-sounding copy . But , surprise , surprise , the new one sounded the exact same garbling ! I returned it right away .
 this is the worst game i have played in my life you shouldnt even put it on shelves actually i have no idea i 've never even played it but you no what is awsome the i-pod from mac wow cya later guys and girls
 I was very disappointed in this game . It looked like a fun game where you walk around in a mirror , look for keys solve puzzles and maybe use magic but no . Instead there 's a little hand on the screen that you move around . All you do is click on stuff . I thought you would control mickey . I mean who the heck thought of the stupid hand clicking . This is not how the game should have been . Every time you do something it shows like a 2 minute movie . DONT BUY THIS GAME . Save your money for good games like smash bros , Resident evil series , mario sunshine , something good .
 The graphics and music are nice , however , this game is more like a movie than a game . Most of the time , the game is in self control mode with you watching the games predetermined game action . You do not control Mickey Mouse but rather are given two or three options for Mickey to move after each sequence . The game takes over after each selection and goes through 10 or 20 seconds of action . Then another two or three move options to choose from . YOU DO NOT CONTROL MICKEYS MOVEMENT!I must confess though , my son enjoyed the game O.K. , he is five .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old triplets . The cursor does n't always respond well , and is very frustrating . The games `` childrens mode '' is actually more frustrating than the normal mode , as it does n't have the hint icon . The game occasionally plays a cartoon for up to 5 minutes that you can not move past until it finishes , which frustrated my kids and myself to no end . The childrens mode sometimes moves automatically , and sometimes goes to the same rooms over and over again . The `` ghost '' terrifies my kids . We all strongly dislike this game , very very frustrating on all levels . A total waste of $ 40 .
 When I first got this game it looked fun but when I played it for the first time is was horrible . The graphics are bad . I did n't even know how to play it even after looking at the instruction manual . Even in the middle of the game , it would pause without me going to the main menu . I would never buy it again , even if someone paid me . Do not waste your money on it .
 This was one of the most disappointing games for the Game Cube System that I have purchased . The game seems like one for 2 or 3 year olds . My grandchildren will not even play it . My advise to anyone is not to purchase it unless your ' e doing so for a toddler .
 Seansp , time out ... kids wont like that word , you got to be kidding me . Anyway anyone who says this game is for children and bought and were not happy , is obvius we are talking about Mickey Mouse Game not resident evil ... so if you dont like silly , stupid , easy games dont buy this one ... . PROXIMO !
 if u but ur kid dis slop u will never forget it 5 1 it has no game play i mean u control a hand 2 theyll probly hate u 4 byn it3 theyll be turned of video games 4 ever.try chrash ... or sonic mega collection thats easy and fun
 The game felt impossible , and i felt trapped in another dimension .
 Forget your little child that wants this game and get him mario sunshine not this anti-violent $ % * % % $ $ !
 I rented this game and found that it was more suitable for younger game players . Unlike Luigi 's Mansion , a child does n't need to be able to read very much . Older gamers may not enjoy it -LRB- as i did n't -RRB- because the control is all point and click . You do n't actually control Mickey himself , as you do with Luigi . There are numerous movie sequences that get pretty boring and redundent when you have to go back to a place over and over . I might recommend this only for younger kids . Perhaps you might want to rent it first .
 when i bought this game i was so mad that i wasted $ ... on a game that all you do is go through stupid doors.NEVER EVER buy this game it is fun for 4-6 year olds , but it gets extremly boring as you get olderyou find peices of a mirror , SO WHAT.if you want to get this game rent it first , dont bother buying it !
 Well , I purchased this game for something to play and have my three year old watch and to be totally honest , i was very dissappointed . The graphics are pretty and the little side quests are vaguely entertaining once you get over the little pointy hand interface.Good Things : Kid vs Normal . I liked the fact that there was a kid version and a normal version of the game . This is nice and the spacing out of the scarier stuff into the `` normal '' version was a good idea . They should have handled puzzles more in this fashion too -LRB- more later -RRB- . In Kid mode ... Mickey runs around and does stuff on his own . I liked this ... the unattended play version . Good stuff.Big Problems : Ok . In some of the short puzzles ... if you run out of time ... the game says , `` Time Out '' and yer done . The syntax here is correct however , a lot of younger kids know those words as some sort of punishment phrase . Time Out == > Off to a corner or your room or whatnot . I just did n't like that phrasing.Next big problem is the TV . Boggle . In the beginning of the game is a television that Mickey can not turn on . -LRB- This is both in kid and normal mode -RRB- Ok ... So you push the button ... no luck ... then if you are fast , you can perform a `` Trick '' and try the remote ... this does n't work as well . So ... later you shrink mickey mouse and low and behold he climbs under the television and TADA ... the solution ... Mickey plugs the television into the wall . Now the remote will work . Now ... my three year old , when seeing this immediately said , `` Bad Mickey ! '' because he 's not allowed to plug things into electrical outlets ... but that might not be a common rule.Overall , i thought the game was pretty , though there is n't a great deal of material here ... and there is a good amount of interactiveness in the game but as a parent , i found the content in this DISNEY title to be a little disturbing.It 's cute . Rent it .
 I do not own this ; I rented it and I 'm really glad I did . I thought it would be something fun because I 've always loved anything Disney related , but I found this boring . With only theh point and click feature , there was n't much control over Mickey . All you can really do with him is open doors and have him walk from room to room . I was disappointed at the beginning with the story features . The graphics are great , but I found them boring and made me question when I 'd get to play the game.The only reason I gave it two stars is because the graphics were so good.If you want to try this out , rent it first .
 Mac users
 Always loved this game , but unfortunately it does not install or run on Lion operating system and the game manufacturer has no intention on making it so .
 I feel mislead both by Aspyr and Amazon for this purchase . I 'm grossly disappointed with this software . This software will NOT work on Intel-based iMacs . No fix is available , and I 've repeatedly emailed Aspyr asking for one . No response . The game looks great and presuming it worked on my brand new iMac , I 'd have a much different opinion . If you 're using any new Intel-based Apple computers , DO NOT ORDER THIS SOFTWARE !
 This is an old game and will not work with the newer Mac Pro computers . Because it is an old game the manufacturer said they will not be updating it .
 Purchased for a Macbook Pro , 2.4 GHz , and was informed by Aspyr tech support that the game will not work on the latest platforms .
 Ok first off i was exited about playing Homeworld 2 . ive heard its a great game . i would say the same if i could even play the thing but i cant . This game is annoying just because i cant even get it to play on my mac , it keeps on saying serial code error and give no discription what so ever in helping you . And the website doesnt do much to help either
 Great game but false advertising by Amazon ! This is a tremendous game ! I loved it so much back when I first played it in 2004 . But unfortunately I discovered after I got the game that it does not work on modern Macintosh computers . It will only work on PowerPC macs . G4 or G5 . So even though the description says it will work with Mac OSX , it wo n't work with any intel-based Macs . This sucks ! I feel that was false advertising on Amazon 's part . IF a product has severe limitations like that , then the product description MUST SAY THAT ! VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 If you have not yet upgraded to Mountain Lion , and are playing this game ; congratulations ... because once you do , this game will no longer be supported . Never got to try the game , as a result .
 This game did not work on my macbook pro that is brand new . Nor did it work on my brand new IMac . Which are both top of the line . I loved the game on my PC , so I was hoping to play it on either of my MACs . Very disappointed .
 I thought it would be fun to play a retro strategy game . I need n't have bothered as this game shows its age all too well . The game play is all right , but the graphics are nothing to get excited about . Not in this day and age . It is a shame too , because the world needs more strategy games , especially for power mac computers . This is a first person soot them up game disguised as a strategy game and I was deeply disappointed ...
 I noticed everyone praising this game , talking about how it was so great and fun . I decided since everyone liked so would I and I picked it up . You can pet your dog which you achieve by rubbing the screen , you can feed your dog simply by clicking on the dogfood/water bowl , you can throw toys which it will fetch and bring back for you to throw again , you can take it on walks which consits of putting your stylus on the end of the leash and holding it there . The funnest parts of this game are the competitions in which you can do various acts to impress the judges . As I was playing the competitions , because it is the only somewhat fun thing to - I discovered you can only enter in the competitions three times in one day . After the discovery you can only have a slight amount of fun in this game three times per day , I returned it to the store for half my money back . I feel like I have wasted fifteen dollars .
 First of all , I received this game in the mail with no case or instruction booklet . Was not happy . Then my daughter tried to play the game and did not work !! Was not happy .
 soo i got this game from my friends and i really liked it but i wanted to start from the beggining . but at the beging yu have to choose the dogs name and say it lik seriously 60 times and if u says it wrong even once it makes you bassically start over because if u do n't says is name every second of the dogs life it some how `` fogets it own name '' . I wasx playing and in the end i was yelleing and screaming at my ds ... this game pisses me off . . unless you have really really really really good patiencethen do n't buy this .
 This game is nothing great . When you first get started it seems fun at first ... until 15 minutes later you just found out that you did everything you could in one day . There is not much to do in this game . Sure , the graphics are great , but in the end its the actual gameplay that matters . You 'll constantly find your self going on a nice walk with your dog ... again ... and again ... . and again . There 's only three types of contests and 5 difficulty levels in each contest . But , you can only enter three contests a day with one dog . What 's worse is that each constest is only 1 minute long ... so u 'll be out of things to do real fast . Also your dogs get thirsty and hungry ... WAY TOO FAST . The items in the game are ok but Nintendo could have added a lot more . Finally , the dogs themselves are just annoying ... they 're really boring to play with ... especially when your practicing for a constest then it just feels like a chore . So do n't buy this game . My only comment about this games is NINTENDO WHAT HAPPENED ? THIS GAME COULD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER !
 They put so much work into making the dogs real they forgot to make the game fun . Lets see , you rub his head , throw it a toy , walk it and teach it up to 14 tricks . Wow . Barn-burning excitement . Mix in a dog show or two where you basically repeat all that stuff . Its different , its unique , its pretty impressive ... but its not fun . Yeah , its an incredible advancement in artificial intelligence to program the dogs to act like the real things , but most of us have real pets anyways . Its a novelty game just like all of Nintendo 's games . You open it , say `` thats a neat idea '' then trade it in a week later . Dont get me wrong , I dont hate it ... its just boring . Its not a game , its an experience . A dull experience .
 Hi , well to start this toy is soooooo much fun !!!!!!!! My dog 's name is Princess and she is sooooooooo cute !!!! She 's learned so many tricks such as ... . sit , lie down , shake , and roll over . But enough about my dog , let me tell you about the game . First of all you choose from a whole lot of breeds at the begining of the game . 2nd of all after you 've chosen a dog , you teach it it 's name and how to sit . 3rd you do whatever you want with it such as ... giving it baths , feeding it , taking it for walks , buying it things to wear , and entering it in contests . Oh and if you win contests you get money . And if you save up enough money you can buy other dogs !!!! Anyway give in already and buy it , hope this was helpful . lol Brooke .
 Please do us all a favor and save your cash for actually FUN games , not stupid games that provide fun for 1 hour . This was the first game I for my DS and I had to get more 'cause otherwise I would n't be using my DS ! That is how bad it is ! All you do is feed , wash , walk , adnd pet the stupid thing ! I love dogs , but this is definately the worst game I have ever played .
 My daughter loves this game but I hate it now that I know that if she does n't turn it on for some time she receives penalties where the electronic dogs suffer and who knows what else -- die ? I bought the game with the understanding that it would n't become a substitute for more important activities , and now we ca n't even put it away for a few days because bad things will happen to these virtual pets . I absolutely hate this . The dogs seem pretty real in ways and the child grows to care about them . To be punished for not turning on a video game is a revolting concept -- I would never buy anything with a similar feature again .
 I bought this for my daughters birthday . she has been complaining that the game wo n't let her do anything . The manual said there would be a menu with activities but there was n't .
 This game is awsom !!!!! if anybody read this im telling you GET THIS GAME !!! You can walk your dog , wash him , teach him tricks , put them in contests . for that person that said it gets boring forget his he probably didnt know how to go into contests and crape !!
 Hello people , save your money ! WAIT FOR THE PSP PORT OF NINTENDOGS . Why buy 3 Nintendogs DS cartridges to get all the breeds when , from what I 've read and heard , the PSP version of Nintendogs will have all breeds on one UMD disc ?!? -LRB- that 's the beauty of optical media , all 3 breeds can fit onto one UMD disc rather than having to use 3 SEPERATE cartridges , as is seen in the DS version of Nintendogs -RRB- . So my advice is wait for the PSP version of Nintendogs . You 'll only have to buy one UMD disc rather than 3 seperate cartridges -LRB- as is seen in the DS iteration of the game -RRB- ... thus you 'll have spare money to boot .
 I only played this game for 2 days , it is boring and my dog was an idoit sometimes .
 Hello people , save your money ! WAIT FOR THE PSP PORT OF NINTENDOGS . Why buy 3 Nintendogs DS cartridges to get all the breeds when , from what I 've read and heard , the PSP version of Nintendogs will have all breeds on one UMD disc ?!? -LRB- that 's the beauty of optical media , all 3 breeds can fit onto one UMD disc rather than having to use 3 SEPERATE cartridges , as is seen in the DS version of Nintendogs -RRB- . So my advice is wait for the PSP version of Nintendogs . You 'll only have to buy one UMD disc rather than 3 seperate cartridges -LRB- as is seen in the DS iteration of the game -RRB- ... thus you 'll have spare money to boot .
 FIRST FEW DAYS WAS FUN NOW IM BORED ALL I DO IS WALK THE DOG PET THE DOG WALK THE DOG PET THE DOG WALK THE DOG PET THE DOG WALK THE DOG PET THE DOG YOU GET MY POINT ITS REALLY BORING AND I HAVENT PLAYED IN A WHILE AND I THINK MY DOGS ARE DEAD AND WHEN I TURN IT ON I EXPECT TO SEE A PILE OF BONES WHICH IS SAD CUZ I LOVE DOGGIES GET A REAL DOG THEY ARE MORE FUN THNKS FOR READING IM BOBBY AND IM 7 YEARS OLD AND I DONT LIKE THIS GAME
 Hello , people ! Wait for the PSP version of the game -LRB- which should be much better -RRB- . You should use the $ 35 , donate it to the Red Cross to help victims all the victims of Tsunami Katrina in New Orleans . And when the PSP port of Nintendogs comes out , you 'll have a great game to boot.Don ' t forget the victims of the great Tsunami!Which is more important , a video game or the lives of the people affected by the great Tsunami in New Orleans ?!?
 Who would want to be a video game about controlling a dogs life ? For God 's sake , where living in a society of humans , not dogs . I mean if u wake up one morning , and u decide u want to be a dog , than u got ta be outta ur mind . Video games are supposed to have action and adventure in them . I do n't see any acion or adventure in changing ur dog 's water bowl . Training an imaginary dog ? What an adventure !! Overall - it 's not even one star . There is no number of stars to describe a game so boring and lame .
 wow this game is totally boring . duh . virtualle pet , please this is my PET peeve hahahahahah get it PET aaahahahahahahahahahah im sooo funny . no realy dont buy it its realy boring
 Wait for the PSP version of the game -LRB- which should be much better -RRB- . You should use the $ 35 , donate it to the Red Cross to help victims all the victims of Tsunami Katrina in New Orleans . And when the PSP port of Nintendogs comes out , you 'll have a great game to boot.Don ' t forget the victims of the great Tsunami ...
 The basic idea of the game is to own a dog without the mess and the costs it takes to both own and take care of a pet . As one who can not afford a pet myself , I decided to try out this game . Everyone had been going nuts about for so long , I assumed it would be this fabulous creation . Despite some of the negative reviews it had received.Sadly , I found out the hard way that the game gets old very quickly . Sure , the dogs are adorable . And for the first few minutes , sure , it 's fun to yell like an idiot into the microphone of your DS as you teach them their names and different sorts of tricks . But that will get boring , especially if your dogs too stupid to learn the move -LRB- my husky apparently is such a dog . After about fifty times of trying to teach it shake , I gave up -RRB- . There are the contests , but you only get three a day , and not as much money from it as you 'd hope . And of course there 's always the fact that if you put down your DS for a few days and do n't check up on your dogs , you 're fined what precious little money you have . This is enough to turn someone from the game.I would definitely not recommend this game to anyone , except for perhaps children .
 Buyer Beware ! If you have a Windows 2000 operating system on your PC , or the latest operating system for Macintosh , this little gem will not work on your machine.When asked about this problem , the manufacturer of said , `` it 's not designed to work on the current operating systems . `` I asked them if they intended to upgrade the software and they said , `` I do n't think so , but then again , technicians are always the last ones to know . `` Wrong , it is we , the consumers , who are the last ones to know . We find out AFTER we have bought the product and try to use it.Writing Tutor may once have been a good idea and a good piece of software , but if it was as good as they say it was its manufacturers should continue to support it.As it stands today , the software is pretty much useless .
 Not even worth the -LSB- money -RSB- ! The typing section of the program may be better . The writing tutor - the level of analysis is very low . It does n't catch a number of common errors .
 This programme is really awful . It states that it is suitable for `` any '' type of writers , but it is really only suitable for elementary school aged children , and even that group would not find this programme very enticing -- I know , because I teach elementary school . I am angry because of their advertising rhetoric , and like the previous reviewer stated , although it worked , it is way behind the times in technologically . Like my kids would say , `` This programme -LSB- is bad -RSB- ! ''
 This program has several cute features -LRB- though nowhere near the 50 they claim -RRB- but each works out rather like a `` demo mode '' of shareware . There are a few limited examples in each module , not a full list of features . It takes a lot of work to try to make the program at all useful , and to be blunt , it takes most of the creativity out of writing , rather than sparking your creativity . Most of the exercises reminded me either of a second grade `` storyboard '' activity or a sixth grade story prompt . None of the exercises are helpful in developing a real idea that you already have into an actual story or article.I will say this , though
 Maybe this game is better on Wii , but I played it on Gamecube and thought it was horrible . The game moves slowly , which is n't an egregious crime for an RPG , but something I could have done without . My main problem with the game is the horrible controls for Gamecube players . I 'm referring mostly to the combat system . It never feels natural , the camera moves around in ways that make it hard to see and the aiming system does n't work . This game felt more like a chore than fun.I miss Zelda on Super Nintendo . That , to me , is the best Zelda ever . This game just does n't feel right .
 Graphics are bland and there is little detail in most areas . I feel things just do n't flow together at all either . The story seems very choppy . I search each map extensvely and sometimes there is just nothing there at all , why bother having huge area with nothing in it . The music gets very tedious after awhile ; everytime an enemy approaches you get the same annoying music . I expected a graphical and musical extravaganza , but received mediocre graphics and sound . I guess I just expected more . Dungeons are very aggrivating , until you figure out what to do . I just do n't see the fun in this game and that 's unfortunate since I 'm a fan of the Zelda series and it feels as this game was rushed .
 I have waited over a year for this , and now , I am disapointed . The game looks good , sounds good and is big and adventurous -- nearly everything a Zelda player is lookiing for , but , not on GC.First they lied and said the delay was because of tweaks to the game , no , it was because they wanted to release the Wii version with the Wii system and not have people playing the GC version a year earlier.The control on the GC version is substandard after Windwaker and even the updated N64 games are more fluid . It 's obvious this was ment to be played on Wii.Also , the graphics are only 4:3 aspect ratio . The -LSB- ... -RSB- go so far as to give you a screen with 3 squares so to calibrate your TV , so if you have a widescreen you set it to make the game a little square in the middle of your big set.There is no excuse for the GC version not the have a 16:9 widescreen alternative , except , they want you to buy the Wii . They want you to have to buy the Wii . They do n't want you to enjoy this game without buying the Wii . If you want good graphics , widescreen and smooth control you have to buy the Wii.Have I mentioned , if you want to enjoy this game , you have to buy a Wii ?
 When I bought this game my son was very excited about playing the last of the Zelda series in our Nintendo Game Cube . This game starts the introduction but a few seconds into the game , it the Cube is not able to read the CD and must re-start . It makes it so that this is the only game CD we can not play . He was very disappointed .
 If this game was anything but a Zelda game it would be good , but its not worthy of the name . Way too much plot like a final fantasy and not enough freedom to run around , too many open spaces with nothing in them , why not put in some creatures that are fun to kill or secretes and upgrades . Being the wolf is just boring , why not just stay link , it serves no purpose , you cant use any objects as the wolf . The graphics are WAY TOO OVERRATED . They are muddy and some times you ca n't tell an object from the background . Why not build some art inbetween OOT and WW to stay traditional instead of something that looks like LOTR on PS2 . I love the other Zelda games , but this one is not a Zelda , hope it is not a sign of things to come .
 I 'm a huge zelda , or should I say , link fan ! I was very let down by this game . After playing threw the whole thing -LRB- which took many many hours -RRB- I was surprised that it was over . The final battle was boring , very unclimactic You are forced way too much into a pattern of fight against all of the enemies , especially the last guy . perhaps I 've outgrown the zelda series . sad day . nevertheless I will always want to be a tree dwelling , pointed green hat wearing , sword wielding , hero !
 This is the worst game I 've ever tried on my computer to date . Do n't even think that you can load it and drive the car with any degree of success on a keyboard . Even if you have a joystick or a racing wheel -LRB- which I purchased -RRB- the game locks up . There is no customer support aside from the usual -LRB- fix it -RRB- facts that come via e-mail . Yeah I know it only cost ... but NHRA should be ashiamed of themselves for buying into this . Oh and one more thing THEY ARE RELEASING NHRA II . I hope they worked the bugs out of this one seeing that they used this poor suckers money to fund it .
 This game is really bad . Is should be a whole lot cheaper than 9.99 . First you ca n't steer worth a flip an there is no customer support they say that they ca n't do much to help you out . My best bet to do with your money is to buy a game made by bethsoft like IHRA or Championship drag racing or Burnout . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Mixed low review - The single biggest negative is the contrast/brightness level of the screen , which makes it near impossible to see except at certain angles and light conditions . Unfortunately , that is a huge Achilles heal . Otherwise , great electronics , features , and stylus operation . I would try to demo this before buying since the screen issue could be a deal breaker -LRB- unless there is something wrong with mine , which I doubt , I would not buy this again -RRB-
 This product was only good for about 1 week . The inner light went out and that makes it very difficult to see . I have written to the company I purchased from , asking them to exchange it and I have yet to receive a response . I 'm out the $ 59.95 I paid for it , plus tax and shipping . It was a birthday present for my fiancee and I am extremey dissappointed and thinking about filing charges against Fine Things II for stealing my money .
 I purchased this game because I like rally games and it was cheap . You get what you pay for . Having owned serveral rally games for the PS2 and Xbox , I have never played a game with such loose controls . It was very frustrating having to fish tail through much of the races . The game does not seem very deep as there are not that many tracks and very little as far as customization of your vehicles . But if you can handle the controls , there can be some fun in the game . It is a PS3 game so there are some nice graphics to be had -LRB- especially the track surfaces -RRB- . The tracks were fine , but being on the more arcade side , they should have made the tracks a little more crazy with big jumps . I was fighting the controls the whole time while finishing 6th -LRB- last -RRB- most of the time . I could not enjoy this game and will sell it to get credit to purchase Dirt and/or Pure as the reviews for those have been good and hopefully the controls are tighter , which I like .
 This game is unplayable . Whether on dirt or pavement , your car will oversteer , even 4wd rally cars which should be understeering . There 's no sense of speed as well . Unless you look at the speedo , there 's no sense of whether you 're going 20mph or 120 .
 I was very disapointed with this game . Having played the arcade version I was expecting more . Racing sims have come a long way in quality and gameplay i.e. , Formula 1 2008 . This game was left behind . I would pay no more than $ 10.00 .
 It 's very hard to push the buttons -LRB- I have a small hand -RRB- . You ca n't hardly see the numbers , even with the light on . I 'll go back to my old one . Please do n't waste your money on this one .
 I have an old , worn-out version of this game which I wanted to replace . This seller was easy to work with and sent the game promptly , including a copy of the instruction sheet which was very appreciated since the original one was lost years ago.Sad to say , there is some difference in the way this item functions - a difference which would not have been noticed by anyone not so used to this game as I am . I think the seller represented it honestly but the item itself is disappointing .
 I 'm addicted to solitaire and have wasted more hours than I care to admit playing this handheld version . One would expect an electronic game such as this to deal the cards randomly , NOT ! One example , 8 out of every 10 games start with 3 of one kind -LRB- ie ; 3 jacks -RRB- and 2 or 3 of another kind ; I know because I sat and recorded every deal for 100 games one evening , 81 were dealt that way . This is not in any way random . If you 're looking for a game that is n't stacked against you , look elsewhere !
 Horrible graphics and boring , uninteresting games . I bought it to play Gin Rummy , which I was never able to figure out . Definately not worth the money .
 This `` deluxe suite '' is really just a repackaging of very old games from who knows where . Each game must be installed individually , so if you want variety in your gaming , you 'll be creating a registry nightmare for yourself.I only tried a couple of the games therefore , and they appear to be ports from the Windows 3.1 era . I even got a dialog message saying that the game would run better in 8-bit graphics mode . The gameplay was very simplistic compared to what 's available now.Trust me , this suite is not worth the money or headache . Get a game package from Hoyle or Bicycle instead .
 My XP computer well exceeds the minimum system requirements needed for this game but it would not play . It loaded with no trouble but when I hit the play button a screen full of garbage appeared and the whole computer froze . I could not even more the cursor . I had to unplug my computer from the wall socket . Despite extensive help from eGames the same problem recurred again and again . I was never able to play the game so I can not recommend this game to anyone . It is a waste of $ 25.00 .
 This game has really poor graphics which annoyed me so much I bought a different mah jong game and never play this one . the software has a ton of different tile sets and layouts , but the graphics are of such bad quality that the game is unplayable .
 This came has an abundance of bells and whistles and has many pleasing choices in game setup that others do not offer . The main drawback is the lack of flexibility in the game itself . I hoped to build levels and be able to graduate from one level and move up and up to reach a highest record score . Instead , each level is a time trial and is measured only against the level itself .
 We experienced serious problems with the Nyko Wormlight causing the Gameboy Color to quit in the middle of the game , losing memory since the last save . I spoke to Nintendo , and they 're having dozens of calls a day with the same problem , even erasing all memory from accumulated games . Even if you stop using the light , the Gameboy is corrupted . There are currently no authorized lights sold , but a new Gameboy with larger , brighter display is due out in July .
 I paid $ 8 at gamestop for this garbage to use with my new fucia GBA . The light is so close and bright that all you see on the screen is a huge glare of light . Ca n't see the game . Do n't buy this one ! I would gladly pay another $ 100 for a backlit system to avoid having to use these crummy accesories .
 After about two days of using this thing , the wire inside it snapped . I never got it to work again . It wasnt much good while it worked anyway , the light was so bright that it reflected off the screen and made it very hard to see . Very unfortunate because it would be nice to be able to see my game boy in the dark . Also this product plugs into the socket that is used for the game link cable , so you cant link with a friend while the light is plugged in . I would not reccomend this product to you .
 This light is concentrated to one area of the screen , it is so bright you ca n't even see the game you 're playing ! The one thing that is good about it is it requires no external power source . Furthermore , it works better just as a flashlight . A flashlight and the worm light both can blind you if you stare directly at them for long enough !
 The bulb 's glare on the screen is unavoidable , thus it 's difficult to play games . It 's like playing outfield in baseball with the sun in your eyes . This thing is a cool looking waste of money .
 - runs your battery life-causes a glare on the screen-not worth a penny
 I purchased this worm light for my color GameBoy and not more than one week after I bought it , it died . It was not the light source , it was something with the connecting plug that broke . Do not purchase this item !
 Do not believe the other reviewers on this . This is a horrible light . I have high standards , you should too . The manufacturer brags about the patented `` white light '' used for this item . Since when can you patent white light ?? What next , patented oxygen ?? Deceptive advertising here . The effect of the light is akin to shining a minature keychain flashlight onto your lcd screen . Yes , it is better than other game boy lights out there , but still is n't worth a measley 10 bucks . If you use the light , you will notice that the light will concentrate heavily on a specific area of the screen , no matter how you adjust it . Very bad for your eyes
 I never use my WormLight , because it does n't illuminate the entire screen adequately , nor is it bright enough . I prefer a floor lamp . The Wormlight is cheap , so it is n't a huge waste of money if you do n't like it . If you can try one out first , however , you should .
 i requested to cancel to a product a purchase , and the company never replied back to me to cancel it , and it took money out of my bank account , im reporting to to higher grounds because i dont like what 's happening , or finding other means to deal with this problem , this is poor customer service , and i feel i got cheated out of my money , i believe i sent the email 2 days ago to have what i order cancel and i never got a reply ...
 I ordered a purple Worm Light back In September 2010 From the seller `` collectorscardsandgames '' , Amazon advertised it as a nyko worm light , Instead what i got was a Innovation Brand Worm light that had a yellow bulb that made the colors on the screen look black and white , So i emailed him , and he says he sells them regardless of brand , So my advice is DO NOT buy from collectorscardsandgames . He did fraud on us
 While I have enjoyed my Game Boy a great deal , I can not help wondering how they could have made it with such a hard to see , glare-prone screen . So of course I thought this light would be a great idea . Was I wrong ! Do n't get me wrong , the light works ok , but then , holding the Game Boy in bright light at the proper angle is also OK and costs no money . The light casts an horrendous glare that almost negates its usefullness and really does not light up the screen very well at any angle . Save your money -LRB- and shipping ! -RRB- and do n't bother unless you REALLY want to use your Game Boy in the dark or in low light conditions .
 What if you 're in a dark room and wan na link up with someone ! With this , you ca n't !
 I am a big fan of 2KSports , they have the BEST basketball game and until Madden took over , they had a very competitive , and some would say the best , football game . But their baseball franchise is sinking fast . I will go as far as to say that this game is worse than last year . How can any game ratingJD Drew a 100 be worth your time ? This game was rushed to the stores and is full of bugs . I pre-ordered it only to re-sell it after playing it once . The Show , 07 is hands down the best baseball game available . So pay the extra 10 $ and get a game worth playing , this title will only frustrate you .
 This Game is oh-me-gawd awful . I would n't expect crappy graphics out of a 2K series game . 2K is known for putting close to next gen graphics on ESPN NFL 2K5 -LRB- which assassinates Madden by a long shot -RRB- Outdated Rosters , Sometimes the A.I doesnt allow you to win -LRB- and this is on pro !!! -RRB- At least it wasnt an offensive minded game like 2K6 for 360 . You can actually play D in this game . I could easily score 10-15 runs on all-star in 2K6 . That is why I gave a 3 for fun . The A.I. is very competitive , other than that please get MLB
 horrible . no realism to it at all . everybody is overrated . the yankees and mets have no less then 6 players rated a 100 . chris duncan is a 93 . he 's played one year . base running is worse then games from the 90 's . no matter what you have it set on , and no matter where the ball is hit , the runner will continue run , you can get infield single and he 'll keep going to second by the time you get him to retreat it 's too late . i played 2 nine innings games . i had 15 hits 2 homeruns , and 13 singles thrown out for going doubles . then there 's the new arguing calls feature . but what they do n't tell you is if your manager gets ejected the asst. managers are cotrolled by the computer . which means all subsitutions are up to him . when i wanted a relief pitcher , because josh beckett had 35 % stamina left , my asst. managers kept him in for 2 more innings despite he gave up 8 runs after i wanted to pull him . complete waste of money . buy mvp 2005 and create the new players . and oh yeah , players like roger clemens , do n't have real names clemens is Randy Carter , and he 's black now .
 Fans of EA 's MLB 06 will be horribly dissapointed with this title . First of all , the loading times are ridiculous . The game frequently freezes midplay as if it ca n't catch up with the action . Also , there seems to be no logic to the game . Pitches that you may connect with well one time will just ground out the next . I have played about 7 games with this title since I bought it , and i cant help but emphasize frustration . The controls seem like they 're on valium half the time , as sometimes you 'll push a button with no recognizable response . The bottom line is , when I play this game , I feel like I 'm running a brand new computer game on a five year old computer , with totally inconsistent controls . Like I said , frustrating , especially if you come from playing the great EA MLB series . Look elsewhere to satisfy your MLB hunger , or seriously , just rent this first .
 the baserunning on the game sucks . It has many , many bugs and the players dont even come close to how they look . Early 2000 games looked a lot better than this one .
 This game is terrible . I was shocked to find my Minnesota Twins who won 96 games last year were ranked 24th overall , and the Yankees -LRB- with no more than a mediocre pitching staff coming into the season -RRB- had a perfect overall rating . The confusing game play did nothing to overcome the ranking flaws . I 'll give The Show a try .
 This game is exactly the same as MLB 2k6 . One thing I like is the complete updated rosters . The graphics are hidious . Every batter has the same batting stance , and every pitcher has the same windup ! Corny !! -LRB- except the D-Train with the high leg kick -RRB- . I was very upset that this game did not improve . The game even has false advertising , which on Tv and the web show great graphics . Do n't buy this if you are hoping for a baseball video game with sincere graphics and great gameplay . This has neither . The music playlist and rosters are the only thing good about this , which is why I put that one and only star on there .
 I guess I am going to have to upgrade soon to PS 3 or xbox 360 . This game is simply not up to par on PS 2 .
 I just went and purchased `` The MLB 2007 the show '' this afternoon . 2K7 froze constantly to the point I had to restart every time I played . Pretty hard to get through a season at that pace . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME .
 This game has so many glitches , I do n't think i 'd be able to name all of them within a few paragraphs . I actually prefer 2k5 better than 2k7 . The graphics are much better , the flow of the game is much more smooth -LRB- Without Lag -RRB- and there are n't as many little glitches . I encourage all buyers to NOT purchase this game better yet rent it like I did.Thanks to this game , and other 2k sports games , I will only buy EA Sports games.EA SPORTS NEEDS TO MAKE ANOTHER BASEBALL GAME . MVP Baseball was bomb!Ok , I 'm done .
 I rented this game and thought maybe it was me , but then I came on amazon and saw i was not alone . This game is awful - The pitching stinks , the batting is the worst I have seen in years . I can not even keep this game for the whole week - I am bringing it back . Boo 2k sports - awesome basketball , horrible baseball !!
 this was a huge disipointment . The game tried to spiff its self up with new fetures but i loved it when it was classic . the hitting sucks the fielding sucks and the carecter creation suc . overall it just plain sucks
 The show is just number one MLB07 THE SHOW . GET THAT GAME SO MUCH BETTER !! ,
 Many magazines have been giving this item rave reviews , but I ca n't understand why . Sure the design is elegant and innovative , but it makes games almost impossible to play unless you are in absolute darkness . The glare from this light is just plain ridiculous , and the only way to decrease it is to bend the light to one side , which decreases the amount of light on the screen . There has GOT to be a better way to light up your gameboy , and let me tell you , this is NOT it .
 The light is very attractive looking and does light the screen effectively , but the glare is horrible ! All I can see is the light 's reflection in the screen ... thus making that area of the screen unviewable . Although it 's better than playing in a dark room , this light has serious drawbacks . The light is bendable and can be moved to the edges of the screen , but once the reflection is gone from the screen the other edge of the screen is too dark to see . You ca n't angle it to avoid the glare . What they REALLY need is two lights ... one for each side . This one single light is too focused on a small area . It does look pretty cool though .
 I bought my kids each one of these at Christmas , so that they could play with their Gameboys in the car when the light was low . Waste of time and money.The light is n't very powerful , does n't illuminate much of the screen , and seems to suck the batteries dry much sooner . The glare makes my eyes hurt , and I ca n't imagine it 's good for my kids either . We do n't use them any more . Do n't bother .
 It eats the batteries way too much faster than normal.It 's only recommended for night-time use .
 Yes , it may look neat and attractive , but trust me , it is not worth it ! The glare from the light covers the entire screen ofmy GBC and makes game play impossible . And , if you try to cooperate with it , it just gives you a big headache . I guess playing in the dark is just not a good idea for now ,
 Be careful buying this light . The invoice and order just say Tyko Light . We ordered the Game Boy `` Nyko Worm Light '' , but was delivered a Game Boy Color light instead . The genius who designed the GB and GBColor flipped the connectors 180 degrees so you ca n't use the same light on both GBoys . So , no proof on what we ordered -LRB- the invoice just said `` Tyko Worm Light '' -RRB- and shipping cost of more than the worth of the light , we continue to play in the dark . I have learned a couple of times now that it 's best to buy from brick & mortar.Dissappointedly , Playing in the dark !!
 What a waste of money . It is certainly neat looking but it does n't work at all . I never used it enough to find out that it drains the batteries faster . I put it on my game boy , was never able to get it adjusted so that it would n't glare on the screen and took it off . Now I have no idea what to do with it . As someone else mentioned , it also appears to be so fragile that you are reluctant to try to adjust it much . Supposedly the `` white light '' was supposed to work perfectly with the game boy . I ca n't believe anyone actually tried this on a game boy and thought it was worth marketing.Don ' t buy it . Get someone to hold a pen light over your shoulder so that it glares off the screen and you will see what a bad idea this is.Years ago , when the original came out they had a combination magnify and light that worked quite well . Maybe it was because there were two lights on either side of the screen at the correct angle . It had it 's own batteries so you were n't draining the game boy . And it did n't block any ports.Bottom Line
 I have to admit , this is a pretty nifty invention , but it does not work well with GameBoy . It drains the battery from the GameBoy about 3 times than normal . There is a tremendous glare and the light only covers about half the screen when you change the angle to get rid of the glare . Like any other parent , they 'd say it is very bad for your eyes . So when you run to the next room in Zelda , arrows are flying at you and you ca n't see where they 're coming from . You change the angle , find the enemies then you ca n't find Link . Then you switch back to original angle and by the time you get close enough to the enemy , you 're dead . They are n't very flexible and seem so fragile that you do n't want to bend it . When I got it in the mail , I was surprised how small it was . Also , if you are playing Pokemon or some 2 player game , the Worm Light blocks up the Link Cable slot . Please , think about this and I highly recommend you not to purchase this item .
 The good is that there are lots of games . The bad is that your opponents and partners , -LRB- worse -RRB- seem to be morons . The bidding in the bridge section is terrible . I was stuck with this game for many weeks and so got to know it . It is hard to figure out why your partner made a particular bid afterwards . There is also a flaw -LRB- for my IMAC at least -RRB- in the pinochle game that freezes up the game after the second time the game is played . I sent an email to the company complaining , no response ever . Frustrating programs .
 Sometimes I wonder if anybody has ever bought a game released on DVD . The truth is , DVD is n't any better quality for games , it 's just slower . If you have a CD-ROM drive , buy the CD-ROM version . If you only have a DVD drive on your comp , get a CD-ROM drive . DVD drives are slower than a good 40-50x cd-rom drive , no matter what anyone tries to tell you .
 the bards tale first disk says it is empty ... i do n't get it . and the free game that was sent ... i usually do n't complain about the things i get for free , but this did not work either
 The interface is very awkward to use . They should have just used a mouse or keyboard commands . The top down view caused me vertigo and is also awkward . The humor is weak . I do n't usually give up on a game , but did for this one .
 If you want to throw away money , buy this game . The poor interface and hideous execution make this one of the worst games I 've ever tried to play . As for the attempt at humor , forget it . The best thing about this game is the tolerable intro in the booklet that comes with it .
 I wonder if the people who have so far reviewed `` The Bard 's Tale '' -LRB- PC -RRB- on the web actually played it or the demo , or if they are relying on the reputation of previous games with the same name to make a judgment call about this game . I do not believe many did play it , because if they did , they would have seen how frustrating and how little fun the game becomes as it drags on . Yes , the voice acting is funny and enjoyable , but a cute and quirky story can not make up for the game 's overall poor design.During certain animations -LRB- and more importantly during battle -RRB- the game will slow to a crawl comparable to the lag you might experience playing a newly released MMORPG on a dial-up connection . The slow down is a known problem for users of certain models of GeForce and Radeon cards , but not all users will be affected . As of the date of this review , there is no support for this issue and no official forum for discussion of such tech problems.Don ' t rely on the game box and screenshots as a judge of the game environment . Basically we are dealing with a slightly modified , old fashioned top-down view with the added bonus of trees and other structures that must become transparent to allow you to see your character as you move under them . Due to the limited field of view , the minimap becomes essential to know what is a few feet away from you , either because you will not be able to actually see monsters until they are practically right on top of you or because they will be obscured if they move under trees that you are not under at the same moment.Yes , you have companions that have cool powers that will be helpful in different situations . But no matter what you do , if you are ganged up on by more than three monsters at once , you may as well give up and load your game . This is because most of the monsters you fight have a tendency to knock you down or stun you for some time when they hit . Basically , if you can not block perfectly , you will be round-robined to death as you enemy takes turns knocking you down and doing damage to you while you can not stand up and recover . Meanwhile your companions will do whatever would be most illogical in such a situation
 I was an original Bard 's Tale enthusiast , and really wanted to like this game . After I got over the fact this was almost NOTHING like the original game , I just looked at it as a new game . Unfortunately , this is basically a console gamer , as others have stated . Absolutely none of a PC 's capabilities were used - every house , village and dungeon has to be loaded EVERY single time . The view can not be changed , and none of the ` standard ' PC mouse/cursor interface seems implemented at all . All in all , I was very disappointed . I periodically try and revisit it again , because I DO like the humor , but it 's just too painful to play .
 I have now owned 3 dual strikes the thumb pad is * very * poorlycrafted . The store I bought it from offered a replacement guaranteefor 4.00 so I bought it , and I 'm glad Ill be getting my fourth dual strike today . Why you say because is an incredible tool ... If it was n't for the thumb pad I 'd throw my mouse , keyboard and joystick out the window . Its a dream pad ... If Microsoft can beef up the thumb pad they have a serious winner . If not , Ill just keep exchanging them for a year then get my money back!Thumb pad breaks off way to easily ... with maybe 10 hours of game play consistently Do n't buy one without a purchase extended warranty . In fact do n't buy one unless you have lots of free time to keep exchanging it . END
 I agree with all of the reviews up until now . The product was GREAT for playing games like Quake 2 and other shoot 'em ups . But , the fun only lasted until the thumb directional pad fell off . After looking at how it happened , it 's easy to see that it -LRB- the thumb pad -RRB- was definitely under-engineered . It 's only held on by a small piece of plastic -LRB- approx . 1/8 '' in diameter -RRB- , and it is easily broken during normal gameplay.I got more than 10 hours of use , but it definitely did n't last as long as I expected from a product from Microsoft . I have purchased other Microsoft hardware , and I 'm very happy with the durability of those , just not the Dual Strike .
 This Controller has to be by far , the WORST by Microsoft . Within 5 days , the swivelling Point of View hat had broken off , which did n't really bother me as I could n't get the controller to work with half of my games ! If you want to try it , it is n't a bad price if you like throwing your money . My advice
 Within 2 months of buying this controller it broke . although , the thing rocked for Soldier of Fortune . Upon further examination of the boken piece , I realized just how cheaply it had been put together . it seemed bound to break . Otherwise , the game software could come with a lot more configuration shemes . Or , at least have them for download someplace .
 This item appears to be a PC Controller of some type . However , I ca n't imagine how I could control any game accurately with it . Just look at the stock photo . WTF is this thing ?!
 Having purchased a new VISTA PC , I thought I 'd try the new game demo LOST PLANET . Remarkable graphics for a first person shooter game , so I tried this game controller to navigate . Ugh . It was designed for win98 , and is n't supported by MS. No recent drivers , and you ca n't easily turn right/left , or look-shoot up or down . Modern games do lots more than this old junk can handle .
 It was with great mourning that I retired my Gravis Xterminator , and now I feel like crying a river and pursuing some means of electronic resurrection or wizardry to bring it back ... I was looking for a controller -LRB- whether gamepad or joystick -RRB- that took advantage of USB technology and provided proportional control for driving/racing sims as well as flight sims like X-Wing Alliance and the new Crimson Skies . I looked around and decided on the Dual Strike , seeing that it had some decent reviews and , if I took the time to get past the 1.5 hour learning curve for its radical design , I 'd have an awesome controller on my hands that would let me do darn near anything.Frankly , I was disappointed every step of the way . Unlike my old Gravis , the Dual Strike 's `` schemes '' -LRB- where you control the function of the programmable buttons -RRB- have to be loaded seperately under the Game Controller every time you decide to play a different game -- the Gravis automatically adapted , recognizing the programs loading up.When I began to use the buttons , I realized how poorly they were actually placed . All to often , trying to press one button , I 'd wind up pressing another at the same time . The < A > button -LRB- top button on right side of controller -RRB- is almost completely inaccessable , and futzing around with the shift-key during the middle of a firefight is downright dangerous . The triggers where your index fingers rest are a nice attempt to provide what other controllers easily offer , but fail in that they activate during rough moves when you least want them to , and you forget they 're there when you most need them because they just feel like a solid part of the Dual Strike 's shell.The proportional control -LRB- the swivelling part on the right -RRB- does take a while to get used to , and once you do , it 's a truly innovative idea when it comes to FPSs . Great idea , offering a lot of flexibility and control . Unfortunately , the `` center '' position is without any form of guidance in the form of internal resistance . You 've got to futz around until your character finally stops moving to know when you 've found it , nothing intuitive about it at all . This was especially problematic when I tried to use the controller for Need for Speed
 The gameplay is ok , but a couple of issues really hurt the game . For example -LRB- as others have mentioned -RRB- , if you save a game more often than not when you reload the game it is in a default ballpark . It may seem like a minor thing , but it gives you an idea of the kind of obvious flaws that were released with the game . Also the baserunning controls are sluggish at best . Overall pretty dissapointing .
 This lousy sports title looks like it will be the all time last original XBOX release . I bought my original shiny new XBOX and many new games one month after the xbox360 was released . I resisted buying this original XBOX because I just knew microsoft would find a way of taking my money and then screwing me . SURPRISE , they did just that . Only then did I learn that Microsoft would no longer in any way support the original XBOX and after giving to Microsoft my very hard earned dollars for all that stuff , I was now expected to throw it all out and give them more money for an xbox360 . Oh , and then they might get around to backward compatability for a few titles at some point . I pray for the day Microsoft goes down in flames and I will NEVER buy an xbox360 .
 This was my first year purchasing the MLB 2k series . I am hugely disapointed with my purchase . Yes the graphics are better , Yes the computer A.I. is smarter , and yes I love the new trading block system . But this game is one of the least user friendly games I have ever played.In order to save while in franchise mode you must save your profile , franchise settings -LRB- if modified -RRB- , Lineup , and season . It takes forever . It extremely difficult to create a player and add him to your team . As for the game mode
 I rented this game before buying and I 'm glad I did ! Graphically nice , but as another reviewer said , `` Often the commentary does not match the gameplay '' . Also , I found the pitching interface to be confusing . Maybe I am just stupid , but I did not enjoy this game at all . The opposing batters hit almost everything I threw at them , and there were many in the park homeruns . Pathetic . The EA MVP series was much , much , better and I am sorry to see 2K take over the fanchise . I have n't played the Xbox360 version , but I am not prepared to pay that much for a `` game '' machine .
 So ... . I rented this game . I am glad I did . If you are considering buying this game , I STRONGLY recommend renting it first . Perhaps I 'll be wrong and you 'll love it . . but if you do n't like it you saved yourself a ton of cash.First , the good : The game looks great . It takes advantage of the ps3 hardware and really make it feel alive . I had someone replacing the tile walk by a few times , and he did n't notice it was a game until the 3rd time he walked by.The voice overs are very well done . They are meshed well to sound like real comments being made by announcers . As you play it more , they will get a bit repetitive , but they still did a pretty good job here.The Bad : The Gameplay !!!! Okay , on to the specifics.The batting interface with the Sixaxis controller sucks . It is hard to see where a ball is heading ahead of time unless you get lucky with the batter 's eye and as a result most will take lots of swings at balls that are nowhere close . It can also get somewhat tiring constantly shoving the controller out . . and you will do it pretty hard if you want to hit homers.Speaking of home runs . . wow . I guess the game assumes EVERYONE is on steroids , but good lord it is easy to knock it out of the park . Tilt the controller back , time it right , and boom . . gone . This is balanced out by the cpu robbing you frequently and knocking it out of the park all the time itself . Maybe I am remembering baseball wrong . . but I do n't remember people hitting home runs 3-4 times a game.On the subject of robbing
 Very hard to play , sixaxis mode does n't work very well , very hard to run with man on bases . No recomended for baseball players beginers .
 If you 've been playing MLB 06
 MVP Baseball ' 05 by EASPORTS , It Is NOT ! And that 's sad because that was and still is the best game for baseball on the PC or any system going.But MLB 2k7 is a very beautiful game to look at in HD , for that I give it 5 stars . It has a lot going for it in the visual/audio department , great graphics , ballparks , edit screens , sound -LRB- annoucers : Miller and Morgan -RRB- and plenty of team eye candy . But something is quite not right . MVP Baseball ' 05 ... It is NOT!I quess I 'm partial to MVP '05 and hate that EA lost it 's hold on the ML rights to produce the game . So I 'm some what bias , I quess . Here are a few things that I feel are negatives .1 . The fielding is semi automatic which is bad . You ca n't change it to allow the game to field for you .2 . There is no view from behind the pitcher IF YOU 'RE AT BAT ,3 . Limited camera views of balls hit , except in replays . -LRB- example
 I do n't like this game at all . I think the players move too slow , and it seems impossible for them to change directions quickly . I also think the power of the shots are mostly the same . I think this game is extremely boring and I regret buying it .
 I ca n't get past the fact that when I play this game head to head with my son , he either strikes out or hits a home run . When you hit for power and you connect you are pretty much guaranteed to hit it out of the park . It does n't seem to matter what the team is , who the batter is , or who the pitcher is , it is way too easy to hit a home run . There is very little fielding in this game because of this . I have even tried adjusting the difficulty settings , but that made no difference . The amount of homers completely ruins this game for me .
 I am so glad that I rented this game . Because the game is garbage with a $ 60.00 price tag . 2k sports proves yet again why they are an inferior franchise.The Good : Pitching is O.K. sometimesThe Bad : Controls are garbage.The game is not realisticBase Running is impossibleHitting with the `` hit stick '' makes me want to throw my controller out of the window after I try to hit a home run and the player bunts.The Fielding sucks , it 's not accurate at allThe game is not fun at allThe graphics suck for a Next Gen GameMLB should be embarrassed that this is it 's only title out there . I think it 's about time that we get some competition out there . No-one would buy this game if there was an alternative . Mario Baseball for Gamecube is better than this game.I am glad I rented it and did not pay $ 60.00 for it .
 I 'm a huge baseball game fanatic . I used to have a PS 2 and played all the EA Sport games -LRB- i.e.
 Upon playing this game for the first time , I was n't sure if I mistakenly picked up MLB2k6 insteak of 07 . The opening screen is well ... exactly the same . The choices are all , well , exactly the same . GM mode and franchise mode moved the gamer menu buttons from the left side to the top , but other than that , there 's no difference from 2K6 . Well , maybe things will change when I get into a game.Well , pitches come at you a little bit faster . You have to judge whether to swing in about a quarter of a second , even less if you want to put some power on it . Baserunning is still frustrating . Fielding is downright atrocious . The players look more real though , and they definitely move more fluently . It 's still raining inside Miller Park , even though the stadium has a retractable roof -LRB- which even the announcers point out , making it more assinine as to why there 's rain falling inside -RRB- . Ratings are still biased towards the teams that spend the most money . Rookies that appeared in last years game disappeared in this one . The only addition to GM mode is the ability to look at your average attendance and change ticket prices . Just like a real GM!Well , they finally finished last year 's game . It 's still subpar and it still does n't do anything for me . Goodbye 2k series baseball .
 I had the game for a week . I hit one base hit and everything else was a strikeout or a home run . Who wants to play a baseball game where every at bat is a strike out then you win with a couple of home runs ?? There 's little real baseball `` play '' in this game . Graphics are truly amazing but on the XBox360 the game stutters quite often . I took it back to the store .
 i bought this game when it 1st came out and i thought it was going to be way better then 2k6 or 5 i was wrong the game has the same problems as 2k6 and it frezes all the time . i would not recommend this game for anyone it is a waste of money the only reason it got a 2 was b/c i got it so fast
 I found this game and bought it thinking `` hey , I havent played this game in years ! '' and was excited that I was going play an old school game . Much to my disapointment the PC version of this game only works on Windows 95 , thats right , not XP , not Vista , Windows 95 . Since if I had returned it I would have gotten $ 0.01 back , the discs made a nice decrative placements for drinks .
 BattleChess is basically just like any other chess game out there except for one mode . That being the ability to play chess with fantasy pieces which actually fight it out . These pieces include characters like infantrymen , heavily armored knights , wizards and Rockmen . When one piece takes over another , the screen shifts to a one on one fight . This is entertaining to watch since some are pretty funny -LRB- Rockman the Rook pounding the lonely infantryman . . pawn ... into a pancake -RRB- . While this is a fun premise , it falls short on quite a few areas . The graphics are not very good even for a NES game , even though it is just a chess game . The pieces can take a very long time to move , especially the Knight . Also , the fighting animations can get very tiring to watch since they are repeated over and over again . Btw , you do n't participate in these fights which is understandable since a pawn would never be able to beat a Queen . This game does offer standard 2D figures which speeds up the game a lot though along with 2 player modes and various difficulty levels . Overall , it 's a fun chess sim but unless you have a few hours to kill , the BattleChess mode is not worth it .
 This game is completely lame , even if you like to play chess . And I do enjoy the occassional game of chess , so you 're not getting a biased opinion here . The gameplay is very slow when moving chess pieces , and every offensive move that `` takes a piece '' requires a lame battle screen where the attacker kills the victim . Do n't waste your money on this one , unless you have every other NES game and desperately need it to complete your collection . If you are looking for just a chess game , pick something else !
 After installing one game , I tried to play it . It says to use the code wheel to decipher the access code for the game . No code wheel was included , so the game is permanently locked.Tried running a few more games , but they would not run at all on windows XP.The huge , poor quality PDF manual is a big pain unless you print it out and index it .
 When I first saw this in the stores I jumped at the chance to own fourteen classic AD&D games . When I got home I was incredibly dissapointed . The first thing that bothered me was the installation
 This is a pretty dissapointing game . A lot of things are just stupid , like the lame between-mission dramatic moments , but i 'm going to give an example of a typical mission to illustrate my point.I 'm supposed to attack a heavily fortified hilltop position . At the base of the hill , I take cover with about 7 or 8 other squadmates to try and take out some enemies blocking our way up . While we 're shooting at them , I 'm taking heavy fire and ca n't figure out where it 's coming from , especially since i 'm getting shot when I 'm lying down behind a dirt parapet . Eventually I realize that a machine gun at the top of a far away hill behind a tree line that I ca n't even begin to see through is shooting me with pinpoint accuracy . When I finally move up the hill , I 'm instructed to go help some of my buddies lay down fire on the machine gun bunker at the top . This is actually a very intense firefight , but the gameplay itself completely ruins it . I 'm ordered to suppress the bunker , and while I do , it informs me that I 'm supposed to be sticking with a certain member of my squad . It gives me a name but in the dark and in the firefight it 's rather difficult to differentiate between any of my squad , so I literally have to play through the action 4 times more before I figure out waht to do , because if I do n't stay right next to that particular squad member it fails the mission . When i finally figure out who it is , I 'm told to continue suppressing the bunker while a different man takes it out with a rocket . He gets shot -LRB- it 's in the script ; happens every time -RRB- and I 'm informed I have to take the bunker out using a grenade , rocket , or C4 . I do n't have any of those things on me , but I figure no big deal , I 'll run to where my squadmate was shot and use his rocket launcher . Guess what ? As soon as i run towards him , I get failed for leaving my other buddy . I ca n't get past this mission only about 3/4 through the game because of ridiculously stupid planning like this . It 's not worth the money or the time to just get caught up in the game 's poor development .
 This game seems to have been written for console platforms with the PC version as an afterthought . The graphics are Playstation-esque even at high resolution and the gameplay is more like console shooters than recent PC games -LRB- checkpoints instead of savegames , etc. -RRB- . Add in severely anemic sound effects , comical character models , jerky gameplay -LRB- even on smoking fast machines -RRB- , confusing missions , and a healthy dose of bugs -LRB- I ran one whole mission with my entire squad glued together like something from John Carpenter 's The Thing . Hilarious but not much use in a firefight . -RRB- and Men of Valor makes for a big waste of money.On the plus side the fire effects and explosions look really good , but save your money and download some screenshots instead .
 This game sure gives me the feeling of `` been there , done that '' in its gameplay . I am refering to Medal Of Honor and Call of Duty , except those games had a decent game-save feature . Here you have to wait for the game to automatically save itself because you ca n't . The result is that when you 're killed you must replay the same action again and again until you get it right and can proceed . It even has the little compass so you 'll know which direction to go , which is only another way of saying that this is a super linear game . It might appear to be a great big jungle for you to explore , but there is really only one way for you to go . This copy-cat game can be fun at times , but the feeling of deja-vu transcends the experience . This game is completely unoriginal and , if you really want to try it , just wait for the price to drop before you get it .
 i played the game Men of valor to the end , and since i am a fan of the genre , i have played also vietcong , conflict vietnam , shell shock nam ' 67 , line of sight , and the newest vietcong 2 . Yet i must say that though it is not perfect Men of valor got me deep into the vietnam feeling whereas the others failed to do so . Why ? because of the historic accuracy and atmosphere . The very first level puts you right there on top of a M113 apc in a authentic environment . You get your first contact and then you are chasing vc for the very first time . Exiting start . With an M14 which makes a good sound but a little weak . Like a rifle on a fancy fair . The M16 and CAR15 sound good , the SKS also sounds too weak . I would like to change these sounds if i knew how . The pistols when fired have a heavy recoil , they move as a whole backwards i would rather like to see the slide moving . Furthermore , i got irritated by the clumsy teammates whom you can not shoot ; when you try a red cross appears on them . No friendly fire possible . I would have liked to see the characters of the white soldiers be more authentic too , especially the guy with the M60 looks like a bodybuilder from a comic strip . They also move in a strange way . I especially liked the different scenery and landscapes . And the destroyed city of Hue is magnificent with beautiful colors . This level `` recapturing the citadel '' with Captain van Bao represents the right vietnam-urban-fights-atmosphere unmatched by any of the vietnam shooters so far . Top-art . Vietcong 2 has tried to picture these historic themes of Hue and Saigon too but failed to create any real vietnam feeling , it just looks too artifical . Men of valor did succeed in this because they where careful to pay attention to the things that makes a war look authentic . The smoke , the dried grass , the junk , the demolished buildings , the bricks , the burning cars , it is a real city at war . In Men of valor , when you approach the Administration building behind your tank in the dust you can almost smell the diesel smoke , the dried grass , and the car wrecks . Every shot you fire is a real one , doing damage somewhere.The explosions are very realistic and make your vision `` tremble '' in a way i never saw in any other game . If i could get the right mods and tools for Men of valor i would appreciate it as the very best Vietnam shooter so far .
 i ca n't even play it because every time i try to install the game it either crashes my computer , which is brand new , or it gives me all kinds of error codes.no customer support or help is within reach.if you do n't believe me , log on to the official website and enter the forums to see how many unhappy people besides me there are !!!!!!!!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS GAME
 i really like the yelling in vietcong ... funny stuff gets boring not very hard to beat ... i stop playing after i beat 6 levels nothing interesting in this title .
 Considering the hype and sys spec req , I was expecting `` gameplay + graphic '' enjoyment ; wrong . Just another FPS . Nothing special and at times very frustrating .
 If this is a good game I 'll never know.I bought it , installed it , clicked ` New game ' and kicked me to the desktop.I tried a dozen times before giving up . To heck with this .
 I will say this game is more of an animated vietnam movie , its heavily scripted.at certain points yo lose control and the little scenes play out and you cant shoot or move , very iritating.For some reason some of the trees and bots will turn totaly white like a siloette.that could be a video card issue but I understand other people have had this problem.The voilence is good , I realy enjoyed the viet cong women.very intense battle situations but unfortunately this actualy gets old after awhile.I also noticed right off as a military buff and historian , a few mistakes.These guys are marines right ? well they are wearing Army issue flack vests instead of the marine ones and the snipers have M-21 's with the ART scope , well thats an Army weopon.Marines usualy used a Bolt action 30.06 REM or something similiar in those days.This is not acurate at all sorry.The playability is decent but not up to par with MEDAL OF HONOR ALLIED ASSAULT .
 I 've played vietnam games a lot like Viet Cong , NAM and this one is right up there with them . good graphics , storyline and weapons ... Love the part where planes come in and napalm an area . The load times are long and no gauge or level to see how much time before gameplay starts ... lot of swearing and bad language in the game - but it 's a lot of fun !
 Wow . Paid about $ 8 for this and even that small amount was n't worth it . Out of the 80 or so FPS games I 've played , Men of Valor is one of the worst . I have to go way back to IGI2 before I find a game this bad.First the good . The music is fine.Now the bad.Graphics
 I bought this game , only to find out that it would not work on our PC . If you do not have a T&L vidoe card , it will not run . BE SURE YOUR VIDEO CARD IS A T&L BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!
 This game was n't at all what I expected . It is first and foremost a futuristic race game , and I 'm more into semi-realistic WWII combat games . I found Tread Marks to be frustratingly difficult to win , and it caused my Win XP PC to blue-screen crash twice -LRB- the only game ever to do this -RRB- . It 's now collecting dust .
 The game is very outdated and slow to use.the g
 When Janes Longbow 2 released in the 90 's it was a Great game , running on a 486 w VGA . But pass if you have a new PC it will not play , In face none of Janes Games will play on a New PC , Great Game in it 's day but it 's day has come and gone , keep it in the closet .
 The game came quickly - kudos to Amazon and the seller . But after loading the game , it continually fails after starting . The game begins and runs through a lengthy intro . Any interruption of the intro results in being kicked out of the game . Allowing the intro to run to it 's conclusion ends with being kicked out of the game . Very frustrating . I have owned Windows version for years without this kind of problem . I would rate it as zero stars if I could since it is useless .
 Sony discontinued this game earlier this year , so buying these cards will not let you play Everquest . You will need to buy a 30 day SOE card to play , or subsscribe , or there is even a free version of the game you can play now , details are at soe.com .
 Out of sheer laziness , EA decided to omit several stadiums . My favorite team 's stadium is a generic bowl . Your 's might be , too.Doesn ' t EA know the charm to their previous games was that every team was given equal treatment ? Now they just pick a select few college teams ' stadiums . Major disappointment . That 's no regard for the fans of the series.I also am disappointed on control the player has over DBs . It is nearly impossible to defend the deep pass.After two days , I 'm selling my copy back .
 I bought an XBOX360 just for this game and I must say I am disappointed ... Nothing really that much more exciting than NCAA 2006 for XBOX ... sure the graphics are nice but the dynasty mode is lacking ... the create a player mode is lacking ... and everytime I have gone to play it THE GAME FREEZES ... none of my other games freeze ... im not really understanding but I am frustrated ... I think I am going to take the game back tomorrow
 O.K. , so I have played EA games ever since I could and I am 27 . So that is a long time . Anyway , to get to the game . It is the most unfun game I have played , first off , the only thing you can do is dynasty mode . Which is n't even really that great . The gameplay is horrible , due to your 5 star guys walking by players instead of tackling , and corners that do n't jump , and it is almost impossible to score on the goal line unless you pass it in . Yes , if you are a user , the running game is terrible , yet florida international plays michigan like they are the New England Patriots . Every team you play , actuall play you like the whole team is heisman winners.If you are an avid gamer like myself , then you set the level hard . If you play on All-American , you can kill any opponenet , you play on Heisman , teams like Baylor play more like Ohio State . The new momentum meter , actually does not mean anything , especially if you are home . That is actually just one of the many useless parts of the game , also do n't get excited about stars players , cause your dynasty team that you love so much all play like they are in the 70 's rating . Star or no Star . So please , do not buy this game , and pray that madden is good and go for that . Maybe next year EA , but this year , I died a little .
 The game has absolutly no crowd graphics . The gameplay is again cut short of the ps2 and xbox like madden . Madden 06 had better grahics . The game has almost no new features except the momentum , which replaces the crowd noise . You totally feel like you 're watching the game with no sound on TV , rather than being at the campus with screaming fans . Unless you love NCAA , do n't buy this game .
 Honestly this is my first football game on the Xbox systems , I used to buy PC games , so I did n't really know what to expect . This game is not very good , and I really was looking forward to Madden 07 , but now I will have to think about wether I should get it . I feel that EA sports , just threw it together and did not think about the players enjoyment . I was almost ready to take it back , the same day I got it , but I have stuck it out and will keep it . But it is not worth $ 60 , if it was priced around $ 30 like the tennis game for Xbox 360 , I probably would n't have written this review , since I would feel I was getting what I paid for . But for what I paid , this should be a much better game . Maybe they will come out with updates to download that will improve the player experience .
 I have to say , as a customer , and many of us at that , I suggest a class action lawsuit against MS and EA Games.This latest release is a disgrace-I traded up my p2 and Xbox for a 360 . For what I may ask?To date , only a handfull of games have been released . Sure some have better graphics , but not so much as to warrent the cost of the games themselves.In NCAA on the 360 , most of what we have gained to enjoy over the past several years have been removed . This is sad . As a consumer , and avid gamer , I look for enhancements and more to a game , not a stripped down version at an exagerated price.And what happened to Backwards compatibility ? This is an Fn Joke.Do not buy this game , or any EA game for that matter . BOYCOT is the only way to create a change.Madden 06 on the 360 was very disappointing -LRB- stripped down version -RRB- Tiger Woods Golf very disappointing.NCAA 07 extremely disappointing.Head Coach not even released on the 360So I ask , pay more to get less ?
 I was greatly disappointed when I bought NCAA 2007 . I been waiting for months to buy this game , hoping it would be better than Maddden 2006 which was rushed out for 360 release so I gave EA benefit of the doubt . Ever year they make NCAA better and better but the 360 version is greatly lacking all the options that PS2 and the XBOX version have . Dynasty mode has no magazine covers none of the spring drills , just 3 repetitive mini-games . If they dont make a drastic improvement with Madden 2007 , I 'm trading in my 360 for a PS3 this fall .
 This game is bad . And this is EXACTLY what madden will be like , with different rosters . First of all , EA puts out the same game every year , and adds new rosters . Is that worth 60 $ ? no . I have played this game and let me tell you why it is bad . This franchise has been here forever and still EA can not make the AI any good ? It shows that EA does not take time in their games , and uses a big franchise name to their advantage . Passing is so incridibly easy , i found myself throwing hail marys every play and catching them 95 % of the time . I had times where my man with the ball gliched into my own player , and ran into nothing for a period of 3 seconds . Also , i had a time where my line man , being chased by the other team , runs into the ref in the middle of the field , and i slow down becuase he decided it was better to sit their in the middle of the field rather then move , so i got tackled . The players run so unrealistically , that they look like gorillas , and guess what they all run exactly the same ! In addition to that , this game looks EXACTLY the same as madden 2006 for xbox 360 . It does not look good at all . Its the xbox version in HD . There are 3 charactor models in the crowd , and all of the coaches and players in the side lines , MOVE EXACTLY the same . I guess in real football there are only 3 characters in the stadium , and everyone in the sideline managers to move the exact same ? Thats a EA cheaply created game there . The game is so cheaply made . actually sorry , this is the 2000 version of the game , and has been for the past 7 years . they just added new rosters . ESPN by 2k5 blew EA out of the water with their actual GOOD football game , and they bought the football license out becuase they were scared sh $ % less . EA seriously , if you have the football license all to ur own , why do u realease the same game at 6 years ago ? why dont u actually make it better ?
 NCAA football 06 was okay ... , but I expect a lot more from this game . The 360 has so much power , why did they not use it ? I do believe even if you get this game at a flee market you are losing your money.The gameplay sucks ! Teams bite on play action WAY to much . Hard to find a play , hard to invite a friend to play , why ca n't I send a play invite from the 360 dashboard ? , okay graphics , try and make a comeback when the computer has already determained the outcome . I played it the other day and on the kick off my IMPACT HB fumbled the ball ran back for TD . Next kick off the HB fumbled it again ! Ran back for touchdown ! Next play that I had I passed to the TE on a angle pass interception ran back for TD . The game will collect dust now.I am waiting for Halo 3 to spend more money on games
 EA must have released this game w/o fully testing in various xbox 360s -LRB- meaning different Microsoft patched consoles -RRB- . This review is only for the XBOX 360 version .90 % of owners are finding it very difficult to either play a complete game or two games in a row . Why?There is software defect -LRB- bug -RRB- in the game . Without notice , the screen freezes and you 'll see a `` dirty disc error -LRB- DDE -RRB- . please clean the disc ... blah , blah , blah '' . If the defect / bug is on w/in the game then it 's an issue with the media that used.Regardless , no word from EA or Microsoft . Do a web search on this topic and you 'll find countless forum posts.Regarding the game play and graphics , I like it better than Madden 07 . When the game is playable , I give it 5 STARS .
 I realize that with only a little more than a month before the 2008 version comes out , this review is coming a little late , but I just had to throw in my two cents -LRB- which is what this game should have cost -RRB- . When this game came out last July I was so excited to get it , that I went to Target at 9:00 in the morning the day it came out , something I 've never done for any game . Disappointing , is a major understatement for this game . Yes the graphics are great , but it takes more than great graphics to make a great game . Realism is something that was completely ignored in this game . The designers clearly showed that they had either forgotten how football was played , or had never even seen a game.Here is a list of some of the aspects of gameplay , or lack thereof :1 . The thing that annoyed and angered me most about the play of this game is the artificial intelligence , if it can be called intelligent . The players in the game make ridiculously impossible plays on a regular basis . I ca n't even count how many times I have seen a cornerback cover 15 yards in three steps from a dead stop to either knock a ball away or intercept it . Or seeing a defensive lineman jump four feet in the air to knock a ball down . Or seeing a running back get hit by four people simultaneously and somehow stay on his feet and run for a touchdown . Or numerous other oversights I wo n't mention .2 . Penalties . Anyone who has ever seen a football game knows that it is nearly impossible to get through a game without at least three or four penalties , more often than not penalties can get into double digits . In this game I have gone entire SEASONS without double digit penalties . And the penalties that are called are completely stupid . Pass interference is the penalty that I have the biggest problem with . Pass interference is called so inconsistently it 's laughable . I have been called for pass interference for knocking a ball out of a player 's hands after he caught it , but not had it called when I have been surrounded all sides and had everything done to me short of being knocked down as the ball goes by . It eventually got so bad , that I just turned pass interference off . But numerous other penalties are never even called . I have played 10 seasons in the game and never once was there a facemask penalty , illegal formation , illegal substitution , and I can count on one hand the number of times a holding penalty has been called .3 . Weather is something that is another problem , specifically wind . Wind has no effect whatsoever on the ball . On kickoffs the ball goes just as far when it is kicked against or with a 30 mph wind as it does in calm conditions . Though compared to reasons 1 & 2 this is really only a slight annoyance .4 . One thing that I do like about the game is that it is finally possible to block kicks and punts , as well as return kickoffs and punts for touchdowns . Anyone who played previous games knows that it was nearly impossible to do any of these.To sum up , this is an unbelievably weak game . I 've learned a lesson about buying games right as they come out , before knowing how good or bad it is . Hopefully the designers of the newest version have read the reviews about this game and made up for their mistakes , or maybe they 've been fired and replaced by people who actually know football . All we can do is wait and see , and pray .
 When I rented this game unfortunately I only knew number 10 -LRB- Troy Smith -RRB- . I thought because I had n't kept up with my collage players it was hurting my game experiance , but I was wrong . There is absolutely nothing to do in this game . Even though I did not enjoy renting this game I still thought that the graphics were great and the players looked really life like .
 I have been a huge fan of the EA sports ' NCAA football series for as long as they 've been around . I have purchased ATLEAST 1 copy of every year 's release since 2002 , most of those were preorders so I could play the day it came out . I own this game for Playstation 2 and enjoy it as much as any of the other releases , the Xbox 360 version is another story . This game has so many glitches it is basically a game of luck instead of skill . For example
 The false advertising for this game would lead you to believe the 360 version has : * Excel in the classroom to improve your overall character -- balance your time wisely between studies , practice , and social events as you live the life of a Student Athlete * Hone your skills with 11 new and challenging Spring Drills -- minigames like Rush the Quarterback , Passing Distance , and more!In reality , the 360 version possesses neither of those , and not much of anything . You have four modes
 Every year for the past 3 or 4 years me and my brother have played an NCAA dynasty where we play on the same team , set the level to heisman , pick a horrible team -LRB- to make it a challenge -RRB- , and run nothing but option no matter what the scenario is -LRB- 4th and 30 ... still run the option -RRB- . Then we save and export our draft classes to Madden until our roster is full of NCAA players we recruited and we ultimately win championships in both games with the same players . Well , this years NCAA does not allow people to play on the same team , so ultimately this tradition is ruined !!!!! Not only did NCAA ruin the college game , but this is going to ruin Madden as well . Thanks for nothing EA sports .
 I can not regret more purchasing this hack of a game . Take away the monotnous before the snap good graphics sequence and you wonder why the graphics are n't better . But the MAIN problem is that the game is not even ncaa anymore . the controls are the worst setup I have ever seen , and in many def modes most buttons are n't used . They took away l/r juke and made it one . They changed sprint to the r trigger , moved every single button to the absolute worst place possible . The play selection is absolutely the worst , most confusing train wreck I have ever seen . Starting out you wo n't be able to find a play in 3 minutes let alone 25 seconds . Forget bursting through on defense anymore . Actually , aside from gears of war , which was short , I truly regret getting the 360 . I miss the old xbox . This game is a complete hack , put together in a few weeks to sucker people out of their money , and I doubt the people that `` worked '' on it have ever played football . It is THE single worst football game I have ever played and I am getting rid of it .
 This terrible game PROVES that EA does * not * deserve to have the NCAA exclusive license for making football games . Even NCAA 04 for Gamecube has much smoother animation than this junk for the 360 . Aside from having more resolution and more detailed stadiums , I 'd say the graphics and gameplay in NCAA 07 for XBOX 360 are actually * worse * than NCAA 04 for Gamecube . It 's THAT bad.The graphics are choppy and slow . The framerate OFTEN drops below an acceptable level . This is the much-vaunted , super-powerful XBOX 360 -- there is NO excuse EA ! NONE ! It should be 60 FPS the * whole time * , like Call of Duty is . But instead it 's like 20 FPS on a good day.The camera movement feels heavy and jerky , overly ponderous of the glisteningly clean stadiums . The players -- especially in online mode -- feel like they 're wading through molasses , not playing football . Well maybe they 're playing football in Aunt Jemima 's nightmare . But it 's awful ! I can almost see syrup dripping from the ball!Further , they took out the `` Create-a-School '' feature , which was my favorite feature in NCAA 04-06 . My real-life alma mater is a small school which does n't even have a football team , and it was a blast in the previous versions to be able to make a team of all 7 ' 1 '' , 315-lb . monsters . OK , that sounds dumb , but it was FUN . Why remove this feature ? It 's a $ 60 game ! It costs * more * than the last version , yet has * less * features , and runs slower ! Hmm , lets see ... slower , missing features , less fun , more expensive . You do the math!Worse , they added the lamest feature ever
 As a few other people have posted , I was EXTREMLEY disappointed in this game . The graphics are good , but when you shell out the money for a next gen game , you would at least expect all of the features that the previous generation had!Most glaring cons : o No atmosphere at all ! NCAA Football on x-box -LRB- last year -RRB- was far better.o You can not `` pump up the crowd '' to utilize your home field advantage.o They have added a `` momentum meter '' , but it is not nearly as good as the crowd meter.o If you are expecting to create a player , forget it . You can create a new player , but all you get to do it pick a position , put in abilities and pick an image from `` pre-made '' faces that look very `` cartoon-ish '' . You ca n't customize your gear or anything else.o The game play is about the same , but the movement seems a bit stale . You ca n't cut back and sometimes you run into `` phantom tackles '' . EA really dropped the ball on this one . Their first round of sports games for x-box 360 was poor -LRB- and that is being kind -RRB- , so expected much more from this round.I am almost afraid to buy Madden 07 ! Save your money and wait till it 's on sale !
 I was VERY dissapointed by this game . The features are stripped to a minimum and I think the added mini-game features are amusing at best.What really upset me is that there several stadiums that are just stock rendered . I know that for some its not important that all the locations be super authentic but when there are probably 5 percent of the stadiums that look the same its kinda annoying . Especially if you are playing in some less noteable places in the U.S. like the northern Pac-10 . University of Idaho , Washington State University and the University of Washington have very slight changes in their stadiums . Oh and the building planners for most major cities will be happy that as of 2007 skylines should all look the same.It just is n't as engrossing as next-gen games should be . Do n't get your hopes up too high that this will put you in the `` heat '' of the game like past incarnations of NCAA have.Before I get to the technical stuff , do n't be fooled by the product description above . There is NO student athelete mode for the Xbox 360 . Yes its true you special people like myself get to pay more for less features . Student athelete mode is only for the original Xbox and the PS2 . I think this is probably because Microsoft has perfected the art of giving you a partial game and charging you online for the features you want and convincing its fellow game-makers into the same practice . I can only hope that this content is eventually available , especially since places like Amazon and Best Buy are advertising it as a feature on even the Xbox 360 version . -LRB- See above product description . -RRB- Also , I have encountered a reaccuring bug where one of my linebackers gets a brush off block and he remains standing there frozen as if he still is being blocked , he is even still holding the position as if there is a guy there holding him up ? This gets very frustrating when the running back gets a first down right in front of him . Now the other thing that I am wondering about was the talk about having the academic part of college football more important in this version ? I know you die-hard fans are going `` Did he buy this game to play football ? '' but I am always excited for EA to release their NCAA games because they have always put you inside college athletics and until this game I was a die-hard fan.There are also some more technical errors with this game I have noticed . When I kicked off to the opposing team to start a game and the return team fumbled and I ran it back in , in our next series the announcers were n't talking like there where any points scored , i.e. `` Lets see if they can finaly put some points on the board . '' Also sometimes after a quarter the `` t.v. '' camera pans so far back it goes into a wall and everything dissapears . Oh , and my favorite glitch was when my running back ran into the endzone and one of my linemen went to hit him after the score to celebrate and he went right through him . The funny part was it seemed like the RB had a confused look on his face , like even he did n't know how that happened.This game has really dissapointed me and I 'm not sure it 's worth the $ 60.00 I had heard reviews of this game similar to mine and I still went to get it because it 's just something you have to do once a year , but EA Sports is going to loose a lot of its edge with this current showing !!!
 The ad mentions several features that I have yet to find in the game . `` Balance your time wisely between studies , practices , and social events ... '' I 've played through 11/2 dynasty seasons and have n't found this . `` Hone your skills with 11 new challenging spring drills ... '' I have only found three mini games
 As most of you have pointed out , this game seriously dissapoints . I 'm not sure if the game is different in other platforms , but my PS2 version from last year was head and shoulders above this 360 game . As usual , I buy this game the very 1st day it comes out , it has never dissapointed like this . They have pulled out so many great features from last year 's version and added nothing ... seriously they have added nothing ... `` momemtum '' is a joke . What about the `` toughest places to play '' ? Gone . What about the composure and player ability ratings ? Gone . Rowdy fans with signs ? Gone . Actual stadiums for all teams ? Gone . Crazy player celebrations ? Gone -LRB- or at least I ca n't figure out how ... it 's not like that would be needed in the instructions , or anything else for that matter -RRB- . So after losing all of that , you would expect the graphics would more than compensate ... wrong ! I could not tell the difference . Check out NBA 2k6 , there 's a 360 game that blows you away with graphics . This is a waste of money ... I will never buy this game again without renting it first . You blew a dynasty with this one EA !!!
 I always look forward to NCAA football being released every year but this is without a doubt the most disappointing version of this game I 've ever played . Every year my brother and I play a dynasty with an option based team and take it to the top . I use the QB and he uses the RB 's and it has always been a lot of fun . For some reason , this version decided to take away the feature of using 2 players on the same team !! Why would they take that away ? Also , they took away all of the Division I-AA teams . If this system is supposed to be so great why are they taking features away from the game ? In addition to these problems , the Heisman level seems easier to play than ever so it 'll take no time for me to dominate the computer . For these reasons and many more I would suggest not purchasing NCAA2007 for any system and pick up a copy of NCAA2006 .
 This is the only game I have for the Xbox 360 that crashes at all , and this dud crashes all the time . In fact , I even have another EA sports title that has never crashed . I 've tried several recommended tricks for fixing the * numerous * game-ending bugs in this game , but none have worked . If you have any doubts , check some of the online forums , such as EA 's support forum , and see for yourself . This game has no game .
 This game is a huge disappointment , and for $ 60 that is just not acceptable . Game is too fast and the buttons are not laid out well at all . Sure you can change them around but why not fix them right in the first place . Graphics are good , but not great by any means . Save your money .
 While this game is filled with many flaws one that bothered me the most was the lack of replays . I admit I bought this game on a whim and have since been very disapointed . While I knew that this version of the NCAA series would be missing some of the more interesting parts of last years version I figured at worst I could enjoy this game playing with friends or online . However this game set a new low . Firstly there are little to no replays . It would seem a game banking largely on its great graphics would want to show them off , however this is hardly the case . Pretty much the only time the game actually takes the time to step aside for a replay are during momentum changing moments and even these replays are few and far between . Besides this the game is filled with bugs . Within the first minutes of playing the game the announcers were already messing up . Messing up calls , saying the exact opposite of what just happened , etc. . Even if your looking for a good online or party game I would pass on this game .
 I am posting this for NCAA 07 just like I did for Madden.RENT IT FIRST . If it crashes , do n't buy it . Do n't get Live just to play football , in general , because you 're stuck with crappy EA crashing games , especially for NFL.Thanks for monopolizing football for our 360 EA .
 After enjoying '07 on the PS2 , I purchased a 360 to have its iteration on a next gen console . I have been sorely disappointed . The greatest graphics leap forward appears to have come in the menu screens , as the gameplay has very pretty stadiums , but fugly player models and animations ... looks as though a bunch of malformed thirty-somethings have filled the ranks of the NCAA . The gameplay is jerked and choppy , especially in rain or snow , as the camera has trouble keeping up with all the action smoothly . On top of that , the game is too easy . I thought I 'd have trouble learning the new controller layout , but despite the learning curve , I 've been killing teams far better than mine on the most difficult setting.The dynasty mode is stripped down from the previous gen , and EA seems to be moving in the wrong direction here in all their games . Seeing as how they use only a portion of the disc for the game , it would make sense that they add off field content rather than remove it , even if it means these dreadful RPG-attempts like career mode/campus legend.If you 've not tried this game on the last gen consoles , NCAA 07 may be good enough for you . If you have , I suspect you will be let down as I was .
 After having played the 2006 version , I 'm REALLY disappointed and want a refund , but oh well . The game is really bare bones , and somewhat buggy . I came on here to write this review because some of the game is annoyingly buggy . A linebacker went past my quarterback , not even close to tackling him , but the quarterback fell down and lost yardage . Also , running plays that go up the middle is completely a game of chance because the middle turns into a blob and you just have to hope that the back jumps or something . Then , there is the momentum meter that makes fumbles and interceptions magically happen , all too often . I hope Madden 07 is better than this .
 I am not going to rehash what everyone else is saying other than this is a bad game . Another EA blunder of late . Thankfully I rented it with a few friends so we all saved our money . A new next generation platform costing more money for the game and it is nothing better than what you could have gotten several years ago . We saw it in Madden , we saw it in Tiger Woods golf and I fear we are going to continue to see it until their exclusive licenses expire and do not get renewed .
 Wow . I 've been an extremely loyal fan of the NCAA series -- for years . This year 's version is an insult . You invest a large amount of money in a new , fancy machine -- that 's hyped as the cutting edge -- and are greeted by games that play like the sega genesis -LRB- perhaps hyperbole but bad -RRB- . Simply stated , the game is not finished . It plays like it has not been tested . There is a graphics improvement on a select few of the stadiums . That 's about it . The on the field graphics are by no means heart stopping -- pretty similar to xbox actually . The physics are slightly better but , again , not amazing . Simple things irked me . For instance
 i just played EA 's NCAA 07 game and it was awful , they left out a whole bunch of features that they had in last years version like my favorite race for the heisman and the ones the did add were horrible like the momentum bar , the older and less expensive xbox 07 game is better the the new 360 version , also there used to be fans that would be going crazy holding up signs after big play and stuff but there arnt any that i saw and im just saying dont buy this game , BIG waste of money go play the old 06 game
 Short and Simple
 Bought a 360 jsut for this game . Been playing the NCAA games since it was Bill Walsh football on the Genesis . Well , I wanted to paly the best version and thbought newest platform would naturally have that , so I bought a 360 just for this game . What a waste of money . Not only does the game lack about half of the features of the PS2 version , it is 10 $ more ! What a ripoff . Other than the nice graphics game is not worth it !
 Where is the campus challenge ? You pay more $ $ $ for the 360 version but you have less features ??? This game absolutley sucks ! I enjoyed ncaa 2006 more than this . Where is the tradition for the schools , the custom fans , the extended create a player features ? EA sports blew this one wide open in the crapper !
 I want to hit the high point of the game first - the one and only high point ; the graphics are compelling . I do n't say much more than that because the players themselves are n't proportioned right , not to mention the motion capturing sucks.EA did the same thing with NCAA as they did with Tiger - they left out a lot of stuff . In Tiger there was only 6 courses , with everything already unlocked . The game is still fun because it 's golf . However , with football , I need more than something that looks good . I played the version on PS2 and the graphics are terrible , but the gameplay is fun and is much like the games used to be.The controls are sloppy , there is only one camera view , there is n't any depth to the game . My advice is that if you have a your original Xbox still , get it for that . One more bit of advice , if you are looking for a company that actually spends time making sports games for 360 , check out 2K Sports -LRB- omitting the fact that MLB 2K6 is a joke -RRB- .
 Have to agree with a previous poster , the 2004 version of this game is bar none the best . After buying a 360 , this is the first game I purchased . I expected a game that would blow away what I have seen on the regular xbox . What I got was a game with slightly improved graphics -LRB- not nearly as much as I would have expected -RRB- and greatly stripped down extras when compared to previous editions.My favorite items from previous editions that are missing :1 . The ability to create your own team2 . A super wide selection of teams -LRB- ie Montana , Harvard etc. -RRB- Only the division 1A team are available in this version .3 . Sports Illustrated and ESPN cover shots .4 . The menu itself seems a lot less intuitive . I had to search around more for options that seems to be hidden on this version.The big difference is the momentum indicator which does n't perform like you think it would . The other day I was playing and the team scored on me to open the game . I then preceded to score 3 unanswered touchdowns the last of which was an interception return and the computer team still had the momentum indicator on their side?Overall , I 'm stunned that they would allow such a stripped down version of the game to ship . Another thing that ticks me off is that the old xbox versions of the game are n't compatable with the 360 so I have to use my old xbox if I want to play a superior version of the game .
 I fell in Love with NCAA Football 2006 . So much so that I bought an XBOX360 just to play the new game . Unfortunately , I was greatly disappointed . Though the graphics detail is higher and the inside running game more life-like , the overall game play is slightly worse then 2006 . The major grip I have is that the interface is much worse then 2006 . The old version had easier to control team management and inbetween game options -LRB- such as recruiting and team roster overview -RRB- . The newer version lumps everyone together on one screen -LRB- full roster not by position -RRB- , makes individual player substitions much more difficult -LRB- in game -RRB- and runs the play clock while it runs useless video wasting time that can be used to assess the other teams defense/offense . Also , a limit that both versions have is a lack of ability to look left/right while passing , which leaves blind-spots on the field such as when you want to drop-off to your running back on passing plays.I really hope that EA sports learns from their mistakes and focuses more on game-play and less on flashy graphics that add nothing to game-play .
 All of the reviews are correct . I just purchased my XBox 360 along with my first title , NCAA Football 2007 . My fingers trembled with excitment as I set up my new XBox 360 and ripped open the package for NCAA 2007 . I began wondering who would offer me scholarships , or would I just show up as a walk on . How would I do in the spring game ? Would it be enough to make a start as a Freshman ? How would the new `` school '' section be ? Would I party too much or focus on nothing but football ? The answer to all these questions ... DOES NOT EXIST . The only game modes that are playable is Dynasty and Exhibition . It was pretty upsetting . I got over that quick enough and then started my first dynasty game . I could not wait to see the Texas Longhorns come storming onto the field , but what ? NO ENTRANCES ?!? Ok that is fine , I ca n't wait to see Lee Corso and the gang in the pregame show , what NO PREGAME SHOW ? I am absolutely dissappointed with this title . There are more features in my XBox NCAA Football 2006 . I really do n't understand how EA got away with this one . How can you reduce the amount of extras that are within a game when you make the next years release ? It does not matter that the platforms changed . Also , I am not impressed with their idea of `` nextgen '' . I got tired of seeing the same up close cuts after the first quarter . The replay system needs work as well . Overall , the game was put together poorly . Like the other gamers have stated , it is much like Madden NFL 06 for the XBox 360 . Please take this review to heart and wait for next years release . Madden 07 should be a much better game to purchase . If you are like me and like to draft your player to the next level , just forget about it . There is no heisman mode on this version so it is back to creating your player with 99 across the board instead of watching him grow and then watching the draft in Madden . You may as well create a player in their as well . BIG DISSAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!
 To start out the game is basic with minor changes . When I first put the game , I was wondering if there were going to be any cheerleaders in the opening sagment telling me that EA Sports `` was in the game '' . But there was nothing at all oh well . Looking at the opening options there was nothing to get excited about . They added some small games that do n't deal with real football there just little games like if you were to find on Mario Party or something . I played a regular game first just to see how it played but there was nothing too great about that either . I have a HDTV and the graphics look terrible unless you pause the game look at review and zoom forward or back and go wow look at those graphics , woopey doo.When I saw the review on this game at gametrailers they said they focused on Dynasty mode . So to start out its now a option to draft players before the season starts , good on them . The only creativity that you can give is creating a player thats it . But you can only change what there face looks like not there uniform , tats , etc.To sum it up , here are the pros and cons . ----- Pros-Easy gameplay , especially defense . you can change formations or jump on the hike just with a click of button which is shown at the top of the screen.-The passing game seems easier-Extra little games , like bowling if thats your thing-Drafting players before the beginning of the first season-Im sorry ca n't think of too many pros ----- Cons-Poor looking graphics and yes I do have a HDTV-Can only create a little bit with the players-The mommentum bar will piss you off . Once that bar goes the other way against you . Your players will become mentally challenge dropping balls and missing tackles . When it goes your way then the game becomes too easy because your oponent will do the same thing.-Don ' t fix something that is n't broken the new kicking meter is too easy , especially if you have played Tiger woods games.-No Sport illustrated covers or radio or anything on that nature.-The fans whats the deal , they will support you all the way even if you are losing by a few touchdowns . There is no interaction from the mascots or fans . There is just repeitive reactions from the players . I kind of liked the reactions especially when it came down to the 4th quarter it just added to environment.The game feels as though you will play one maybe two seasons just so you can get the gamerscore points and then you will trade it in . The game is not at all like the earlier ones I will probably be done with it in a couple weeks .
 i love college football and i was telling all my friend that did n't get it last year to get it because it was a fun game . this years version of college for the 360 is straight `` GARBAGE '' a waste of time and money i waited up till midnight to get my copy of college football and i 'm very disappionted . if the 360 is supposed to be the best gaming system out why did they take alot of thing out of the game for the 360 . i loved race for the heisman last year , it 's gone , the player celebrations after any play , it 's gone , the players walking down the tunnel , gone , should i go on . maybe i need a job at e.a. testing games cause i would n't of never sent this game out to stores with all that stuff missing from the 360 version .
 Okay , first off , if you were a fan of the pre and post game presentation that the past NCAA titles had given you . . Do NOT buy this game for the 360 . . There is no college atmosphere vibe going on in this game whatsoever . . Theres no pre game cutscene where it shows the team roaring out of the tunnel while their fightsong is being played by the band . . No cutscene of the captains walking to the 50 yard line for the cointoss , nothing . . Also , if you 're a fan of the crowd meter that played a big part in rivalry games you 'll be sorely dissapointed . . They scrapped that out for the 360 version as well . . During the actual game you will also notice a lack of college atmosphere for the 360 version . . Very rarely will you see any cutscenes that display team celebration after a big play unlike the past NCAA on CURRENT gen. systems where there was an abundance of them . . There are no cut scenes of fans unlike in the last ones , and overall it makes for a very bland , and boring college experience . . As far as the gameplay goes it 's about the same . . The running game is a little different to me . . you do n't have the cutback abilities as you did in the last one , but it 's something you can work with . . What pisses me off is that I pay 10 $ dollars more for a next generation title , and I get less . . The version for the xbox , and PS2 has the crowd meter . . It gives more of a college atmosphere before , during , and after the game . . More options on the Dynasty Mode . . I do n't know why these things are getting left off of the next generation version since it 's more expensive , and should be better , but they are . . All in all , if you 're gon na buy this game DO NOT buy it for the 360 . . You will only be paying more for less . . The current gen versions offer a lot more presentation , and attitude for a cheaper price . . I will NOT be buying another EA Sports game for the 360 this year . . They have proven with Madden 06 , and with this title that they are not fully ready for next generation gaming . . They seem to think that they can leave all these key , detrimental things out of the 360 version , and no one will take it as a slight . . This game is three years behind in my opinion . . That is the 360 version . . Buy it for the xbox . . Whole lot better game . .
 Unless you are a huge fan of the series , and are buying this just to complete your collection , ok but otherwuise STAY AWAY.There are almost no redeeming qualities about this `` game '' . There are almost no extras . If you 've played the game or seen the movie , you 've seen all of this before . The comic books are mediocre story wise at best . The only neat thing about this are the two `` hidden '' movies . But these are easy to find on youtube and other sites.The menus are annoying , the interface is tedious , the music is good , but much more convenient on a CD , the trailers are nothing special ... the interview with the guy who made the movie is nice , since it shows his passion for the series , but there 's almost no addditional information about the series to be found here . Its like a disc of bonus features ... but they forgot to put the features on .
 Comics are ok but the narration passes by too quickly . The rest is blah . I was under the impression that this would show the origin of pyramid head and more of how Silent Hill became what it is .
 I 've been a Silent Hill fan from the begining , so being the owner of a bright and new , shiny PSP , this purchase seemed like a no brainer after I did a little research on the item . It features the entire comic collection -LRB- similar to the Metal Gear Solid Graphic Novel on UMD -RRB- , some select songs from the games ' sound tracks , and some behind the scens stuff for the SH movie ... but in the end , it just felt more like a seperate `` special features '' disk for the movie , rather than a special treatment for the Silent Hill series . The comics were , in my opinion , disapointing , having thin , nearly laughable , plots , poor characters , and very little to do with the Silent Hill mythos or the games . The behind the scenes features for the movie were interesting at best , but felt limited , and I would n't be surprised to see it all included with the DVD release of the lack-luster film any ways . The songs are the only redeeming feature for this title , but instead of including the collection of stunning soundtracks in their entirety , we are treated to only about four or five songs from each of the game titles . In short , this really is just a collection of the worst parts of Silent Hill , in my honest and unflinching opinion . Were I a new comer to the series and started with this , I would be hard pressed to pick up an actual game . I am praying that the actual portable `` Silent Hill Experience '' will be the release of the up coming Silent Hill Origins , but as for this title , for the hard core completists only .
 The product came in a timely fashion , but like many folks I put it aside until I had time to perform the repair . Fast forward 30 days after the allowable return period . I unpacked the product and it visibly had defective pins -LRB- pins at funny angles inside of the plastic holder -RRB- . I installed it anyhow , following all well documented cleaning procedures and I fully disassembled and cleaned all of my games . My Nintendo now works , but it 's very hit and miss . Mine acts like a NES that is 10 years old . Blowing on games , jiggling them around in the connector , etc. . If I tap the game inside the NES while playing , or slightly bump the NES , the game will go haywire 9/10 times.I contacted the seller about this issue over a week ago and received no response . I purchased this item on Amazon from this seller due to the number of positive reviews . I assumed this seller sold a quality product and would stand behind it . I recommend this repair to anyone , as it is very simple to do , but I recommend you buy your repair connector elsewhere . It is of no higher quality than connectors sold elsewhere .
 After seeing so many good reviews on how this would work , I decided to give it a shot too . Unfortunately it did absolutely nothing for my NES . The blinky light is still there , and I still ca n't play most of my games . I guess I will have to look into getting another 8-bit system instead of trying to fix the old NES ...
 This product did not solve the blinking light problem with my Nintendo . Perhaps I am unlucky because other reviewers had success , but I would caution other potential purchasers to not get their hopes up .
 This after market 72 pin connector works , but hardly gets the job done . The games have to be pushed as hard as i can to make sure they are fully connected with the connector . & I have an even harder time getting the games out . Next time I 'm going to spend the few extra dollars to ensure a quality connector .
 product was in WORSE condition than the 72 pin connector i already had installed ! and blanked just as bad . what a JOKE .
 It did n't fix the problem . I 'm just glad that it did n't cost very much . It is one of those products that is purchase at your own risk .
 Cartridges fit into this socket very loosely and after an hour 's worth of fiddling I still had not been able to load a game in a playable state , so I replaced it with the original which I can at least get to work.it 's not worth my time to try and get a refund . im just going to buy another one from a more reputable dealer outside of amazon . annoyed .
 The connecter I had was really bad , so this helped a little , But it did n't make it so that it was worth spending the time it takes to get a game to work , in order to play it . So I guess I would say it was n't worth buying it either .
 I did everything right , but still did n't work . It might work for you , but it did n't work for me . Maybe I 'm cursed by playing Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde .
 I decided to buy one of these the other day do to the abundance of positive reviews . I hooked it up today , and it is n't any better than before . In fact , I think my old 20 + year old pin connector works a little bit better than the brand new one . I do n't know why I 'm the only one that is having problems with it . I had my hopes up ! Any suggestions ? I thoroughly cleaned all of my games . I keep them in really good condition .
 I purchased this product , hoping that my beloved NES would be fixed . However , when I unscrewed the whole NES and finally managed to get the pin connecter in . When we turned on the NES the red light still blinked , and the game did n't work . I had varying results with different games , but in short they all did n't work . Also the company I purchased this from shipped it , but it ended up getting lost . I would definitely not recommend this product .
 I purchased this 72 Pin Connector to replace my old one and I have to say this is the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon -LRB- AND I BUY A LOT OF STUFF -RRB- ! This made my NES run significantly worse than it did before ! NOBODY PURCHASE THIS 72 PIN CONNECTOR ! I bought one for my friend and one for me and it is the biggest waste of money in the world !!!!!!!!!!
 bought it to replace in my nitendo and it didnt work , screens still come up all fuzzy or flickers , wouldnt buy it again
 Not sure why , but it did not work as expected . Replaced an old connector with this one and it still did not work .
 I 've bought quite a few of these over the years , and it 's probably impossible to tell which manufacturer each one was from . All I can tell you is that the one I bought associated with this listing wore out in less than a year , which is not acceptable . Not much choice than to just buy another one and hope it 's a little better quality since this is a part they stopped producing decades ago .
 Just did n't work ... followed the directions and it just did n't work ... oddly enough , I cleaned games with alcohol as the directions suggested ... then put the old pin back in after the frustration and the games then worked with the old pin ... apparently it was dirty games and not a bad pin ... but the one i ordered did n't work !
 Item installed quickly and easily . This was the easiest console fix by far . After installing , I tried 5 -LRB- cleaned games -RRB- . After that the console would n't read any games , including the games I had already tested as working . Not much else to say . I used the product for a total of 5 minutes before it stopped working . Not very happy .
 This is simply a replacement from an old system . Quality replacement connectors are much much tighter . This brought my NES from playing 1/20 of my games , to playing 3/20 of my games . I bought one from a quality seller and it now plays all of them.When I contacted the seller about the issue I was ignored . Do yourself a favor and find one from someone else , just not him .
 I 've replaced 72 pin connectors before , these two worked the worst . still an occasional blink immediately after installing , and within a week , they are as bad as ever before replacing . Do yourself a favor and buy one that is higher quality .
 At first all great , but with the weather turn bad.This replacement is of poor quality , the pins are bent over time , being deformed , which makes some game does not work properly , the original is a better material , only with a clean enough.If you understand that the original is in worse conditions and cleaning is not enough , I recommend you not change it and use some cleaning liquid cash.You experience the replacement and truth is a bitter pill .
 And I mean that . Suikoden IV is a reasonably fun game , but compared to other RPGs - especially those in this most admirable of series - it 's just not up to par . Think of it as your time killer while you wait for something better , like Xenosaga Episode III or Final Fantasy XII.There are several things to like about this game . Collecting the 108 Stars of Destiny - for those uninitiated , they 're the 107 quasi-important people you can recruit to fight with you and to perform various helpful tasks - is plenty of fun , especially if you 're the obsessive-compulsive type of RPG gamer . Even more fun is the fact that you go about this task on a ship . Yes , a ship . In past Suikoden games you built a castle in which to house your hundred or so new friends , but here you take to the seas in a pleasantly mobile stronghold . People complain about the sailing system , but once you figure it out -LRB- which I 'll admit did take me awhile -RRB- it 's easy , `` quick '' , and pretty un-glitchy . My most favorite aspect of the game , surprisingly enough , involves one facet of the otherwise uninspiring plot - pirates . You meet them , you ally with them , and to some effect you can consider yourself one of them . The game did n't offer much in the way of pirate hijinks , but it was kind of exciting just to know that somewhere along the line swashbuckling and grog were involved.The fun pretty much stops there . The battle system , though -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- improved from that of Suikoden III , gradually became tedious , and said tedium was all too easily remedied by the Retreat command , leaving you with basically nothing to do . Even less interesting was the half-baked plot . The idea of a Rune of Punishment that kills its holders is a good start , but I waited for all the game to be intrigued by its history or the will of the people who wished to wield it and was disappointed . The story is merely a foundation
 After playing Suikoden 2 and three , I was so excited and had high hopes for Suikoden 4 to live up to the same expectations as the previous suikoden games I played ... but apparently not.Everything seemed so flawed its hard to even describe . What was the makers of suikoden trying to do ? try something new ? Here is some pros about it though first :108 characters
 My favorite game of all time is Suikoden 2 !!! I have never seen an RPG that not only put so much time into an actual fun and active + creative story but involved original elements like your own castle/base which gets upgraded the more stars -LRB- characters -RRB- you meet , and recruit.Suikoden 1 is good as well , hey everything starts somewhere . 3 was fun and had good graphics the story was really the only thing that kept it going . But you already saw the direction the series was taking when they down played one of the kewlest parts , the BASE!Suikoden 4 just felt gimped . It promised and didnt deliver . I liked the initial direction of the game but when you compare it to what came before it , you cant help but look back and go , wait what just happened here ? What made the whole series kewl was just sapped ! Hell its on sale now for 12 something ... . the game just came out like a year ago ... . that says it all ppl!If it aint broke dont fix it lol , do a search for suikoden 2 and if you like old school -LRB- although its not that old school -RRB- 2-d graphics I suggest you check it out . Last time I saw it was on sale for like 180 + dollars ... . now thats quality !
 Whenever you have a series of games , you often run into a clunker somewhere along the line . For the Suikoden series , the 4th installment more than fits that description.In the other Suikoden games -LRB- 1,2,3,5 -RRB- the plot , in depth characters , and sheer enjoyment of finding the 108 stars of destiny are extremely well done . Not only does this game fail miserably in those aspects , but just moving around the world is a tedious act.Since the game takes place in the island nations , you spend much of your time sailing around in your ship . Unfortunately the random battles in this game are also very high . I have nothing against random battles , and often enjoy them . However , a battle every couple seconds while moving around the world map is a bit extreme.This game is extremely short , -LRB- actually a blessing -RRB- which is probably why you have random encounters every 3 seconds , otherwise this no plot game would last 10 hours . The only positives I can say for the game are the very nice looking graphics , perhaps the best in the series . However , I would gladly trade the graphics for a much better plot and character development.Fortunately , Suikoden got back on track with the 5th installment . I can only recommend this game for those of you who must have every game in the series .
 What happend !? Suikodan 3 was probably one of the most inventive RPGs I 've ever played , but Suikodan 4 stinks.The characters are boring , the story is dull and without any plot twists or inspiring hardships . The music is quiet , non-existent or boring . The gameplay lack challenges and the enemies constist of roughly 13 or so models in the whole game colored in different variations . Traveling from one island to another is slower than mud -LRB- literally hours if you want to explore the sea chart -RRB- . Plus while getting most the 108 characters was optional in Suikoden 3 . In Suikoden 4 it 's practically required to continue the boring story . Basically it 's
 After playing Suikoden III , I was excited to see this come out . I was badly disappointed for a number of reasons.First of all , the mute main character . It 's hard to feel for a main character who 's dialouge consists of ' ... ' , especially when so much of this game is supposed to be about the character . Also , for a large portion of the beginnng of the game , you will have two companions that you selcted from a group of four . Since you could choose any two , those characters are bland as well , as exactly the same outcome must occur regardless of who you are with . This means that the majority of the slow , unskippable voice acting for the first part of the game consists of one character ; the confused , and unintelligent cat-person . -LRB- Imagine 6-8 hours of hearing a bad voice actor saying `` Huh ? W-what ? Uuuuuh . . Hmmm ... -RRB- As for the world map , it 's not so much huge , as I could literally have 5 random encounters just turning the ship about.Some tropes of the Suikoden series were downplayed and outright lazy . Decorating your fort consists of changing the wallpaper in one room of the ship . The five character theme -LRB- Which in 3 was five playable dogs -RRB- was five mermaids . The mermaids run the item shop , but once you find one , the items available do not change . You just have five people to buy exactly the same items from.In the end , the most enjoyable part of this game was the mahjong mini-game .
 Having played Suikoden 1-5 I can say that 4 is by far the weakest . I did n't care about any of the characters , and got sick of being in a big stupid boat . Sea battles were kind of fun , sea travel was tedious , and over all this was by far the weakest of the series in almost every aspect . I would rate them best to worst as
 I loved the Suikoden series , but for some reason , Konami felt they needed to change the formula after Suikoden 2 . The result ended up producing a mediocre Suikoden 3 and a terrible Suikoden 4 . This game is completely uninteresting . I could not even get all the way through it because of a storyline that called for meandering on a boat in the middle of the ocean for several hours of gameplay . Save your money when it comes to this one . Konami has produced much better .
 Some people seem to think that Suikoden 4 is the best game ever , yet ca n't even write a decent review concerning it . Most people here seem to be too loyal to the original Suikodens to admit that this game is terrible . Suikoden 1 is my favorite game of all time so I actually know what im talking about.The graphics are horrid . The towns do n't get better . There are literally 2 dungeons in the whole game that are absolutely terrible . The character models are bland and disproportional . The main character has eyes the size of grapefruits while other have regular eyes . What 's worst , the enemy badguys are so incredibly unoriginal and boring to look at . There 's some grass with mist floating over it . Grass is one of your monsters ... These monsters are n't interesting like those leaves seen in previous Suikodens . All the monsters look stupid.The story has been done before . It deals with the Runes a little more , but does n't really have much else to do with the previous Suikodens . Considering it takes place 300 years before the first , they ca n't put many original characters in -LRB- clive , flik , viktor -RRB- . One of your first missions is to go to Middleport . When you arrive there , a man asks you to kill a monster in the sea . Apparently , it was just a black pot with the ability to call upon the water god . That was stupid and pointless.The battles quickly become repetitive , as they are constant . Random battles occur way too often . Breath of Fire for the GBA had this problem , but those battles you could deal with . This game has way too many easy battles . Upgrade at a blacksmith and buy some armor and you 'll be unstoppable . The water battles would be fun if they were n't so strategically easy . If your enemies have lightning boats , get an earth rune cannon and he 's dead . It 's as simple as that . The duels do n't occur enough . When they do , they are so easy as you just listen to what the opponents say and you win.The worst thing about this game are the little technical issues that Konami decided not to fix . For example , autopilot does n't work ever . What they did for the islands was make large invisible barriers around them . When you first have to go to Middleport , cruise around the island it 's on . You will realize that the collision size of the land is too big , and when you hit it , it will cause you to spin off into some weird direction . Another stupid thing is the way your character walks . He looks like he 's sprinting but he does n't move fast at all . Even worse , Konami made the characters swing their swords like idiots . When you hit an enemy , your character will walk up and lightly swing their sword . The sound of the sword hitting and the impact point are different . That sounds weird , but play it and you 'll see what I mean.So how are the characters exactly ? They must be good , considering there are 108 . Well , some of them are . However , you quickly learn that Konami did n't know what to do with most characters . Snowe is constantly changing personalities . At first he 's a brave fighter , than he falls on his arm and breaks it apparently . He then complains about it and runs away . 5 minutes later you see him rowing a boat . He then gets out and complains about how he cant move his arm . The commander believes him . How was he rowing that boat just now if he could n't move is arm ? Why is Snowe all of a sudden scared of battle . About 20 minutes earlier you got attacked and he was fine . And why did those guards let that one dude raise his hand up and summon his rune ? Why did n't they just kill him ? Things like this make the characters seem stupid and uneven.I would love to give this game a good review . I truly would . I loved the original Suikodens and Konami is better than this . One person said that the graphics were the best they have ever been in the series . No they are n't . They are n't the best in the series , and anyone can clearly tell you that . GMR reviewed the game and only gave it a 5 out of 10 . This is a horrible score to recieve from them . The graphics are so bad to support the higher poly character models . Everything runs smooth , but it looks like crap . That leaves only one real question.Why do you think Konami is only selling this game for 40 bucks . Why wo n't they just sell it for 50 ? Maybe they know that it is n't that great , considering the screenshots released a year ago look exactly like the game now .
 I am a fan of Suikoden series I , II , and III but IV is a completely different game . Sure the name and the idea of 108 Stars of Destiny is there but the main character walks weird , the dialogue is too long , and is rather confusing going from room to room . Suikoden III was excellent but I 'm sad to even writing a negative review to one of my favorite series of all times . Rent it first before forking over $ 40
 Before I get into my review I want to make one thing clear
 The item itself arrived on time and in good shape , exactly what it said it was and for a good price but it did n't come with a driver . I hear if you download and install the right driver this item works great on Windows XP but I learned from personal experience that this it is nothing but a haste on Windows 7 . If you have 7 just spend the extra $ 10 and get a dedicated , plug and play PC controller or at least one with a proper driver .
 This is not a direct dis to Yu-gi-oh ! , lord knows I love watching the tv show . I have a Dark Duel Stories for myGBA -LRB- game boy -RRB- . That game was Pretty hard at first but I managedto get through it . It turned out to be really fun to play . This game on the other hand , Duelists of the Roses , upset me . I saw an ad for it in a game magizne . It seem real cool and all since it was on the PS2 , that did n't help it though . This game was a huge disapointment and a learning experience ... I wanted this game to be right from the cartoon series , where you would get to walk around a town , find shops , duels , trade cards with other characters , that would have been a great game and it would look be-yu-ti-ful ! especially on the PS2 . Duelists of the Roses does not have to be akward ... but it is , Duelists of the Roses could be closer to the cartoon series . . but it is n't . You see this game is like playing chess with cards.You move around a bored and play your cards that the computer makes you chose in the beginning of the game . There are three decks to choose from , THEY ALL -LSB- smell -RSB- ! . Your first opponent is Weevile or Rex Raptor who all have cards that are over1000 atk points . While you on the other hand have maybe one card with 1000 atk points . This game is not challenging it isAG-RA-VA-TING 10 TIMES . If you really want to play this game do so with a stratagy guide , please ... Go Yu-Gi-Oh !
 I 'm a Yu-Gi-Oh ! fan . I collect the cards and play the game , so I figured that I 'd enjoy this game . How wrong I was . While I would not consider this the worst game ever , I was very disappointed by this Yu-Gi-Oh ! title.I rules of dueling are awkward and at times confusing . The duels are focused around moving your monsters around the field to attack your opponent 's `` deck leader . '' But your opponent tries to do the same . The duels at the beginning of the game are annoying because your opponents all have a field power bonus , and the cards you get at the beginning of the game are pretty weak . Also , Magic cards are summoned like monsters , so your opponent can attack them , thus messing up anything you 've planned . The gameplay will probably frustrate and annoy the average Yu-Gi-Oh ! fan.The storyline is merely average for an RPG . You play as the ancient Rose Duelist who was summoned to England in order to win the War of the Roses for either the Red Rose -LRB- led by Yugi -RRB- or the White Rose -LRB- led by Kaiba -RRB- . You need to collect the 16 Rose cards to win the war for your side and be sent home . The story , while entertaining for a while , gets tiring quickly.The only plus I 've seen is the graphics during the duels . When one card attacks another , a sort-of cinema sequence begins . You get to watch the monsters duel . But the graphics should n't be the selling point of the game . Nor should you buy this disappointment for the 3 promo cards that come with it . ... If you just want to duel like you do in a real card game , stick with the cards . But if you have a blind love of all things Yu-Gi-Oh ! , or if you like throwing your controller at your TV in disgust , buy this game .
 When I got this game , i was totally ready . But when I started playing , it was not what I expected . The graphics are okay but when it comes to the overall game , this one is not worth your money.PROS
 I 'm a biiig fan and this is the worst ever tooo long training K
 i dont know ... it does not work and the first time it didnt even arrive atall . nothing good to say really ...
 o my gosh . this game is so terrible , i rented it -LRB- thank god -RRB- just to see what is was like.it has nothing to do with yugioh , your some little model that moves around on a field trying not to get hit.out of ten bieng the best controls
 I had not heard a good thing about this game , but I tried it anyway . It stinkys ! I spent an hour playing the practice duel . They repeat the same thing over and over agian ; it got old really fast!Thank goodness I rented it first . Trust me If your think of buying it , rent it first and save the money .
 This game will have good graphics and okay gamplay but is just so hard for kids to grasp on -LRB- i read a preview about it -RRB- , and the idea of deuling mosters does not appeal to anyone over 15 , so do a favor and do n't get this game -LRB- i did play the sample of it at E3 -RRB- , it stunk , THE COMPANY DID NOT SHOW AUDIENCE AWARENESS -RRB- And the stratagy guide is coming November , while like game comes December -LRB- thats not smart ! -RRB- This did n't even deserve the 1 star I gave it !
 Okay , I 've never actually played this game . But , we have seen here its unholy power to ensnare ten year old children into idol worshipping it . I think we all that that is a very bad thing . Quite evil indeed .
 If you have n't already burned your eyes by playing this horrible Yu-Gi-Oh game do n't buy it !! The graphics are bad , the gameplay is bad , and to top it all off , the game is really hard ! Use your money to buy something better !
 I think this is the single-handedly worst game I have ever played . The gameplay was horrific . The graphics looked like something off of Sega Genesis rather than a PS2 . And what 's with that 30 minute intro ??? Let 's through all the cards on the table this game stunk .
 This game is horrible . I traded my friend a few ultra - rare cards for it and I regret that I did -LRB- luckily I am going to get them back -RRB- . It is set in the 1400 's and all the charcters have different names -LRB- but they prefer to be adressed by their actual name -RRB- . The grapics are horrible and the card game is nothing like the real one . You ca n't even put in passwords from the actual card game and everyone are wearing something weird -LRB- Kaiba is wearing a white suit with a Blue Eyes head on his arm -RRB- . It is also NOT for young children . I do n't think anyone wants to see a dead Harpie Lady . The intro is also 30 minutes long . In conclusion save $ ... and spend your money on The Eternal Duelist Soul or Stairway to the Destined Duel . They are extreamly accurate to the real card game .
 The controls are so advanced you do n't know what button does what and it does n't even tell you .
 I tell you not to buy this game it sucks . I am a huge yu-gi-oh fan but this isnt yu-gi-oh at al. . I dont even know what it is . It is a wast of mony dont buy it .
 I 'm a biiig fan and this is the worst ever tooo long training K
 This game is hard man . I have to always use cheats in one of myprogamers magazene . I also have trouble figuring out how the game works . You ca n't even actavate a trap or magic card without seeing the lame tutoral 8 times . It gives Yugiho a very bad name . Also a waste of money .
 This game sucks ! I played it with my dad about 2 years ago and we had to sit through the flippin tutorial for like 5 hours !!! We quit after a half an hour and we never played it again . The main problems are :1 . It 's nothing like yugioh2 . You have to sit through the tutorial for 48 hours3 . The controls do n't make any sense4 . It 's more like dungeon dice monstersDo n't buy this at all
 I fell asleep while playng.And i wasted my money cause you recommended it .
 After such great games as Forbidden Memories and Eternal Duelist Soul , you would think that a Yu-gi-oh game for a next generation sytem would be amazing . Well if you want to judge it by it 's graphics , then Ok it is decent , but if you want to judge it on gameplay it might be one of the worst games I have ever played . I am a huge yu-gi-oh fan , I have all the US released games and ove 15 real card decks , and on top of that I am 25 , say what you will about my age but I am not ashamed . This game is NOTHING like the real card game , the show , or any of the other games . You have to move your cards around the board like checkers and be right next to your opponents monster to attack it . Another thing is this leader thing , When you start the game you pick a deck , for each deck there is a leader , for example mine is Luminous Soldier . You use him to move around the board and summon you cards , if you opponent attacks your leader , regardless of your leaders attack or defense , it gets deducted directly from your life points . Another downfall is it is hard , I mean really really hard . I am all for a challenge but this goes beyond that , it is difficult to win , even against your 1st opponent , it also pretty hard to grasp how the game plays . It is far to difficult for kids . I would say one of my biggest problems with this game is that the codes on your real cards are 100 % useless on this game , they are not compatible , not a single one . So all the hard work of getting a good deck with great cards do n't matter on the game . The only really good thing about this game is that you can choose which side you want to play the game as in the beginning . White rose side which is Seto Kaiba or the Red rose side which is Yami Yugi . You play different ememies and you follow different story line depending on who 's side you pick.I had pre-ordered this game a good 2 months before it came out , anxious to play another great yu-gi-oh game instead I got a huge -LSB- expensive piece of junk -RSB- . Why does n't Konami make a yu-gi-oh game that follows either the real card game completly or the show completly or at least a mixture of the two , I know the rules are n't consistant on the show and keep changing , but at least try . The other Yugi video games had some big flaws in that they too did n't consistantly follow either the show or the card game but they at least came close enough to make them enjoyable . Why wo n't they give us what we the true fans want . If you are a true fan of the card game , you probably wont like this game , yes it can be fun to watch your favorite monsters battle it out , but get Forbidden Memories for that .
 This game was a complete disapointment , i bought it feb24 ,2003 and the game simply was n't worth it . The gameplay was nothing at all like forbidden memories , it was more like dungeon dice . They should have specified the kind of game it was going to be . In the reviews and when i saw the screenshots i thought that the graphics were awsome and i also thought that it was going to be like the trading card with all the rules and all because as we all know that forbidden memories even though it was very realistic it lacked almost every single rule in the game . I recommend to everyone do not buy this game , you 'll simply be wasting your money , better buy the gba game eternal duelist soul . it has all the rules and the gameplay its what I think we 're all looking for . !!!! 1
 I had not heard a good thing about this game , but I tried it anyway . It stinkys ! I spent an hour playing the practice duel . They repeat the same thing over and over agian ; it got old really fast!Thank goodness I rented it first . Trust me If your think of buying it , rent it first and save the money .
 After a THIRTY MINUTE INTRO ! ... I STILL did n't understand the game . Nor did i like it once i started playing it ! The battles were hard , and they did n't even tell you what cards you had or anything . ... if you are a good card player i 'd recommend it , or if you wan na spend HOURS trying to figure it out , then I 'd recommend it ... . But ... ugh ...
 I was thinking of buying this game when it came out but instead rented it first . I was glad I rented it . I would not wanted to play 50 dollars for such a low quality game . First off this is really not a card game and should not be called one . It is more like checkers and you will find the players very hard to beat . I do not mind a challenge but come on , this is insane . You also start off with weak cards that your opponent can destroy 90 percent of the time . The tutor is well done though so you can learn how to play pretty quickly . I would buy the game if I found it for 15 to 20 bucks but I would not pay 50 dollars for such a game . If you want to play the true card game play Yu-Gi-Oh ! The Eternal Duelists Soul for GBA , which in my opinion is the best YGO game out . I would deeply recommend you rent it before buying it . It is not too good .
 What a waste of money . I bought this game because I thought it would be like the card game but I sure was wrong . The cards are not even the same . They have differnt effects . I tried reading the tutorial but it takes at least an hour to fully read and understand it . My younger brothers could n't even grasp the information . The story line is really fake also . It 's not based on the tv show . It 's based on a little bit of history but changing the names of the characters of the past to the characters in the tv show . If you 're looking for a game that is closer to the card game and show I would buy the Game Boy Advance games
 If you are going to go out and buy a yu gi oh game , this sohlud be the last one on your list . It is terrible , bad storyline , dueling system is horrible , and you 'll get tired of it after 10 minutes . Yu gi oh Forbidden memories , on the other hand , never gets old . You will enjoy that game much more than this one .
 I do n't own this game buy but I 've played it at my friends house and I must say I am a Yu-Gi-Oh fan but this game is messed up.The rules are entirely different from normal Yu-Gi-Oh rules . They involve putting monsters on the feild and moving them around and trying to attack your opponents `` deck leader '' while he trys to attack yours . If a `` deck leader '' gets attacked it 's owner loses life points.The stroyline is really weird to . It involves England and France . It has nothing to do with the original Yu-Gi-Oh storyline and the people have the same decks and looks but different names.There is only two good things about this game one of witch is the graphics witch are outstanding ! When you attack one of your opponents monsters you go into a 3D mode where you get to see them attack eachother . The other good thing is that this gmae comes with the three magnet warriors cards and if you buy Yu-Gi-Oh Worldwide Edition
 The Bad ThingsFirst of all , you have to move the cards to the opponents.To easy -LRB- starter deck really good but not all -RRB- Cards are to easy to win.The passwords make your deck really good.At the end it is like there is nothing to do.God cards are hard to findThe Good ThingsGraphiqs are fantasticYou Get Alpha Gamma And Beta The magnet warriorsGet terrain builder wen you pass all the game.I played this game for 1 month and i had already mastered it . My Conclusion is
 This game is just ok , nothing better . The game does have many monsters and good graphics , but the gameplay is stupid . People that play the actual card game will find the way this game is played much different . Also , the cards that come with the game may be rare , but they are not very good . I would seriously recomend renting the game before you buy it because you might find , as I did , that the game is not very good .
 This game is horrible . It does not stick to the Duel Monsters that die-hard fans love and play . Watching the show is one thing . Playing in official tournaments is other . This does n't fit into either . Its a mixture between chess and Duel Monsters . If i wanted to play chess , I would play Chessmaster or Battle Chess . Konami dropped the ball this time . The only reason the sales will be high b/c its a Yu-gi-oh game . In my opinion Konami needs to redo it and revamp the fusions like they are suppose to be .
 I am a huge fan of Yu-Gi-Oh ! I have to warn you though , if you are looking for a game that plays like the actual card game , this is not the answer . In this game you have 4000 LP like the anime series now has . But you play on a chess board . You can only lay down one card per turn -LRB- whether that is a monster card or a trap card is up to you -RRB- . This SEVERELY limits your capabilities for those great combos you 've seen in the anime series . You have to move your monsters in position -LRB- you can only move them 1 space per turn -RRB- before you can attack the opponent 's monsters . The graphics seem like they should be a lot better for a PlayStation 2 platform , but nonetheless it is great when compared to the GameBoy Advanced games.Nothing like the actual card game or the anime series.But still a fun game , I was just a little disapointed .
 I was very dissapointed in this version and would not recomend this game , especially for young players under 12 . It takes much too long with senseless dialouge and finally when you do get to the action , is not user freindly . The Playstation 1 version is much better and easier in addition to being ... cheaper.PS
 First off this game is ridiculously complex for children . I orginaly purchased it for my 4 and 6 year old as they are big fans of the show , and there is no way that they could play this.Second the story line is horrid . I mean you expect it to follow the show to some extent . Instead your taking a side in the British war of the roses . I mean how many kids that would be playing this game even know what the war of the roses is.Third the difficulty is very high . You start out with two set opponents and right from the start they have monsters who are much stronger than anything you have . Only by blind luck can you win enough to gain more cards .
 The graphics of Yu-Gi-Oh Duelist of the Roses were great . `` I 'll give it that . '' But the way of dueling was horible . In order to attack your opponent 's monsters you have to move the card on to the space to attack . Also magic and trap cards can be attacked by monsters . When in regular card games magic and trap cards can only be destroyed by other magic or trap cards . I only give this game one star and thats for the graphics .
 this game ... is six years old ... the interface in the begining ... the . . interaction in the middle ... . why couldnt they have voice overs . . its . . BORING to READ . . why couldnt they make a new yu-gi-oh for ps2 only ?? they just add on the old game with some `` 3d '' graphics and calling this a ps2 game ... i am very disappointed ...
 I 'm two things , a Yu-Gi-Oh fan and a video gamer . And whens these two things collide it is n't pretty . The first problem with its game is the graphics . they are what you would suspect from a PSX and not a PS2 . The plot is also another problem , why are we in the 1400s and why ca n't I play being Kaiba of Yugi . The Final problem , the game is so darn hard , your deck is absoulute weak with very few useful cards and the A.I. is so hard to beat you would almost have a better chance of winning the lottery . In Short , Yugi fans you have been warned rent it first . Anyone else just stay away from this game .
 Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duelists of the Roses should have been great . The series is amazingly popular and the card game can be quite fun . Somehow , Konami managed to ruin a game despite the odds.First , this PS2 game takes the world of Yu-Gi-Oh ! and transplants it into the middle ages , with the War of the Roses . The houses of Lancaster and York are vying for the throne of England , and only cards can settle it.OK , I do n't mind that . I love English history , and I also enjoy card games . So into the tutorial we head . While they go over every step in the game , it 's one gigantically long rush of about 1/2 hour or more . And instead of letting you practice the commands and repeat them , it 's a slideshow-like sequence where you just keep hitting X ... X ... X . You really need a walkthrough to print out to have it all available and ignore their slideshow.Finally you get to the game . You choose a default deck and take it into `` battle '' as you try to move across England . Problem 1 - there 's no practice ! You go from that slideshow right into a nasty battle that many find difficult to win . You are often dealt awful cards that even skilled players find it hard to win with . It 's hard to learn the game when your monsters are stomped easily left and right.At least you might have pretty things to look at and listen to while you die , right ? Wrong ! The graphics for the cards are awful . You can barely tell what element something is or anything else . Even the important numbers are hard to decipher . And for sound , you get the same droning loop of synth music again and again.Cardplay is new and unusual , with monsters moving across the board and facing each other on different terrain types . It 's sort of interesting but can be extremely frustrating , especially for new players . You do get a semi-cool 3d `` quick battle '' when the cards meet , but even that is on a boring background and lasts maybe 5 seconds.Perhaps worth it for the incredibly-dedicated Yu-Gi-Oh ! fan , but the rest of us should demand something better next time . This game is an embarassment given the quality of PS2 games coming out today .
 i hate this game.yu-gi-oh buyers beware this is almost impossible to beat!It takes foreever to summon a blue eyes if your luckey to get a blue eyes that is.If i were you i would just buy yu-gioh falsebound kingdom for the gamecube.If you are buying this for a young child he will be so unhappy so do him \ her a favor and dont buy this game
 My 7 year old wanted this for his birthday so I got it for him . He does Yu-Gi-Oh cards everyday and knows just about everything there is to know about the cards . He was bored with this game in less than 5 minutes . It had just to much talking between the charactors and nothing to tell you how to use them . I took this game back the very next day . .
 Please do n't buy this game , it is dumb . The only thing cool about it is the 3d monster action . Over all , IT STINKS !
 I rented this game from blockbuster today I really enjoyed the gameboy games and I thought this would be even better . I WAS SO WRONG !! The game play is nothing like the show or the card game . It makes absolutely no sense !! If u have enough money I think u should buy the gameboy games or buy a Playstation 2 game like Vice City !!
 I have n't played this game a whole lot yet . However I have played and learned enough to know what I need to know . First the graphics are phenominal . No complaints on the graphics , they are a huge improvement and a reason enough to buy the game . Many people are raving about this game , but in my opinion and what should be other 's opinions
 This game is a sneaking game ... no more no less.It has no depth.All you do is sneak which is boring and this game has no variety . Spend your money on paint and watch it dry . Its much better than playing this overrated crap
 Man this game Sucks the only reason that i put 1 star is cause they wont let me put 0 . . This game Is Crappy and badly made Ya wan na spend money on this then Fine Just let me warn yopu this game is sooo Short It 's beyond Crap
 this game sssssssssssssuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccckkkkkkks my freind teddy loves it but its bad to the bone
 I bought this game so I could have some entertainment on a car trip . I should n't have . This game is pointless and annoying . Parts of it are too easy , and other parts seem impossible . It does n't make any sense . I mean , all you have to do is collect all the gems , freeze a few fireflies -LRB- which happen to be unrealistically big -RRB- and complete some mini-games . It is extremely easy to destroy enemies , because most of them go down with one hit . When you play on the Sheila the kangaroo levels , you die a lot because it 's hard to jump on enemies . The Agent 9 levels have prehistoric graphics , and also , the music is never the kind that gets your heart pumping . In Metroid Fusion , for example , it has very scary music when the SA-X -LRB- the ultimate enemy -RRB- goes by . In Spyro , it always has a happy little tune playing . I advise all gamers to buy something else , and avoid Spyro at all costs .
 I could barely get through the first few minutes of the game . Something about the shakey camera work style movement of Spyro made me really sick feeling . And , it was kinda boring .
 A number of reviews have already mentioned the worst thing about this game
 The look of this game is great . I give major credit to the designers for creating some really good looking locations and characters . However , that alone is not enough to make this game worth owning . I found myself incredibly bored watching the endless movies and chatter between the characters . I buy games to PLAY , not to sit around and watch movies for half an hour waiting to play another level . Besides that , listening to Raiden and his girlfriend argue about their relationship is enough to make a person throw up . Come on , give me a break ...
 This is the first Metal Gear game that I have played , so I can not compare this to the other . I like a plot that goes with a game ; but , to sit and watch 15 minutes of choppy videos and still frames is too long to wait to get into a game.On top of the seemingly slow story line , I was very disappointed in the gameplay . The graphics are fine and movement is not too bad . The lack of camera control and the horrible angles that the game gives you makes it very difficult to use your character to interact with others and the environment .
 Thank goodness I rented this game and did n't waste -LSB- your money -RSB- . It is the worst game I have every played . I do n't even know where to begin . I am literally shocked that some folks actually liked playing this game . I think in some unknown realm hype somehow convinces some folks that the game is actually good when it 's not.My BIGGEST compliant is the storyline and its constant interruption of game play . EVERYTIME you are trying to immerse yourself in actual game play , the gamming stops and the over blotted storyline takes over . It you are lucky there is a minute or so of game play and the action stops . Granted , you can stop the story and continue playing but then you have no glue as to what direction you are headed . I do n't know why they could n't take a page from Halo or MOH and either have someone talking to you as you are playing to have the ability to press a button and review your objectives.Another issue I have is all this hype with the VR -LRB- virtual reality -RRB- missions . Another silly , pointless , and waste of a good programmer 's time . What is so great about the VR aspect of the game ? I 'm confused . My advice to every company out there making games ; sit down with the Bungie/Microsoft folks -LRB- creators of Halo -RRB- and learn something .
 To make this review short and simple.This game SUCKS !!! Its a huge disapointment!It ca n`t be compared to the great MGS1.The only good part of the game is the begining . Where you control solid snake.And then the rest of the game you control a guy . Who basicly looks like a girl . . And that hair . 80s is not cool anymore!And it have to be the worst story in any game ever !!! Its a script from HELL !!! A 5 year old could write a better story!It takes every turn there is.And now I am being soft on the game . . I regret buying this game.And I have never played it since I finished it.Id rather play the great MGS1 one more time.The sequel to this one -LRB- when it comes out -RRB- , is a sure rental . Before buying it.To finish this review of
 Rent this game to test it before purchasing.It is very different from similar games -LRB- Halo , Splinter Cell , etc -RRB- . Although I like those other games , I did not like Metal Gear Solid.In short , it has VERY long movie scenes -LRB- I think I had to watch about 20 minutes of video before playing , and the game is constantly pausing to show you other short movies -RRB- . You feel more out of control of the player than you do in other shooting games -LRB- Ghost Recon , Splinter Cell , Halo , etc -RRB- . The result of the movies and the awkward control is that you do n't feel engaged as a player.After about a half-day I gave up on this one and returned it.If you like to get caught up in the `` plot '' of a shooter videogame , and the action is just an aside , then this is probably a good selection . If you prefer action , and like the plot as a nice backdrop , then you are not likely to enjoy this game .
 MGS 2 was a really good game , but not as deep as the first one on the PSX . MGS Substance is basically the japanese release of the game -LRB- american version didnt have all the extras !! -RRB- . You can skate , play as new characters , watch the movies with different characters , and more VR type missions . I am sure those things add some replay value to the game , but other than that , there is nothing new going on . Story is exactly the same , graphics are same , control and sound are carbon copy of original MGS 2 . If you havent played or owned MGS 2 , then substance is the one to get .
 I really like Splinter Cell.MGS2 is no Splinter Cell ... not even close!The one main problem is the horrible camera angles . Just let me play in 1st person mode!Next , why in the world does n't Snake have a knife ? If I had just put a terrorist to sleep , knowing he 'd wake up again in a few minutes , I 'd just slit his throat ! At the very least , toss him overboard , toss his weapons overboard , or something !!! And why ca n't I pick up their weapons?Also , what 's with the stupid shaking the body to find stuff ? Why ca n't Snake just go through the pockets , instead of having to shake the body repeatedly , to try and find something ? And would n't this wake them up if they 're asleep ??? Dumb does n't even begin to describe the contrived story line and limitations.Wasted 3 hours on it , trying to see if it would `` grow on me '' . Yeah , it grew ... like fungus.I 'm not sure why I 'm even giving it 2 stars , but I 'm in a generous mood .
 I went to my friends house to see what this game was all about . Well we started with such excitment but yet , I grew board of this game really fast . He ended up beating the SOL story in 2 days , and I hardly played any of it . He got board of it too , cuz he had SOL as well . Well here 's the dealGameplay : Well the same except on the Xbox you have to hit the left anolog stick to get out of 1st person view , and that makes you not wa n't to get your cover blown , and the game suffers from slowdown , which really ticked me off.Graphics : Whoever said that this took advantage of the Xbox graphics is lyin . There nearly the same as the PS2 's or a slight bit worse , but anyway , they look kinda the same . So not much canged here.Sound : Well yea the sound is a bit better than the PS2 's , and that so far is the first advantage the Xbox had over the PS2Value : Well if you are a fan of metal gear and have every single game , like me , then you pretty much have this game . The VR and alternate missions : You can just pop in MGS VR missions and there u go ; Snake tales : They were intruiging at first , but they are very dissapointing once you 're done ; SOL if you have SOL for the PS2 , then it 's pretty much the same old game , just a diffrent system , unless you wanted to play as Snake very badly , but I do n't give a ... Overall : This game is very dissapointing to me and my friend . This will not even be as nearly praised as MGS2 . This is baisicly a port of MGS2 . I was expecting another great port like Max Payne , but got Resident Evil 's directors cut . Anyone with a PS2 and has MGS2 , and thought that substance was the reason to buy an Xbox , belive me you rather wait till it comes out for the PS2 , unless that 'll be a letdown as well . If you have both systems with MGS2 , I 'd rather wait for Splinter Cell , DOA Xtreeme Volyball or Halo 2 than buy this if I were u. My friend wanted to sell it , so I got someone for him that brought it . If u have only a Xbox , then u jes might get this game .
 I rented this game and it was a total disapointment -- you spend most of the time listening to the characters b *** h and complain to each other about everything . For example
 There 's linear storytelling and then there 's Metal Gear Solid . Do n't dare to stray from the plot too long or it will bore you to death . I made the mistake of playing the far superior Splinter Cell on the Xbox before I played this . The perspective and movement on Metal Gear Solid 2 appeared to be horrifically clumsy and counter-intuitive as a result . The Story itself is actually the only truely good thing about the game . However after hours of awful gameplay I gave up on it because it was n't worth sticking through it all to find out what happens at the end . Perhaps you can tell but I utterly hated this game . I was looking for the zero star option because it does n't even deserve one . The infinite enemies when you kill them off is annoying , it does n't allow for variation in style . Also the fact that your charecter ca n't jump and that some of the fancy maneuvers can only be used when and where they feel like letting you is equally annoying . The Bosses are iritating beyond belief and the game play is n't 1 millionth as slick as the animation that comes with the game itself . Save your pennies and go buy MechAssault and Splinter Cell instead and have much more fun .
 `` Metal Gear Solid 2 is more sneaky than Splinter Cell ! Splinter Cell is just about the graphics ! In Metal Gear Solid 2 , you get to sit through three hours of cutscenes and try to comprehend the screwed up storyline they throw in your face ! When you get to play , you 'll see how short the game really is , how idiotic the bosses are , and how better it is than Splinter Cell ! '' This is what I usually hear from people who do n't like Splinter Cell . This could have been a good game if they did n't try to make a movie out of it , but sadly , that 's exactly what they did . The storyline is terrible . The conversations you have to listen to are sappy and boring . There did n't really need to be a character change in the game . You switch from Solid Snake to Raven -LRB- Why ? -RRB- . I would be better off playing as Solid Snake , but you have to switch for some reason . You fight most of the bosses in the 2nd portion while playing as Raven , and the bosses are pathetic . There 's a Storm-like boss with a big lightning gun , a vampire with swords who happens to be in love with the boss with the lightning gun , a fat bomb carrying boss , and a boss who reminds me of Dr. Octopus . There is a corny plot for each of them , and I do n't want to sit through them again because they 're so stupid . The game 's plot gets more bizzare as it goes on . I 'm not going to expain what they are because it 's too much . The last thing I 'm going to say is
 All you people say oh amazing gameplay . Please tell me how much time you actually get to play . Oh ... maybe 10 % of the time at the most ? And can the story line be weaker ? Everyone is double crossing , and random life being started in the White House ... hmm ... Yeah do n't play this unless you are looking for a movie .
 ive always liked spyro since i played it at a friends house , and i ended up really liking it . it started when we got a PS1 and had a blast beatting and borrowing them . 1-3 were great . then our PS1 broke and we got a gamecube . and at Christmas we also got number 4 of spyro . the only problem was is that it was the same villian -LRB- i thought he 'd be a MORRON to mess with me again -RRB- , plot , scattered junk , graphics , spyro moves a wierd and SLOOOOW way , all of the above are games 1-3 mixed up into a bunch of TRASH ! well time for the results . ooooooooohhhhhhh!graphics ,1 -5 , it looks like its been made out of PAPER.sound,2-5 , havent played for so long i forgot , one thing i do remember is the `` YOUCH '' every time spyro runs into a FREAKEN wall . ANOYING.game,1-5 , its to short , theirs NO fun in collecting DUMB gems , and theres nothing to go back for.OVERALL , I GIVE IT A 2-5 . piece of JUNK!i reccomend only renting and NO buying . get an older spyro .
 Game is not smooth , tremendous load times and hangs up occasionally . Definitly not on par with past Spyro games and NOT worth the 49.95 they charge . The developers should be ashamed!Compared to the graphics and game play of a game like Jak and Daxter this is truly disappointing . Save your money . I wish I had .
 The PS2 version is defective . Several vital controls stop responding about 30 minutes into game play . Of the two dragons -LRB- Spyro and Cynder -RRB- , both are supposed to be able to go up in level , but the control needed to bring up Cynder -LRB- L2 -RRB- does not work . Tried every possible button in case manual was wrong , to no avail . The control to switch between Cynder and Spyro in single-person mode stops working after the opening scene . In two-person mode , Cynder 's magical attacks stop working after you lower the horn to the floor . Because of these broken controls , we became permanently stuck at `` blow horn to open door '' about 45 minutes into the game . Played through several different ways , and nothing helped -- not even the Cheats listed on internet sites.We have a new PS2 station , and we bought a new copy of this game . This is n't like a PC game where there is some hope of a driver update to fix the problem , either . Only buy this game if you can find somewhere that will accept a return for cash or a different game entirely -LRB- NOT a new copy of this one -RRB- .
 this game looks fun . BUT beleive me its not . this game is awfully executed . the storyline is just HORRIBLE . when you first start playing the game . the graphics look ok . but when you start running . the camera goes completely out of control . the graphical framerate litteraly jumps when you run . im not kidding . the controls are terrible . they work against you the entire game . the most simple of maneuvers . requires great and i mean great skill in spyro enter the dragonfly . but that is the only reason . this game isnt cakewalk the entire time . because of the unbalanced control and camera scheme . the rest of the game is entirely easy . you should have no trouble reaching the last boss on this game in about 3 hours . i know this is more of a complaint board than a reveiw . but seriously people . rent this game before you buy it . even if you loved the other spyros to death .
 I bought this game thinking it would be just like the other spyro games , when i saw that insomniac was not working on this game i became a little suspicios ... . this game is nothing like the other spyro games , its junk .
 wow this game is not even close to mediocre im not kidding . as a big fan of spyro i thought id love this game but its horrible . the graphics are not as good as the spyros on playstation 1 . there is only 8 levels and the load times are very long . longer than they have to be really ive played games with no loading times . theres lots of glitches cheap deaths . the game is extremely repetitive and seemingly based on collection only . thats right enter the dragonfly requires players to collect about 1000 gems a level . the camera angles are just horrible really youd swear it makes the game almost unplayable the camera angles are that bad . basically a slower clunky version of spyro . were they take out any good leave all the bad things . then add more bad things and glitches and long load times . and that is pretty much what enter the dragonfly is like . its one of the worst games ever made extremely childish and just plain obnoxuis . even if you love spyro rent before you buy .
 There are two things that make this game at least slightly enjoyable . The water graphics are pretty neat , and everyone talks more during the game , especially Spyro . Otherwise this game is a waste of time ! I LOVED the three games for the PS1 , and was looking forward to the PS2 games . Thankfully I rented the game from a video store , or else I would have wasted wait like twenty bucks ? Anyway the game is boring , slow , and down right hideous . Any Spyro fan will just be taken aback . I turned off the game after only five minutes , if even that long . If you want to play the game for yourself , RENT IT ! If you like it enough , hey buy it .
 this game is poor . ok heres the basic idea of the the losers who created this game . make a platform game thats mediocre . we can get away with it . these people arent trying to make a good game theyre just trying to associate themselves with spyro . so they can make quck bux during the holiday season . this game is horrible the graphics are awful . the camera angles are just plain ridicolus . the camera cant keep up with the action . everytime spyro jumps or charges pr anything else the camera is racing over toward you . sometimes spyro will charge and suddenly the camera zooms in and stops the charge leaving spyro facing the wrong direction . i HATE the controllers they are terrible . im never bothered by bad controls but this is just insane . jumping from platform to platform will actuaully belive it or not be a painstaking task in this game . everytime i try to jump i just fall down unless i study a position perfectly . and its not gauranteed to work then either . not only that ocasiionaly youll automaticaly talk to a characther without selecting the to talk button . these are just a few examples off the horrible camera work and excrustacingly bad controls youll find here . but wait theres more . the game takes about 50 seconds to load and in the gaming world thats pretty long . and there also a ton of glitches that include the system freezing up walking underwater losing hundreds of gems for no reason countless cheap deaths huge lines coming out of bad guys . the bad guys are way too easy and the puzzles are irritating and repetitive . the characthers look really stupid like there retarted or something . one characther jimmy bob the aligator just stares over his shoulders like a moron . theres other bad things too though . like youll have to go from portal to portal collecting as much as 1000 gems in each one . all of them are harder to collect too . theres only 9 levels unlike the 30 or so that was in the previous spyro games . ripto is the only boss youll fight in the whole game . the special collectible here is dragonflies and the most reward you get in the entire game is a few new breath abilities . the game isnt long difficult or challenging it is repetitive annoying and disgusting however . even at the end of the game you dont get any special reward or bonus like you did before . and the graphics are disgusting there always dropping in framerate which makes them hideous to look at . you know ive always loved spyro but i refuse to play this one . to buy this would simply be to do yourself wrong . especially consedering the greatness of games like rachet and clank going commando and jak 2 . i so glad i got rid of enter the dragonfly . its a wonderful fresh new feeling to have fun with video games again . especially after this horribly unsatisfying platformer a complete ripoff unless collecting gems means everything to you .
 this isnt at all like the other spyro games which i loved its a poor example of a spyro game . first of all i love spyro ive played all his games trough and heavily enjoyed every minute playing . but heck theres hardly anything to like about this new game . it has pathetic graphics only 8 levels and completely lacks the charm the other 3 had . everything that can be found good about the other ones is completely lacking here . even though im a spyro fan this is probally one of the worst games i have ever played . the storyline really dosent give you a reason to do what your doing and the characthers really look stupid . basically no challenges at all . and in fact if you can find a challenge it would be stearing the camera in the right direction . i promise you this has the worst camera angle and control problems ive ever seen in a video game . the controls make spyro fall down as hes trying to jump from platform to platform or rock to rock . the sound effects are really bad and there are also a lot of glitches all over the place like a nonrecorded gem collection or the game automaticaly freezing . plus the load times are superlong . i know some of you are getting tired of hearing that but seriously some games on the playstation 2 dont even have to load . the only thing spyro fans will get that theyve known from the last 3 spyros is the gems there everywhere and you can collect them by walking up to them . the thing you have to try to collect in this game are dragonflies because ripto has stole them . and now you get to have new bireath abilities fire ice and elictricity . BIG DEAL RIGHT what ever you do do not buy this game . just go play the first 3 again my personal favirote would have to be the original .
 i have labeled myself as one of spyros biggest fans . the series included adventorous gameplay exciting puzzles and spyro was one of those few platformers that couldhold my intrest because the game in my veiw is very entertaining . but who could love his latest adventure etd its terrible . it lacks creativity and charm . the sound effects give you a migrane . and the collecting dragonflies is stupid . a bad plot fewer levels than other spyro games and the load times are sooooooooo long . do not buy this game get any other spyro just not this one . the game is also overflowing with glitches bad camera angles and slimy characther acting . do not buy this game get any other spyro just not this one .
 I am a Spyro fan and have been for a long time . But I do n't remember him ever spewing bubbles instead of fire . BUBBLES ?! What the ... Spewing ice was bad enough but bubbles ? I think upgrading the graphics utterly destroyed this game . You feel limited in this game , whereas in the others , you feel like you can do anything . You do n't jump very far or high , everything feels slower than in the past , -LRB- to me at least -RRB- , and I do n't know why I am even writing a review about this steaming pile .
 ... those people who said it glitches up and is jerky are right . We only played one hour and it froze . And , please , how do you get to the other levels ? It makes no sense compared to the other Spyros . If you like Spyro , I suggest you get Spyro 3 . -LRB- Return of the Dragon ? -RRB- This clunker belongs in the discount rack . Do n't pay top dollar for it . You will be kicking yourself if you do .
 I purchased this game for my nephew . I told him to tell me if there was a problem with it . Of course he did n't tell me that the game display bounced between black and white and color , or that it was IMPOSSIBLE to finish or win some objectives . I ca n't believe I paid $ 50 , for an essentially UNPLAYABLE game !!! I guess next time I wo n't ask a 9 year old what he thinks of a game ! Do n't buy this one until Universal comes out with a less buggy version .
 I love spyro , I bought the game before reading the reviews -LRB- wich was a big mistake -RRB- played it and then my system froze!Yes it is a cool game but it takes so long to load!The graphics on the last games were way better.The game is so short and simple.It only took almost 2 days to finish.So I rushed it back to get my money . Take it from me , I have played some extremely good games but this is not one of them.Do not buy it no matter how cool they say it is.It will freeze up and it took 10 min . just to get from world to world.They can do better than this crud .
 The graphics are great , when they do n't disappear or if the camera does n't get stuck in a wall . The sound is great , when they do n't stack on each other . The levels are challenging when you can 1 . not freeze up and 2 . get loaded into the right level after saving . The controls are sluggish and if you are used to using the D-pad with Sypro , get over it . It offers nothing in response . The other buttons work most of the time , but it gets annoying when you push the triangle button , you do a head bash and all you wanted to do was center the camera . I 'm glad that Universal is offering refund on this badly done game . I 'm going to go the Game Cube addition -LRB- only after I rent it first . -RRB- No one that has reviewed has the same problems .
 This is kinda a big step down for Spyro . Seriously , this game is quite buggy and glitchy , and pretty darn short , and it really seems unfinished . I absolutely loved the three games on the PlayStation 1 , they are great . But now there 's this ? It does n't really seem like they put in much effort , seems like they really rushed this game . As a Spyro fan , I own it . But really , if you are n't a Spyro fan , I would n't try this game . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 I 've been a big fan of the spyro games for many years , and in my opinion , this was the absolute worst game of the entire series . Every single copy that I bought of this game had so many bugs that it sucked out any possible enjoyment I might have gotten from the game . I went through 3 copies , all bought new , of this game and all were so full of bugs and glitches that I returned my copy and finally finished it by renting a copy . When my character was n't randomly dying for no apparent reason , the gameplay was ok , but honestly , it was n't worth the frustration . So , if you enjoy your character randomly dying by somehow falling to his death while on solid ground every 5 minutes , then play this game . Otherwise , I would n't even bother wasting my time with it .
 I remember this game , unfortunately . I had just gotten my PS2 . Playstation 1 was history , good history . One of my favorite games on the PS1
 The moment I heard there was to be a new Spyro game , I went out and specifically purchased a PS2 so I could play it . From my extensive video game playing experience , the Spyro series are some of the most fun and challenging games to play.I should have double checked to make sure the fine folks at Insomniac games produced this game -LRB- as they did the other 3 -RRB- . They did n't , and boy does it show.The mini-games are not challenging , but are annoying and repetitious . This game is peppered with challenges where you have to beat a timer -LRB- like finding all the scarecrows and super flaming them before your timer runs out -RRB- . While many of them are doable , there are some that are frustrating to do because the control is so jerky , the camera work is jerky , and the glitches so many , they are impossible to complete . I am unable to finish my current game because a programming glitch has rendered a non-water world into a water world . I ca n't double back because the doorway to the beginning of the level leads to a completely white area -LRB- which was n't white when I started -RRB- that the dragon is unable to manouver through . I could start over , but why re-live the anger and frustration I have experienced thus far?I plan on avoiding Vivendi Universal games from now on . They have pretty much destroyed a beloved character and game with their hastily thrown together poor carbon copy of a once great concept .
 Please do not purchase this game.I have been a huge fan of Spyro since I was , oh , about 4 or 5 . It was the first game I purchased when I recieved my Playstation as a present . All of the original games were exciting , fun to play , with memorable characters , beautiful landscapes , and an original plot.A couple years ago , I got sick , and as a get well present , my parents bought me a Playstation 2 , along with Spyro
 I was VERY VERY disappointed after purchasing & trying to play this game ... The graphics are good , BUT , the game is soooo sluggish & it skips frames badly . I got very frustrated & gave up ... A previous reviewer nailed it on the head when they said it did n't even appear that it was tested before it was released ... it is that bad ... I have & played all the other Spyro games too & I was anticipating & hoping this would be of the previous Insomniac caliber ... Alas , I did not have the patience to play it .
 I 've been with Spyro since the very first game ... since even before the first game earned the green `` greatest hits '' dealy on its case , as a matter of fact . So , naturally , I went to find this game the day that I bought my new PS2 console . I could n't find it at the store , but I rented it from the video store where I work . Lucky me . Even as a hardcore Spyro fan , I was extremely disappointed with this game.The Good...-New abilities ! Spyro can now breathe fire , ice , and electricity . He can also breathe bubbles that catch dragonflies . He can also shield himself with his wings.-Nicely designed environments.-Easy controls with a very quick learning curve.-Once again , Stewart Copeland -LRB- yes , the guy from The Police -RRB- did an awesome job with the music ... The Bad...-The storyline and the premise is flimsy . Ripto tries to kidnap the dragonflies , but instead ends up scattering them across the dragon realms . When Bianca tries to give Spyro extra abilities , she accidentally scatters the abilities all over the realms as well.-Very long load times . I actually was able to get up , go to the kitchen and grab a snack , and return to my seat before it finished.-The framerate will occasionally slow down dramatically ... And The Ugly-Major bugs . Sometimes the sound volume will get ` stuck , ' leaving your television spewing out deafening `` waterfall '' noise even when you 're far away from the waterfall . The game goes on automatic pilot when you get close to characters you can interact with . If there is something between you and the character , you will get stuck and you will have to restart your console . Sometimes it will just stick for no reason , and you will have to restart your console.-Extremely short playtime . So far , I have had this game for two evenings . I have spent maybe an hour and a half playing it . When I check the game 's atlas , it says that the game is 32 % COMPLETE . Other reviews that I have read give an estimate of less than ten hours to completely finish the game.Long story short , do n't bother with this . If you are a long-time Spyro fan , go ahead and rent the game and have fun exploring the environments . Other than that , just stay away . This game is a far cry from the first three installments of the series , which had well-developed storylines and took much longer to complete.Luckily the place I work gives their employees free rentals . After playing this game , the knowledge that I had spent money on it would have kept me up at night .
 I played this Spyro game first and found it flat and tedious . Everything in it feels like a chore rather than a challenge . It feels like gameplay balance was a secondary consideration , if that.Recently , I had the pleasure of playing one of the older Spyro games for the PSX and I realized that this newer game is just a rehash of material that Insomniac gave us in earlier Spyro games -- but this PS2 Spyro lacks the charm and gameplay of the Insomniac games . It all feels like someone bought the rights to Spyro and just slapped together a game -- glitchy , uninspired , and graphically deficient . In fact , the PSX graphics in the earlier games are almost as good as those in `` Enter the Dragonfly ; '' ETD looks for all the world like they simply took the models used for the PSX and rendered them at PS2 resolutions . Embarrassing . The only enjoyable thing about this game is the music.Spyro creator Insomniac Games has moved on to `` Ratchet & Clank , '' and I suggest that Spyro fans do the same.If this is the Spyro of the future , stick with the Spyro of the past
 I really wish I had read the reviews here before I purchased the game . It is NOT at all like the versions we knew from Insomniac games . It is riddled with bugs , awful camera angles , clunky interface and poor controller response . I hate it . Unfortunately I can not return it cause it 's opened , but if there is a Spyro after this , I will be very hesitant to buy it if it is not from Insomniac !
 How sad is this game > Probably the best platformer on the Playstation is now the worst on the PS2 . Worse than the 5-year old original technically and it does n't play as well and full of glitches . ...
 Spyro has long been one of my favorite Playstation games . When I heard about Spyro
 In response to the `` big disappointment '' review -- you can sleep soundly knowing that you were right in not believing it was from the same team as the other Spyros -- it is n't . The team that did the original 3 Spyros moved on a few years back -- I believe they 're the ones responsible for Ratchet and Clank.All else I can say is that you 're also right in saying it 's a big disappointment -- cruddy framerate , very short , and they stole quite a lot from the first three games . If you look , even the font they use is stolen from the PSone games , and those looked better!I do n't know if you 'll have much more luck with the gamecube version , but perhaps our favorite little purple dragon wo n't be a Universally lost cause .
 As a long-time fan of the PS1 versions by Insomniac , I was hopeful that the new developers would have little reason to release anything less than excellent for more capable hardware . Man , am I disappointed.While the worlds are more lush and detailed than the PS1 versions -- as are the characters and effects -- the frame rate ca n't keep up so it really does n't matter . No , it 's actually worse . I 'll take smooth action and responsive controls/camera over lush detail every day . The game has locked up on us three times so far , too , resulting in having to do a lot of stuff over again . It 's not as bad as our experiences with Theme Park Roller Coaster for PS2 , but it 's the only other game that has crashed for us .
 Terribly disappointing . I 've been anxiously awaiting the release of Spyro 4 for months now . It 's hard to believe it 's from the same makers of the first 3 ! The graphics are good but that 's where it ends . There are MANY flaws . Sound errors , graphic glitches , slow load times , and non-responsive controls just to name a few . Surely , the makers will correct some of these problems and re-release this game later . The game really should be recalled it is so bad . I 've been on the Spyro web site and everyone seems to agree .
 WARNING
 PLEASE ... If you 've been dying to play a new Spyro game , rent `` Enter the Dragonfly '' before you spend -LRB- waste ?? -RRB- your money.I love the first 3 Spyro games -LRB- the ones done by Insomniac -RRB- . Unfortunately `` Enter the Dragonfly '' was not done by Insomniac . Although Spyro is now on the PS2 , it looks like a PS1 game , and a bad PS1 game at that . The graphics are overly simple , blocky and pop in and out -LRB- huge pieces of the ground or the sky sometimes just disappears -RRB- , the frame rate -LRB- how smooth the whole thing runs -RRB- is as PAINFULLY slow . The animations are poor and do n't even ask me about the load times , they are forever.Take a minute and look around in the magazines or on line and try and find a professional review of the game . Apparently Universal never sent out any review copies . -LRB- They know they 've got a stinker here -RRB- However , Universal has spent lots of money advertising the game . Universal 's only hope is to try to sell this game on the success of the first three Spyros before the word gets out.If you want some great games -LRB- from teams that know how to design a game and use the power of the PS2 -RRB- try Sly Copper or Ratchet & Clank . -LRB- Ratchet & Clank is what Insomniac did instead of making a new Spyro game -RRB- Some Spyro fans seem to be very happy with the new Spyro , but my suggestion would be to rent it first !
 I am a big fan of the first three games , but this one is a disapointment . Long load times , the game play was n't smooth , it was n't set up in a organized manner , and I thought it was boring to collect dragonflies . Rent it before you buy it .
 I totally agree with most of the reviews on this game . My grandson and I have enjoyed many hours playing all three Spyro games and when I saw this one I was thrilled and unfortunately did not go online to read the reviews before I bought it . We are very disappointed . The game leaves alot to be desired . Load times are terribly s-l-o-w and the graphics are not up to par . The game has frozen on several ocassions and we have to restart it . We both found Spyro hard to control on the speedways . It is also not very challenging . Pass this one by ... I wish I had !
 No matter how you play this one its a crummy cheap version of the first Spyro games . In all the races , no matter how many of the bad guys you pass , you never get past being 3rd in the races , no way to win . We had huge distortions in the game , like all of one bad guy 's nose acting like a lighthouse with it extending out across the screen where ever he looked . We hated playing this one , save your money for Sly Cooper or Ty they play better and are much more fun than this one .
 This is a terrible Playstation 2 game . One of the worst that I have encountered in a long time . Jerky screen , very , very slow loading and extremely childish , even though I think a child would lose patience with this game ... a big waste of money .
 Universal has killed our little dragon buddy ! This game is SOOOOOO SLOOOOOOW ! Spyro has lost his attitude and he is very hard to control . If you want Spryo buy all three of the PS1 games . Cost is the same and you get hours of enjoyable play . If you have a need to spend the 50 bucks , try Insomniac 's new game . So much more pleasurable . Rest in peace Spyro ...
 The play is way too slow , the graphics are the same as the PS1 Spyro games -LRB- although I HIGHLY recommend those -RRB- . Definitely NOT worth close to $ 50 . This game makes it clearly obvious that Insomniac Games , Inc. is the ONLY video game company who knows how to make a Spyro game .
 For the last 2 years I have been waiting on Spyro to come out for PS2 - well it did and what a disappointment !!!!! The camera angles are just awful - they ca n't keep up with the action . The graphics are done as if by a 3rd grader and there is n't an original idea in the whole game . It has all been taken from the previous 3 Spyro games and the worst part is that all 3 of those are far superior to the one made especially for the PS2 . Was leery when Spyro 3 came out and it was n't by Insomniac , but was pleasantly suprised - same hopes for Year of the Dragonfly - did n't pan out . If you must play this Spyro - RENT IT - DO N'T BUY IT !!!! Not a good Christmas present idea if your children are familiar with Spyro and have any game skills are all .
 I love the first 3 Spyro games -LRB- the ones done by Insomniac -RRB- . Unfortunately `` Enter the Dragonfly '' was not done by Insomniac . Although this newest Spyro adventure is on the PS2 , it looks more like a bad PS1 game . The graphics are overly simple , blocky and pop in and out . -LRB- The ground or the sky sometimes just disappear -RRB- . The frame rate -LRB- how smooth the whole thing feels -RRB- is painfully slow and the animations are poor . Do n't even ask me about the load times , they are forever.Take a minute and look around in the magazines or on line and try and find a professional review of the game , I have n't found one yet . Universal knows they 've got a stinker here and their only hope is to try and sell this game on the success of the first three Spyros before the word gets out . -LRB- Hence , lots of ads but no reviews -RRB- If you want to play some great games -LRB- from teams that know how to design a game and use the power of the PS2 -RRB- try Sly Copper or Ratchet & Clank . -LRB- Ratchet & Clank is what Insomniac did instead of making a new Spyro game -RRB- Some Spyro fans seem to be very happy with the new Spyro , but my suggestion would be to rent it first !!!!!!!!
 I was very excited about the new game.I am sorry to say that it does not hold up to the prvious three games though.I think that they over did it with the grapics and it was no where near as fun as the past games were.I found it hard to tell where some of the things you were looking for.I hope to see the game to be better next time
 I love the Spyro series . My favorite was Spyro Year of the Dragon which was perfect . When I heard Spyro was gon na be on next gen systems I was excited ! Boy ... I did not espect them to butcher the series for me.For one this game was not made by Insomniac games who are responsible for making the first 3 kickass games . That was my first sign this probably was n't gon na be as good as I want it to be . -LRB- May contain spoilers -RRB- Story
 I wish I would have rented this one first so I could have lamented spending 4 bucks as opposed to 50 bucks . The gameplay is disappointing , confusing , and difficult to control . Besiders sharper graphics , this a a big step backwards for Spyro .
 I loved the first three Spyros for the Playstation and one of the reasons I bought a PS2 was for Spyro
 I love the Spyro games , but I bought this and returned it because the glitches made it unplayable . Absolutely horrible . Do NOT waste your money . Ratchet and Clank is a terrific substitute though .
 Spyro Enter the dragonfly is the worst out of all its previous games including gameboy advance . it takes forever to load , it is difficult to control spyro , there is a lack of new characters and being able to play as different characters , like in spyro 3 . There 's only one boss in th entire game , the game is too short - it has only 9 levels , unlike the previous series - over 25 and 4 worlds . Overall , I thought that the game was easy , boring and very uncomfortable , Universal has ruined this game and its rival Crash . This game really suits playstation 1 than PS2 , yeah . . the graphics may be well developed , but the comfortability is what counts .
 well i am going to admit that i was in to spyro when it came to ps1 . whith all 3 games but after playing the demo in `` Playstation magazine '' . spyro is slow and fat . He need to loss some wait . i was expecting better than that i think they are going to be the L.A lakers with a 3 times champions sorry but they killed spyro .
 I think that perhaps there are two versions of this game out there - because there are people who say that its great , and then there are the people like me who are very disappointed . I never found Sparx , btw , he just sort of appeared at my side after the movie saying he was gone . I agree with the other reviewer who was saying how the sound gets stuck - which is really irratating.Ok
 I just finished this game , and it was a HUGE disappointment . Spyro the Dragon 1 , 2 , and 3 are my favorite games of all time . This game has all of the tasks , but none of the joy of the previous Spyro 's . I experienced dozens of bugs and freeze ups during the game . On one level , and entire rooms graphics just disappeared ! Big Spyro fans will probably buy the game anyway , but I would suggest renting for a week . The game was mercifully short , but the load times were unbearable.Overall , it feels like they pumped this thing out in time for Christmas without any Quality Assurance . Nevermind that getting a badly put together Spyro game is the saddest Christmas gift ever.If there is any justice , all involved will be fired , or worse yet , be forced to play this mess . Spyro deserves so much more !!!
 Being a big Spyro fan , I was looking forward to playing the new Spyro enter the dragonfly game . After getting the game and playing it , within a few hours i noticed so many bugs , faults and bad ploting it made me disgusted . I know the creaters are not the usual Insomniac -LRB- spelling is probably wrong -RRB- company but whoever these `` Universal Interactive '' company is , they should of paid a bit closer attention to the testing of the game before letting it out on stores . The game 's filled with crashes , freezing and invisable items that can harm you that come out of no where can be very frustrating . Not to mention the plot is very bad and there is no ending what so ever . Personaly i think it was made to get money out of the name itself and not for the quality . Sadily if Universal Interactive continue making new spyro games i will not buy them and will encourage others to not waste their money . They did such a poor job that my liking in Spyro died with the `` no ending to the game '' of `` enter the dragon fly '' . Sorry Spyro , if insomnac come back to making Spyro I 'll came back playing within a heart beat . . till then ... universal will continue killing off the cute lil dragon as we know .
 Well , my wife and I have been huge Spyro fans since he first arrived on PS1 . We were very excited to discover he was returning for PS2 . Playing the game itself , however , led to huge dissappointment . This game is poorly made , with looong load times , graphics that slow down then speed up erratically , making for verey frustrating gameplay , and more than once , the game froze up entirely . I had hoped my copy was simpy screwy , but subsequent copies have proved just as bad . If you truly enjoy Spyro , stick with the first three for PS1 , because this game offers nothing . Very dissappointing .
 Overall : I received Enter the Dragonfly as a Christmas present after being a huge Spyro fan for many years -LRB- Spyro the Dragon was my first video game and I have played it several times over the years -RRB- . I am not a picky video game player ... I can tolerate a few glitches or bad graphics with ease.Keeping this in mind , you will know that I am being completely honest in saying that the fourth Spyro is a huge disappointment , especially if you 've been playing since game one . Here are just a few reasons why -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- : # 1 . The graphics . The scenery in this game is beautiful , yet somehow your eyes will hurt after playing for twenty minutes . The characters are `` 3D '' -LRB- blobbier -RRB- and have strange movements -LRB- which may serve as one reason -RRB- . The best way I can describe the camera is `` blurry '' ... you ca n't even read the characters ' dialogue , even with 20/20 vision . Whenever you attempt anything other than walking straight , be it flaming baskets , charging -LRB- Spyro says `` YEOUCH '' when you run into something -RRB- , gliding , or turning directions while WALKING , the game will slow down in order to account for the graphic overload . The creators tried to make the graphics better , but what 's the point if it disrupts gameplay ? I 'll take the first game 's lack of eccentric detail , thanks . # 2 . The story . Ripto 's alive ? I watched him fall into a huge lava lake and DIE !!! # 3 . The gameplay . The best word to describe this game is `` frustrating '' . In the beginning it is said that the dragonflies that you are supposed to capture are `` shy '' , yet they taunt you as they fly away while you struggle to trap them in a bubble.It took me 35 minutes to wait for the Dragonfly Dojo on level I to load.I was lost trying to find my way around the different levels . They 're too big and complicated . There are too many alternative passages . # 4 . The controls . The controls are probably the worst part of this game . Spyro 's actions are delayed and awkward . There is no way to tell where the edges of cliffs are -LRB- the edges that you see are misleading -RRB- , especially when gliding . Do n't be surprised if Spyro charges down into nothingness when you try and hover , somehow the game tends to mistake hovering for charging -LRB- quite an inconvience -RRB- . Spyro 's flames and bubbles are not effective , you 'll try about ten times to capture a dragonfly directly in front of you to no avail . The music -LRB- although absolutely fantastic -RRB- will do little to soothe your frazzled nerves . ** If you are wanting to purchase a Spyro game , please buy the first , second , or third . The fourth is absolute garbage .
 I do n't know about everybody else , but when I play a game , i like to feel rewarded at the end for my hard work . With the other spyro games , you got an extra secret level to play at the end . At end of Enter the Dragonfly , you get nothing . I felt so screwed at the end . I feel like other gamers were right , this game feels unfinished and totally lacked any creativity . A total disappointment . I wish I 'd never finished it .
 I loved Spyro on PS1 and I could n't wait to get a PS2 to play Enter the Dragonfly . Well , I got it on day and I hated the graphics and dialouge . I thought the worlds were coool , but not that much fun . I also did n't like how Spyro looked when her moved . It looked so bad and fake . I could n't wait for a new Spyro to come out after I played Enter the Dragonfly .
 This game has so many clitches it is unbelievable they actually released it . The game locks up , the graphics are slow , Spyro has a lag time when given commands . Noises stick too . The atlas information is so blurry I ca n't make out some of the things . I have had to walk through portal or gates several times to get them to activate . Loading time is ridiculous . There is no indication of which portals lead where . Over all this game is awful but because you spend fifty bucks on it you feel the need to play it or be ripped off . Actually I just feel ripped off period.The other Spyro games are much better than this . The creators have loaded the game with so many unneccesary graphics -LRB- like glitzy rings on speed ways and starry and glittery air tunnels -RRB- . You almost think you will have a seizure if you watch too long . It would take forever to list the things wrong . I would suggest not to buy it . But if you are an avid Spyro fan like myself you will not listen . See for yourself then -LRB- like I had too -RRB- . I just wanted to warn you
 Yes . Loading . Like CB
 I rented this game for a week before I bought it , even though I 'm a huge fan of the series , because I was skeptical of what Universal might have done to it . I got tired of it in a little over two hours.The Cons
 Spyro Enter the Dragonfly is the worst out of all its previous releases , including gameboy advance games -LRB- Spyro Season of Ice and Fire -RRB- . It takes ` forever ' to load , it is difficult to control spyro , there is a lack of new characters and being able to play as different characters , like in spyro 3 . There 's only one boss in th entire game , the game is too short - it has only 9 levels and 1 world , unlike the previous series - over 25 and 4 worlds . Overall , I thought that the game was easy , boring and very predictable . Universal has ruined this game and its rival Crash Bandicoot -LRB- Wrath of Cortex -RRB- . This game really suits PS1 rather than PS2 , yeah . . The graphics may be well developed , but the playability is what counts . Now here is a note of warning
 This is the glitchiest , messiest , most unpolished , unfinished and utterly unprofessional game I 've ever played . I 'm not kidding.The framerate is terrible -LRB- This things slows down to 12 fps A LOT -RRB- , the graphics pop in and out and it 's just not anywhere near the quality of the previous 3 Spyro games on the PS1 , either technically or artistically.I ca n't believe they 've made such a mess of the Spyro series . I 'm sure diehard Spyro fans will just go out and buy it anyway , but if you look on the back of the packaging , you 'll notice something missing from it . There is no Insomniac games logo . Insomniac created the original 3 Spyro games on the PS1 and did n't have anything to do with this awful version . Huge shame.If you want to remember Spyro as a fun , good-looking , classic platform game , then do n't buy this sad version . Just play the original 3 again and enjoy them.If you want to remember Spyro as an awful , funless mess with huge load times , choppy animation and ponderously dull levels , then buy this game . You 'll feel cheated and sorry . Spyro 's magic is gone now , perhaps forever.If you want to see where the magic went , buy Insomniac 's Ratchet and Clank instead . This is the real Spyro 4 in my book .
 What 's wrong with this game ? Let me count the ways ... 1 . Speed . Dropping gems fall so slowly they look like they ` reon the moon , and Spyro himself is running on two cylinders anda flat . -LRB- and , considering the controls , a half dozen beers -RRB- .2 . Controls . They just do n't feel right , but this could bepartly due to the speed issue . Jumping is annoying , andhovering is quite difficult . It 's hard to steer during acharge , and the camera gets in the way .3 . Sound and graphics . Some of the sound is pretty nice , suchas near waterfalls , but overall it is marred by flaws . Forexample , the charging sound effect lingers even after the chargeends , and smashed non-flammable bottles are n't always heard.On multiple occasions , the camera got into an angle thatcaused background and environmental graphics to disappear , and once the models for some of the monsters became messed up , causing great big spikes to protrude completely through them.Some of the effects are pretty , tho4 . Characters and interaction . No real complaints with thevoice acting , except that Ripto sounds like Brak 's dad from theBrak Show and Spyro 's actor mispronounces a dragonfly 's name.Spyro seems to be extra-dumb -LRB- maybe he 's drugged -- thiswould explain the slowness -RRB- , beyond that which is necessaryto let the other characters explain gameplay to newplayers . -LRB- And Sparx 's lines do n't help -- he 's just plainabusive -RRB- . So , to summarize , do n't bother with this game.Get Year of the Dragon instead . This is not a worthysuccessor to the PSX games .
 Got the game for my sister . Very disappointed as the game is unbelievably buggy . Ca n't beat game.because different breaths in game dont work even after doing what is needed to achieve them . Waste of money . Do not buy !
 Got this game for my birthday and was thrilled because it is two player and my sibling and I love to play together but honestly this game could be beaten in 24 hours . It 's that short . The villans are unimaginative . Just big golems made of rock , lava , or grass . THAT 'S IT . Absolutely nothing in the way of creativity . We laughed till we cried at the cutscenes where The main villan `` Malefor '' was talking because you literally can not understand a word he says . I understand wanting to give a villan a deep and menacing voice but and illegible one ? come on now . Most of the game is spent looking at lava and brimstone . There 's hardly any scenery besides . Overall it 's a short and pathetic game one I will never play again . I did n't w aste any money on it and neither should you but if you already did , Do n't fret . I 'm going to give you some Cheats that will make this game only `` Semi awful . '' instead of a disgrace to videogaming . DO N'T READ ON IF YOU DO N'T LIKE CHEATS . I found this online and verified it myself being a skeptic.For Unlimited life do the following.pause the gameHold L1Use the analog stick -LRB- While holding L1 -RRB- and push it right , right , down , down , left.unpauseNow you ca n't be hurt no matter how many times you 're hit . Have fun if you possibly can .
 spyros latest installment enter the dragonfly is not developed by insomniac and now theres a terrible result of a game because of that . its all too disappointing the game is bland and dull featuring a vareity of horribly crafted color and a pukeworthy storyline . it opens up at a party outside the castle . the younger dragons are going to be given dragonf7lies . but ripto arrives and steals them all . weve seen this done like 65 times before in a platform game and its getting pretty boring . plus mechanical problems you name em this game has them a-z . the glitches are very bad youll have unbelivabely stressful moments trying to get the controller work propery . sometimes youll even squeeze the thing because it pauses automaticly on random occasins adleast with me . the framerate is terrible too sometimes spyro will charge and hell stop for no reason and the camera will zoom in on you and stop the charge . the collect em all objectives are getting more frustrating . and the stupid breath attacks are usless and add nothing to the game . the music is a bunch of soft child freindly trash each portal has a lulavbying gling to the sound . and dont even say load this game takes forever to load . youll sit there helplessy bored out of your mind . its like the waiting room experince in a ps2 game and ocassionly it will freeze up causing you to lose your progress unless you saved the game prior to the event . everything feels so slow and choppy . if youre an adult and have kids that are thirsting for games get this . but as far all the rest of us enter the dragonfly is no option . try rachet and clank or jak and daxter as both are many times better than this game .
 ive always been a big fan of spyro . featuring solid graphics cool challenges a vareity of well made charachters and all the proper tools and adjustments needed those games played well . and even though there easy to beat there all out fun and hours of entertainment . its a shame spyros latest aventure spyro enter the dragonfly is a rushed cot of bull from the ulta junk ... manafactuer check six games . this game isnt hours of entertainment youll blaze trough it in 3 hours . and its replay value is so weak youll smash the cd in a matter of weeks . the game has so many problems there will be a platform and im trying to jump on a bridge and spyro just falls down . spyro is unbelivabaly sluggish and the controls are so unresponsive youd stop playing for that reason alone . the glitches are very bad sometimes youll see a huge line coming out of a bad guy . the framerate is terrible everything looks so choppy . and the game takes longer to load than any other ive played . youll sit there staring at the screen for like 2 minutes . the controls once again are terrible spyro can jump like an inch . the controls the glitches the load times these are all problems that interfere with an already bad game . nothing good is here just a few breaths attacks and new veichles . theres no improvement in the grapphics and you wont enjoy any of the stupid characthers . when you take out all the objectives of all the games items youre just about left with an endless search for gems and dragonflies . the plot is like any other a villan steals something its ripto stealing the dragonflies in this game . overall this is a weak game you wont be happy at all the half arsed plot weak animations glitches control issues load times etc. and what you have left is an awful game with cheap worthless platforming tactics and no ending . stay away youll be very disappointed by the lack of qaulity youll find everywhere .
 iam a huge fan of spyro always have been . with funny bright characthers good humor loads of festiviities and unbelivably fun gameplay . plus a vareity of unique and unsurpassed realms to explore . it clearly defines success . and is easily one of the top 5 platform series avilabale on playstation . as a result many belive enter the dragonfly spyros latest installment for the playstation2 game console would be as well not the case . under the ownership of check six games . another brand has got the opurtunity to label there name with the wonderful series . being poor excutors they took the opurtunity to smash this series into the ground . enter the drgonfly isnt one of those games that only have minor setbacks that would make some gamers upset . its lack and poor exucution is all to obvious and would even make young players bored . it all unravels at a party where some of the younger dragons are gon na be paired up with dragonflies . suddenly ripto who was already beaten in the second spyro game appears . he waves his wand and the dragonflies just disappear . now i dont need a really excellent storyline in a game . but this one is just downright pathetic . it clearly dident take them any time to think of this plot . and the idea of them bringing ripto back in shows there lack of creativity and motivation . at first glance the game looks pretty good . then you start moving and it looks downright awful . spyros incredibly choppy and hard to manuever the controllers are just terrible . sometimes ill approach a ledge from another ledge . when spyro jumps he can barely move and often he just falls straight down . the controllers are horrifying and getting spyro to move smoothly if not impossible is quite a chore . also the animations charachter designs background detail etcetra is terrible its like gameboy color qaulity on playstation2 . not to metion the load times there terrible spyro is moving so slow . it takes like two minutes to load this haul of junk . and by the time it loads you dont even feel like playing anymore . theres also a lot of glitches and childish dreadful sound effects . hearing the dumb dragonflies buzz and taunt you as you trie to capture them . or the stupid worthless noizes coming from charachters which are also quite lame . the glitches are annoying too and make the game look quite poor . sometimes its hard to resume the game . you could run trough a wall . or even smash an enemy without even knowing it . the game is also flooded with gems . and especially when youre in dark levels such as theives den or crop circle country . collecting gems in a dark place where you can barely see . and youre collecting and collecting . this can even be depressing and is no way no how a pleasurabale gameplay experince . the additions are the new breath abilities spyro can now spit eletricity snow or bubbles for catching dragonflies . but a few breath abilities isnt going to do it especially when stacked up to the games problems . another thing they added are the vareity of veichles tanks airplanes but this is just a simple addition and wont excite you for longer than 10 minutes . overall enter the dragonfly is poor . the controllers are endless everytime you fall down a ledge or a hill it makes you crazy . the sound effects are a headache the plot really makes no sense the music is repetive . and the awful sounds whistles quirks dances etc from the charachters is annoying . the controller always messes up on you and that with the long load times and the constant non stop collecting . its enough to drive you mad and with all this irritating crap youy say thats it im not gon na play anymore . get rachet and clank from insomniac the developers of the original spyro games . if youre a spyro fan you will enjoy this more than enter the dragonfly .
 I personnaly own the first three Spyros , but I rented Enter the Dragonfly . This is a PS2 game which makes it different from the playstation games . The graphics are strange and so is the plot . There is n't as much to do in Enter the Dragonfly . I have n't played in awhile so my review is n't crystal clear . There are some neat things about this game though ; there 's new `` weapons '' and characters . Before you totally overlook this game , rent it , see if it 's worth you 're money to buy it , who knows , you may like it , my disgusting brother did . The down side to that is he has terrible taste ! In my opinion he does at least . But all in all it 's really not a bad game , so give it a chance first !
 I 'm sorry to have to concur with other reviews I 've seen here - I only wish I 'd read them before I bought the game . I could make a sandwich in the time it takes to load the game , or warp between realms . The graphics and character movement ? Choppy & non-responsive , if the game does n't freeze up in the interim -- it 's incredibly annoying . I 'm going back to Ripto 's Rage so I can recall what drew me to the Spyro arena in the first place .
 Unfortunately , you may have to actually play this game to believe how bad it is , like I did . Please do yourself a favor and rent it to save your sanity . Spyro has lost it 's heart , from it 's canned , awful dialog , to it 's glitchy game play . A tragic end to the trust in the quality of the Spyro games .
 I have purchased every Spyro game that has been released ... this one is awful . Yea , okay , the premiss is the same , but this is the shortest game I have every played . I dont think I can express my disappointment with this game and the lack of worlds . I mean , after playing it for a few hours one evening I found out that I was already 25 % finished . Thats not even close to providing a product worthy of the stiff price . Loading takes _ forever _ . I mean , every time you change worlds literally takes about 5 minutes . If you are a diehard Spyro fan and just need a fix well , buy it but please do n't expect much , or you 'll be sorely disappointed .
 I love Insomniac Games -LRB- the first three Spyro & Ratchet & Clank -RRB- and unfortunately , this game does n't stack up . There were a lot of problems with the game .
 There are bugs in the programming that cause freeze ups , parts of the worlds temporarily disappear , and it 's so choppy at times that play is next to impossible . The concept is great , the places and tasks are fun , though a bit simple . I really hope Vivendi Universal can fix the bugs and recall the game so we can play what could be a fun game .
 I anxiously awaited this release , as I loved the first 3 Spyro games . Alas , I was sorely disappointed .1 . The load times are excruciating - the first time I loaded the game I thought it had frozen on me .2 . Are there really only 9 levels , plus the boss ? I expected more than 15 hours of gameplay .3 . Some of the graphics are beautiful , but on several levels there is stuttering .4 . Glitches , glitches , glitches . In the dojo level my conversations ended up being one person behind . In the Thief 's Den it says I did n't capture a dragonfly that I did -LRB- and now I will never be able to complete the game 100 % -RRB- . Darn thing even froze on me in the UFO level . I ca n't even list of all the problems I had in Jurassic Jungle . It amazes me that Sony allowed this to be released .5 . Camera - this has a tendency to get hung up behind objects so you ca n't see where you are until it decides to swing around behind you again -LRB- which takes a while -RRB- . It will also sometimes just wander off on its own .6 . Sound - several times I would get the sound of a vase breaking when I was nowhere near one . Also , the music just stopped in several levels.If this game was not a sequel to a series we all know and love , it probably would n't be too bad , however , we have come to expect so much more from Spyro . I think we should get a court order to give custody of Spyro back to Insomniac and hope this release did n't kill Spyro forever .
 And we 're not talking dragonflies ! I do n't think they beta tested this game at all . Unlike the PS1 games , this one is loaded with flaws.I have only explored 2 worlds besides the main world and the game has frozen twice , the sound has vanished , and some monsters weapons extend beyond the horizon and through walls.Annoyances : You have to hear the name of each dragonfly you catch , and Spyro always says `` Hey it 's : ... '' -LRB- could be a tad more diverse -RRB- Ca n't skip intro production credits.Load times take far too long.There should be an option to turn off the auto help . I dont want to be stopped constantly in the early levels and be told how to do something I know how to from previous games . If this is your first Spyro game , then turn that on.Lastly , it plays slow.I give it 2 stars because when you do get a chance to play , it is fun , and brings back the enjoyment of the previous games , but it is too painful to play.Nice new features include new breath weapons.Some well thought out puzzles.The game could have been a lot better . If this is your first Spyro experience , you probably wont be as dissapointed -LRB- except for the bugs -RRB- . Rent it , see if you like/tolerate it .
 They have really gotten away from the fun game I started playing years ago . It 's turned into some horrible war game that has way too much fighting . What has happened to Sparks ?? Does he not help out or is he just a side kick with a lame attempt at humor throughout the game . The game is so dark now , I hate it . My son was playing the game and says that there are scenes taken directly from Gods of War . What a shame . If this is the future of this game , I will consider it my last . Save your money . Does everything , games , have to be about war ???
 I grew up on Spyro . Little eight year old me would come home every day and hurry upstairs so she could play her PS1 and be a dragon for a few hours until bedtime . When the PS2 came out and I saw how polished the graphics were , I was so excited ! Doubly so when I began seeing commercials for a brand new Spyro game , polished graphics and all . To this day , I am still full of disappointment.Visually and in theory this game was a great idea . The worlds are gorgeous , especially the Thieves Den.Your goal is to collect the dragonflies that Ripto has accidentally scattered through the realms via a spell backfire . These dragonflies are needed for the rite of passage for the young dragons Spyro has recently freed from the Sorceress , where they will be partnered together forever.Oh , glitches , how do I list the ways ? - Gems from fallen enemies will disappear through the ground , causing you to not be able to collect them . - Load times are painfully long . When you go into a new level , you have to wait about three minutes before you arrive . - Even when you attack enemies with your breath abilities , it does n't always register . - There 's some sort of depth perception issue when you try to do the platform jumping mini-game in Crop Circle Country . - In one of the tunnels in Luau Island , the level will disappear , leaving you stuck in the tunnel with nowhere to go . - Bubble breath has a tendency to not work , even when you have a dragonfly cornered . - When you enter Ripto 's Arena , you are given no direction as to what to do , simply thrust into battle . - I have multiple glitches in Cloud 9 . - Occasionally when I try to enter a challenge portal , I get stuck in it . - Although not necessarily a bad glitch , sometimes you can jump right through a breath-gate without having aquired that breath ability , and play through the levels without a problem.I 'm sure there are several more I 'm forgetting ; this game is overflowing with glitches , so much that they overpower the general fun of gameplay . Honestly , though , if you can get it for a couple of bucks it 's worth it just to have every Spyro game in your collection .
 I really liked the old games , but this one had too many glitches and was too short . . only took me an afternoon to finish it . Only thing I can say good about it is that it 's better than the two games they put out after it -LRB- a new beginning and eternal night -RRB- . . I like the old way of wondering around whereever you want and having to figure out lots of little puzzles . . linear playing is just too structured .
 I had read that this game was not up the usual high standards of the Spyro series . But , being a big Spyro fan , I decided to give it a chance . Well I should have listened to the bad reviews because this game is very much inferior to the other Spyros I have played - `` A Hero 's Tail '' for the PS2 and all of the Spyro PS1 games.The load time for being transported to different worlds is way too long and the game itself is way too short . The challenges are less fun , movement is sluggish and there are several `` glitchs '' that caused the game to stop and forced me to start again . Overall it is just a very poorly designed game . Apparently the folks at Universal Interactive are no match for the people at Insomniac . The only bright side is that the game does still contain the same basic elements of play - collect gems and dragonflys to achieve 100 % completion . But I would only recommend this to be the biggest Spyro fans who have already played the other Spyro games and even then you are likely to be disappointed .
 I did n't even buy this game , I rented it from my friend . Let me say it plain , after Insomniac sold the rights to Spyro , it 's over . Just , no . Ripto fell in lava . He DIED . That means , he should n't be in the dragon realms . Secondly , after a certain number of games , you just have to accept it and let it go . Vivendi Universal can only regurgitate this `` Go through portals and collect all of the -LSB- insert something here -RSB- `` When I was eight I got hooked on Spyro 1 , playing the same level over and over in the playstation store . My first game for my PS1 was Spyro
 When I heard a new spyro game was out , I happily rented it . When I entered it into my PS2 , I quickly noticed that this game was not made by Insomniac -LRB- My favorite video game creators . -RRB- I assumed that I may still like this game . Well , I was 100 % wrong ! Why ? 1 -RRB- They have Ripto return after you defeated him in the first game . 2 -RRB- Graphics that make it look like the worlds are made of paper , and 3 -RRB- The glitches . I then thought , The perfect spyro series has been ruined . So , instead of buying this awful , and stupid game , play the PS1 spyro games . Sadly , this is the worst game I have ever and always will be , other than any PS2 spyro game . Bye .
 I 've been a huge fan of Spyro the Dragon for many years . This is the first release of Spyro for the PS2 , and is made by a new company.I had heard many poor reviews about Spyro in the hands of this new company . It was made by Universal Interactive instead of Insomniac , who wrote the old Spyro games . I still have my older Spyro games so I played them side by side to see just what the difference was.First , yes the graphics are better . I would hope so ! The other games are from 2000 and before , and were for the Playstation -LRB- not the PS2 -RRB- . So in this new version the baskets , for example , are very pretty with their weave and decoration . The water ripples when Spyro runs through it , the grasses in the water wave . Even so , curved surfaces are n't as smooth and clean as in other current games , such as FFX and Kingdom Hearts.Graphics do not make a game , though , and we found the new Spyro gameplay to be ... sluggish . In the other Spyros you feel like you have an energetic kitten on your hands , one that jumps and springs and moves quickly . In this new Spyro , it 's more like a baby elephant lumbering along . The sounds do n't seem to match up well with screen actions , either . There are often delays between when an action occurs and the sound kicks in.Even worse , though , are the serious coding errors evident . I 'm a programmer by profession so I know it can be tough to make a game perfect . However , this game did n't seem to get even simple testing done before it was released ! There were NUMEROUS problems with drawing glitches on the screen , causing giant polygons to block our view . And when we tried to play through the display problems , it crashed . Repeatedly.I really wanted the game to work well . The plot of ` the dragonflies have been stolen ' seemed fun . You got to have bubble breath to capture them , and lightning breath for other tasks . There were the usual gem collecting and fun enemies . But with the sluggy gameplay and the continual crashes , it becomes very tiring very quickly . Rent this one first to see if your love of Spyro is enough to overcome those obstacles .
 I own the first 3 Spyros & love them to bits . . this is like a beta-version of a platform game ! RENT THIS GAME FIRST . . that is a warning , you will spend way too much money if you buy this . I am still shocked at the low quality & GLARING software bugs in this Spyro game . . I really am just stunned .
 As a big fan of the first three spyros , I got this one hoping it would live up to the fun of the first three . Unfortunately , it did n't . The nitpicks
 sorta.The quick summary is `` unfinished , rather buggy and far too short '' . Especially compared to the first three , which I loved.I 100 % completed the game in about 8 hours , and I 'm not a particularly good player . Given that the game has very little replay value ... it 's just not worth the money . It 'd probably be OK as a rental . -LRB- I find myself saying that a lot lately -- maybe I should take the hint ? -RRB- The in-game camera is n't so hot . It 's a lot better than most , but it occasionally got stuck -LRB- trying to control Spyro `` by remote control 30 feet away '' is n't much fun -RRB- and had this occasional tendency to spin around in a full circle.The framerate takes a serious hit when there are a lot of active monsters or dragonflies on the level . One level in particular -LRB- Cloud 9 , which is mostly wide-open space -RRB- had really bad problems , and the game even froze a few times while I was playing that level . This level also revealed some very painful clipping issues -LRB- trying to make a long glide to some hidden gems required repeating ~ 1/2 the level time after time , as I kept hitting some invisible thing or other and falling ... -RRB- Speaking of which , there 's a serious lack of `` Zoe '' in-level save points . There are usually two , one about 1/3 of the way into the level and the other about 1/2 . So , if you screw up on the last half of the level ... yep , you get to repeat at least 1/2 the level . This makes exploring the levels no fun at all , since if you fall off somewhere you have to start way back at the middle.The controls seem awkward and caused a lot of frustration . Spyro ca n't recover from touching something while he 's flying -LRB- as I recall he could start flying again in the previous games unless he ran smack right into an object -RRB- and using the hover button also totally kills his ability to fly . Hover also seems to kill 99.9 % of his forward momentum -- a big change from the previous games , and I regularly missed jumps by undershooting.The monsters are incredibly wimpy . I never got killed by any of them -LRB- heck , I may never have even gotten hit by any of them -RRB- . Except for the boss , of course ; he was n't horribly hard , but I think missiles that follow you around is almost bordering on cheating -LRB- and he could fire faster than Spyro could recover from a stun , so depending on exactly where you were when you were hit it would be certain death -RRB- . I did n't run into any truly serious bugs but I 'm sure there are several , as I saw a plethora of minor problems . That , the framerate issues , lack of in-game movies -LRB- there 's exactly one besides the intro and ending movies and it 's _ totally _ out of place -RRB- , and the shortness of the game basically scream `` it was n't anywhere near finished but we shipped it anyway '' . There 's several minigames , most of which are fun to play -LRB- and some are quite creative -RRB- , but I found only a couple of them were worth playing more than once . The races were surprisingly easy compared to the first three games , not a huge problem but again disappointing.The level portals are n't named , and they look identical for the most part . Annoying as all get out -- especially if you want to go back to a particular minigame or sublevel.Let 's see , something nice to say ... I thought the graphics were pretty good , and the in-game voices were fine ... of what we heard of them , as there was very little interaction with other characters in the game . -LRB- Moneybags makes a single token appearance , Zoe has one thing to say , and ditto for the other characters . Hunter shows up 3-4 times I think , the most of any of the other characters . -RRB- I 'll give it two stars because I actually bothered to finish it , but it really was n't that good and certainly was n't worth the money . I suggest renting it instead .
 I was a huge fan of Spyro and could n't wait to get this latest addition , but after playing for a while , I found it to be a huge disappointment . Do n't waste your money on this one . The original creators of Spyro were not in on this one and it is so blatantly obvious . Universal Interactive should be ashamed of this attempt at what they call a game . Insomniac originally created Spyro and they did an amazing job . Universal 's Spyro has too many glitches and flaws to list , not to mention the game is drastically shorter than the first three . If you want a great game , try Insomniac 's latest creation for the PS2 , `` Ratchet and CLank . '' It is where the latest Spryo should 've been with amazing graphics , countless challenges and breathtaking worlds to visit . Spend your money on that one , not Spyro . If you must try Spyro , rent it . You can finish this Spyro before it has to be returned !
 This game is very disapointing ! I waited 2 months to get this for my birthday . The camera veiw frustrates me so bad . There are n't a lot of little tasks to complete . There is only 1 world and only 9 levels . It takes forever to load . The game has so much stuff on it that it sometimes freezes up . Other wise they graphics are at thier best . There are small mini worlds that have new things to ride -LRB- ufos , tanks , airplanes , and more -RRB- . You go into levels and find magical stones that let you get new breathes -LRB- bubble , ice , electric -RRB- and you even can block . If you have a child who gets frustrated easily this is n't their game . The other Spyro games are greater than this one . This is the only one that is barely worth your money.Dragonflies are the source of every Dragon 's power , so they are vital to the continued exsistence of these great and powerful creatures . Spyro story begins at the conclusion of the `` Year of the Dragon '' festival , an important coming-of-age event for young Dragons . During this festival , adolescent Dragons are given Dragonfly companions , who will help them as they develop into fully grown Dragons . During the joyous and peaceful festival , things suddenly go wrong , With a flash of lightning and a clap of thunder , a magical portal appears . Out of the portal steps the evil wizard Ripto , Spyro 's longtime nemesis ! Ripto unveils his nefarious plot
 Hey all , I just called the customer service number that came with the game , and they apparently are issuing full refunds for the purchase price of the game now :-RRB- Just return the game with a copy of the sales reciept , no questions asked . Also , they said they 're working on a replacement cd that will be ready middle of 2003 -LRB- though I wonder if that will be enough time to work out all the bugs.Next time , Universal , I hope you can get it right .
 I 've only been playing for about 6 hours , but I can already tell how awful it is , I ca n't believe it 's from the same team as the other Spyro 's . The most annoying problem so far is the very low frame rate , at times it drops below 10 fps , very jerky . That is the real killer . I 've also ran across 3 bugs , one time after getting killed after going thru a `` trial portal '' I came back to life with the special portal ammo permanently ! The graphics are very glitchy , and the sounds effects sound like they were `` sampled '' from the original games -LRB- in other words , poor , low fidelity copies -RRB- . I 'm considering giving up on the ps2 version and hoping that the gamecube version will at least be playable . The whole things smacks of someone getting a Spyro `` license '' and hacking on the code to produce a cheap knock off . I 'd be embarassed to have my name in the credits of this game !
 Yikes . Could this be any worse ? For one , the frame rate is horrible and definitely not nearly on par with the previous three games , which , for the previous reviewer , were made by Insomniac Games , not by the company who produced -LRB- or shall we say butchered ? -RRB- this game.If you 're a fan of Insomniac 's genius , check out their newest game Ratchet & Clank . This blows even the good Spyro games away !
 -LRB- I ca n't tell you how many times i 've had to edit this review -RRB- This game has killed the spyro series . Let me tell you why : STORY : Recycled from the last 3 games . Ripto is alive for reasons unexplained , and he wants the dragonflies . He scatters them across the land , and Spyro must find them.MUSIC : The best part of the game . The music is , as always , done by Stewart Copeland of the Police . The music in Spyro games has always been good.CONTROLS : Here 's where things get nasty . The controls in this game are god awful . Spyro 's movement is clunky . The gliding is the worst part . Do n't be surprised if Spyro slides off an edge that was a clear landing and falls to his death . Sometimes Spyro will headbutt instead of hover , sending him plummeting to his death . The Gamecube version is even worse.GRAPHICS : Ick . The PS1 Spyro games had better graphics ! They just ripped the characters from old Spyro games and gave them awful shades . In the first 3 Spyro games , the backgrounds were cool and gave you an idea of the area you were in . The backgrounds this time are boring . There 's no mountains , hills , water or anything in the background . Hell , there are n't even clouds ! It usually consists of one or two colors.GAMEPLAY : Tedious is the first word that comes to my mind . Yes , i 've beat this before , and i 'm not proud . First , there 's the painfully slow loading times . When you traverse from one level to another , you might want to grab something to drink , because you 'll be waiting a while . You get three types of breath
 - Why only 2 stars : I greedily bought and played this game the day it came out . I wipped through it in one weekend and never picked it up again . It just did n't lure you in like most great games.-Gameplay : You start out in a home world which has 9 other levels you can explore from there . Spyro must explore these levels to rescue dragonflies that are lost . You can drive around vehicles such as submarines , tanks , and UFOs . In addition to breathing fire you have freezing , electric , and bubble breath aswell . The graphics are amazing but they begin to get boring . Everything appears smooth and untouched . Running around and doing your dragon thing becomes routine and once you beat the game there is no reason to get 100 % completed except for self praise . There are no bonus levels or special features.-Who should play : I would reccomend this game to a beggining gamer . They might enjoy the simple story line and easy gameplay .
 This Spyro game had everyone excited , but when it finally came out , it sucked . The game looks great and it has new features , but that does n't make up for all the problems with it . It 's gameplay is slow , and the storyline is for a 5 year old . With this game , Spyro lost all his attitude . In my point of view , the developers did n't even try on this one .
 ... is absolutely correct , folks . Do n't bother buying this . Seriously . I LOVED Spyro . I really did . 1 , 2 , and 3 for the PS1 were totally awesome . Granted , the character graphics were just a little too polygon-based in the end , where PS1 games were starting to get a little more polish before the PS2 was released , but by Spyro
 spyro enter the dragonfly is a very poor followup to the hugely succesful line of greatest hits known as the spyro series . it just lacks so much . one of my favirote things about spyro games was that spyro could glide gracefully and high trough the lands . this game has completely taken that away from me . god spyro is so fat and slow the way i would describe the controls is inactive . picking up spyro during the game is very difficult . youll have to press the x button hard first of all . spyro is barely moveable and can jump like a few inches above the ground . easy things like jumping from here to there will be frustrating efforts for gamers because the controls and spyro are so slow and barely move . whatever happened to spyro whose premeir demonstration of excitement was gracing high above the sky and landing smoothly . well this game totally like you wouldent beleive destroys that concept . aside from that horrible disappointment serveral huge glitches can all be found in this game . ill try to enter one of the portals and sometimes it will even freeze up causing you to shut off your ps2 system and redo all of your current work . the game is so glitchy and the characthers look very bad . some dont even make eye contact with spyro and rather look around there shoulders while talking to him . the game sounds and looks very poor the glitchy controls are really bad too youll fall down a ledge run off a speedway course or even run right trough a wall and i gaurantee you its 100 percent the controllers fault . the game is so sloppy and6 average with all there ideas . in one portal called honey marsh spyro will be running across comb platforms and because of the bad controls he will fall in honey and die . die die in honey thats ridicolus how can you die because of honey . its all just put togheter so poorly that there not even thinking about what theyre putting toghether . the load times are longer than they have to be . and the gameplay the most important element in video games is also complete garbage here . this game didnt even try to be creative with theyre ideas . you still collect gems but whats worse is the amount of gems you collect . youll come across 600-1000 gems thats right 600-1000 gems in each portal . and there harder to collect because your good buddy sparx also gained some weight and cant help you the way he used to . all you get out of this is a few breath abilities ice fire and bubbles oh big deal who cares its almost never practical and far too worthless to be considered fun unless your under 10 years old . the minigames in this game are so unbearable to sit trough everything is so much more like a chore rather than a task . the minigames do offer a wide vareity of chalenges though and include driving tanks piloting airplanes solving puzzles or tying to beat dragonfly challenges . all minigames offer a dragonfly after theyre completed . but still this is quite dull nothings really fun it all seems to shallow and obvious . the graphics are choppy theres less to do because there are fewer levels in the game . you could easily get past the game in 5 hours . now heres the storyline which is probally the second worst only to the horrible controllers . ripto returns and scatters all the dragonflies across the land . the dragonflies are supposed to be the loyal compaion capabale of protecting dragons . and yet when you try to capture them they9 run away . ill tell you no matter how you look at it this is not as good as the other spyro games . and it is not worthy of your attention everything was a chore not a task and it lacked fun . this is the worst spyro game and onee of the worst games of 2002 .
 This game is one of the worst games that I have ever tried . When my friend went to his hometown for the weekend , he lent me the ps2 , lending me GTA VC and Spyro
 By the name of the holy lord , I love Spyro . But this game was very terrible . The graphics suck , the screen is glitchy , stupid charachters , and too short ! I can not believe that a series so good could end up with a game soooo bad ! My personal favorite would be Spyro the Dragon back then the graphics were great ! But this game , for it 's time has terrible graphics , crappy camera , and terrible voice acting . If you want real games , check out the other Spyro games .
 Loved Spyro , in all the previous forms . While the graphics are pretty , they come at the expense of game play . First , the game is EASY ! Riptoc 's revenge had many tricky puzzles and skill challenges that kept the game interesting for all ages . If any of the bad guys kill you in this game , you probably forgot to hit pause . Also , 45 second loads between screens ! And there appear to be at least three bugs in the game , where you are racing the bad guys , and go from fourth , to third , to third , to third ... ca n't win and therefore will not be able to finish the game ??? All in all , it is intersting to play a new spyro game , but the flaws are colossal . Finish it and break out one of the PS1 games .
 Actually this is n't from the same team who did the original Spyro games on the PS1 . This one is developed by Universal Interactive.The original Spyro games on the PS1 were done by Insomniac Games . Insomniac 's new game is Ratchet & Clank . You may want to check it out.So now Insomniac is competing against its original creation - ironic , is n't it ?
 My daughter rented it , and I 've been playing it with her some . It 's pretty awful -- maybe half a notch up from shovelware.One specific point
 why is rypto in this you kill him on spyro 2 riptos rage well ill just let this one slip after all you kill ripto like 3 times on spyro 2 but the graphics are like vegie tales graphics and riptos mouth was big and his septer looks like a disco ball and dont you think ripto isnt a real evil villan like gnasty gnorc or the wich that looks like a dinosaur i really dont know how spell her name and its hard
 This game is a total waste of money . It features horrible graphics , horrible storylines , cheesy characters , and it lacks the challenge that the other Spyro games possess . I beat this game in a mere 45 minutes . There are only 8 or 9 levels , and the main plot to the game is to catch bugs . BUGS ! Plus , I beat the final boss Ripto on my first try . If you are a fan of Spyro , stick with the originals , because this horrible game is a butchered , mangled , and sorry excuse for a Spyro game .
 They can do better.It freezes takes long to load and is short and simple.Do not get it .
 I am a big Spyro fan , and I bought this right when it came out and was bummed out . I seriously would n't recommend this game . If you 've never played any Spyro games I 'd recommend the 1st 3 . They are REALLY awesome :-RRB- but this ps2 game is boring , and the graphics pretty much suck . It gets me dizzy just playing it b/c the camera shakes at times . If you still want to play this game , -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- you should probably rent it .
 im the biggest spyro fan i love him but what the heck is this . enter the dragonfly is the not just the worst spyro game ive playes its the worst ps2 game ive played bottom line . the game is so boring it lacks challenges decent storeylines and characthers . and spyro used to be a smart quick springy glidin thing now hes a fat slow dumb unalert lizard that takes a while to steer in the right direction . spyro moves so slow its like hes crawling . and how can there be this many glitches in a game . glitches incluse running off the speedway ramp for no reason loosing hundreds of collected gems the level cloud 9 not loading the game freezing up seeing huge polygons seeing graphics get lighter dieing for no reason . the list goes on and on but you get the idea . the load times are soooooooooo long you could go down and eat dinner in the time it takes to load . you start moving down the screen and spyro looks like hes waddiling not flying . it lacks fun spyro dosent seem cool anymore the puzzles and minigames are more of a headache than a pleasure . theres only 8 or 9 levels in the entire game 1 boss and no playable characthers like in year of the dragon which is 1000 times better . and the only they added in the whole ggame is bubblebreath please its the ps2 bubbles thats a joke . notice one thing insomniac is not here but they did make rachet and clank . if you like spyro you should check out that because spyro was good cause of insomniac games . and rachet and clank is from insomniac . hey its more relatable to spyro than this excuse for a game .
 It it not worth a penny!I 'm a huge Spyro fan , when it came in the mail of course I was excited , but that quickly changed!There are only 9 levels . It take SOOO LONG to load ! it loads the loading ! I ca n't play it without finding a glitch . One time I ran past a seagull in the beach level and the sound of it chirping stuck then the sound of underwater stuck on top of that and it sounded like nothing I 've ever heard before ! I had to shut it off because it would n't stop , I even reset it!The characters look DUMB like there is no bone in their body or brain in their skull . -LRB- if they had one -RRB- they look too jello like , and the voices do n't match their mouth.When you attack an enemy you ca n't tell that you made s successful hit till it dissapears . In the old games the controller would jump and you would hear and see the impact of Spyros head , so you KNOW you hit him . And when you charge a sheep it burns into lamb chops ... Sorry I though that only happend with fire ? They ruined the sheep , they are all fat and slow , instead of quick and springy.Over all the ONLY thing that I found nice in the game was the graphics , it is beautiful.Without Insomniac Spyro will never be the same .
 AT FIRST I THOUGHT THIS GAME MIGHT BE COOL BUT IT WAS A HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT FIRST OFF IT WAS TO SHORT . SECOND ITS NOT FUN ITS REALLY BORING AND ITS REALLY SLOW WHILE LOADING DO NOT BUY THIS GET YEAR OF THE DRAGON INSTED . WORST SPYRO GAME EVER CREATED
 enter the dragonfly sucks . theres so many glitches the load times are awful . the graphics are an embarrasement . and the characters have no personality except duh duh hi spyro . stupid lipsynching there not even moving there lipsb or making eye contact with spyro . theres only i boss . i was so upset i took this game on a trip to the trash not worth a qaurter .
 THIS GAME KILLED SPYROS GREATNESS HERES STUFF ABOUT THE GAMESOUND :1 / 10 TERRIBLEGRAPHICS :5 / 10 OK I GUESSLONGNESS :1 / 1O WAY TO SHORTFASTNESS :1 / 10 WAY TO SLOWCOOLNESS :1 / 10 NOTHING IS COOL ABOUT ITRESULT : IT STINKSDONT BUY THIS GAME ITS HORRBILE DONT EVEN RENT IT SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOME OTHER GAME .
 I 've been a Spyro fan from the beginning and I was anxiously awaiting the release of this game . I bought it the first day it was released , ran home and popped it in the PS2 ... Yuck!What happened ? If your looking for the old Spyro you wo n't find him here . Vivendi Universal has totally trashed the Spyro legacy . Anything that can be wrong with a game is in this one . Looks like Vivendi Universal released this game before they even tested it because as far as I 'm concerned this game is UNPLAYABLE . Long load times and frame rate problems are just a few of the problems . I played this game for 10 minutes and I could not play it anymore . Do n't waste your money . Buy Insomniacs new game Ratchet & Clank . It 's 10 bucks cheaper and 1000 times better . FYI - Insomniac was the original developer of Spyro .
 This game is Terrible !! I love Spyro but this game is a HUGE disappoinment !! There are only 8 main levels and only 1 world , plus when you get to the end of the game -LRB- which will only take about a day and a half -RRB- the boss is so easy to beat it 's truely sad . And all he says when you do beat him is ; ... a couple words and then the credits roll ! I am completely discusted with this game and the no talent company that put it out . I guess I should of learnd my lesson with Crash for playstation 2 .
 Lots of frame rate problems . Several times I had to reload the game because the graphics were all -LSB- messed -RSB- up . Which brings me to another annoying point
 All of the Spyro games rolled into ONE , but in slower motion ! PS2 games are NOT `` Faster Paced or Fast Loading '' !! Just a BORE all around !!
 I waited a long time to own a Spyro game for Playstation 2 . I really enjoyed the first three Spyro 's for Playstation 1 , and anticipated a follow-up game immensely . When I bought the game , I could n't wait to get home to play it . I was rather disappointed by how simple and fast the game played . I 'd say it only took me about a week to get to every world , and that was without playing it every hour of the day . Unlike the other Spyros , which definitely were more challenging , the graphics were superior . I did n't like how there were so few worlds to explore , so the game ends quickly if you 're an avid Spyro fan . There were n't any challenging scenarios in this game , not enough to keep on playing and playing to try to get them for `` rewards . '' I was hoping and praying that when you finally defeat Ripto , that you would be transported to another world , but no such luck . The game ends THAT quickly . I do n't know about anyone else , but the game sticks a lot , I think because of the high graphics and takes FOREVER to load !! Overall , I 'd give it two stars -- rather disappointing !!
 This game is a waste of time and lacks a good story line and has very little adventure . Spyro used to be a cute , funny , and feisty dragon . Now , he is a plump , lazy , slow , and lacks creative energy . This game has huge glitches such as
 My son received this game for Christmas and we were shocked to see the quality of this much anticipated game . The loading time takes forever and there are so many glitches , it makes the game more irritating than fun . It was not as challenging as the previous games and was indeed a great disappointment . It seemed as if they started with a great concept , but rushed the production in order to get it out before the buying season . I definitely do not recommend this Spyro .
 I 've said it before and I 'll say it again , Universal Vivendi ruined this series for me . This game is better than the one I have for the Wii but not by much . There 's only one world to explore and like a previous reviewer said , the level portals are n't named so that is a bit of a pain . Yes you do have to collect something other than gems in this one as in previous Spyro titles but mine froze quite a bit -LRB- probably got one of the earlier copies released -RRB- and the load time was annoying . I 'm used to the PS games taking time to load but this one took forever ! I could 've gone and made a five course meal in the time it took . Okay so I 'm exaggerating but as I recall the first 3 Spyro titles had quicker load times . Either way , even though it 's been almost six years since I bought this game , I 'm still disappointed with it .
 When I first started playing video games when I was 7 , the first one I played was the original Spyro . I immediately fell in love with the game as well as the sequels.Then a few years ago , Spyro came out on PS2 . I was eager to get Enter the Dragonfly so when I got it for Christmas , I nearly jumped out of my pajamas . * Pros * - Well , Spyro 's in it ... as well as Moneybags and Hunter - The slide in Honey Marsh is a lot of fun * Cons * - Honestly , I did not like the graphics . They were not part of the `` Spyro World '' . Sure call me a loser ... I do n't care , but I loved the graphics before . They were cute and Spyro-friendly , and nobody should have changed it . - Spyro used to move with such agile and feisty-ness . Now , like everyone else says , he moves like an elephant . My fingers turned red from pressing down on the buttons so hard trying to get him to move . - What happened to the portals ?! And who replaced them with these objects you have to FIGURE OUT if they 're a decoration or take you to another level ?! - The game , levels , and mini-games take tooooooooooooooooo loooooooooooooooooooong toooooooooo looooooooooooooooad !!!!!!! - It 's extremely hard to see the dialogue when interacting with other characters . The text is bulky and all squashed together . - The sound effects are better off for another game . - Why is Ripto back ?! I remember in Ripto 's Rage spitting a ball of fire at him , causing him to fall off his Robo-Gulp and sink into a pit of lava and DIE ! How the heck did he suddenly come back to life ?! - Hunter got a terrible makeover . - Moneybags looks like he 's dressed in his pajamas -- AND in Year of the Dragon after I beat the Sorceress , he told me he `` Wo n't be needing anymore of my money '' . So why is he still here asking me for my gems ? Even after I flamed his fat butt for all my money back ?! - All the levels are DARK -LRB- like Honey Marsh and Thieves Den -RRB- . I can hardly see where I 'm going . - The dragonflies are mad hard to catch , unless you get lucky and the character dude gives one to you . - What 's the point of all these different breaths ?! Ice ? Electric ? Bubble ? All Spyro needs is fire breath . He 's a DRAGON for Pete 's sake , not some sort of mythical made-up goofball . - His `` shield '' does n't even work . - Where is Zoe ? - All the mini-games are stupid and take too long to load . They are repetitive and confusing . - The realisic graphics seems to suck out the gameplay -- probably also the reason why it takes so long to load a level . - The storyline is horrendous - Ripto is taking his revenge by capturing all the dragonflies ? And how come when he did , he did n't take Sparx too ? - The music is slow and depressing . What happened to the fun , popping music like in the first three Spyros ? - All the levels are too big -- it 's really easy to get lost , so you have to jump off the side of the ground and return to a familiar part of the level . - In the past games , each level had its own story -LRB- Spyro 3
 I felt really dissapointed with this game !! I loved the others Spyro but the `` Spyro
 The graphics really are n't improved enough to make up for the loading issues , nor are the levels that long . Plus these 5 + minute loading times are there not only when you go to a different world and/or level , but also when you enter a mini-game within a level . This makes leaving and coming back to something more time consuing than doing a part at that very moment because you 'll load while leaving the mini-game , then load while leaving the level , and load 2 more times getting back to that mini-game . There are major glitches in the PS2 version , I do n't know about any other versions . I 've beaten every Spyro game , and this would have otherwise been as good as the others . I 'd recommend having a portable game to play during the loads or something else to occupy that time , or not playing .
 I waited and waited until the price dropped on this game , but even the $ 20.00 I paid was n't worth it . The game is WAY too short , I finished it in 2 days . The previous Spyro games took me much longer -LRB- like at least a couple weeks -RRB- and were a lot more fun.There 's no skateboarding which was disappointing , I really liked that in the last game.But that 's not my biggest problem . This game froze almost every time I played and the graphics would just disappear . I had it happen more than once that I would be walking around in an area and the graphics would just disappear . I could still walk , jump , etc , but could n't see any of the environment . I 'd have to restart the system and then the level . ARGH!I ca n't even go into all my other complaints . Let 's just say that compared to the other games in this series this game sucked ! -LRB- and in case you 're wondering , the freezing only happened on certain levels , so I 'm pretty sure it 's not the disc -RRB-
 That 's what Spyro says whenever you charge in to a wall . That 's also the sound I made when I was playing -LRB- the whole 30 minutes -RRB- . Who would have thought the Spyro on PS2 was worse then Spyro on PS1?Graphics
 I was first introduced to the Spyro by my then-boyfriend and immediately loved the games ... even though I got soooo frustrated at needing help with parts . I learned all I needed to and was very excited that there was going to be a Spyro game for the PS2 . I bought it thinking I 'd be challenged ... boy was I wrong . This game is waaayyy too short in comparison to the first three in the series . And it is annoying as f*@k how long the levels take to load -LRB- need a nap ? Take one while it loads ... yeah it 's that slow . -RRB- Another complaint I have is that there 's too many bugs and Spyro is slow-moving and some of the gems are hard to find ... maybe I 'm just blind or maybe it 's a glitch in my copy but I ca n't find em . Overall , diehard Spyro fans like me will most definitely be disappointed in this game . I will try the newest addition to the Spyro family -LRB- A Dragon 's Tail -RRB- but instead of spending $ 50 of my hard-earned money I think I 'll rent it first . But from what I heard there are more levels so that may be enough to get me to buy it .
 I purchased this game because I am a big fan of the little purple dragon - and have played all the Insomniac produced Spyro games for the PlayStation.This was the first time Spyro was not done by Insomniac - and it shows!This game had a lot of glitches , including game freezes , Spyro getting stuck in walls due to geometry , sound getting stuck in a loop , and the background disappearing leaving Spyro wiggling around in a black void ... When Vivendi Universal was contacted just after Christmas 2002 , they said that they were not releasing any fixes for the game , that they had no suggestions , and that I should send the game back for a full refund . The not-so-happy ending is that I got my money back , but I did n't get my Spyro fix.This game was the reason I bought a PS2 at all . Ah well , Insomniac released a game around the same time called `` Ratchet and Clank '' which was as fun as the original Spyro games .
 I was really looking forward to getting this game . When I first learned about it , I put it on my wish list and told people about it . When I got it , I was stunned . The graphics are n't up to par . The gameplay just did n't seem as good as the old ones . I was suprised . I have returned this game ...
 I was very disappointed after anticipating and ordering early ... what a riptoc-off ! I felt like i was the one falling off a cliff this time.There 's more bugs than dragonflys in this shoddy version of Spyro . For starters , someone should fire their Quality Assurance team -LRB- hint -RRB- . This obviously is the product of a company rushing to get product out before Christmas.I just made it to the last level - in 5 days.Despite ... swearing repeatedly at the numerous forced restarts after random freezes , graphics glitches -LRB- my favorites were Spyro against an all black background , or suspended mid-air after the landscape disappeared leaving nothing but a sky -RRB- , random re-appearances of the bad guys , framerate issues , annoying sounds that `` stick '' and buzz even when you are n't near the sound-source , Chloe not appearing out of the `` sparkles '' , Chloe 's saves not saving properly , saves between worlds failing , and general quality issues.Despite ... finding the shallowness of the product that provides only one quarter of the worlds to explore compared to previous Spyro games , trivial challenges , the repetitive nature of speedways , lackluster puzzles , no supercharges or precarious chases ... etc. I just read in the Sierra forums a post stating that someone called Tech Support and found out they will not issue an updated disk unless they get 100 calls a day ... . fine with me . Once burned , twice shy I say . Bring back Insomniac !
 Wow - what happened to Spyro ? I ca n't believe that I waited two years for this disaster . I 've never played a game that had so many bugs in it . Unfortunately , you ca n't return a game once it 's been opened . If you could , the line to return Spyro : Enter The Dragonfly would be as long as the load times . What a disappointment .
 What went wrong?The Spyro games had a good reputation as being fun and challenging.This game is neither.First of all there are only NINE levels , compare this to the 25 + levels of previous Spyro titles.These nine levels are way too easy.It can take as little as Ten minutes to beat a level , thats definately not challenging to me.Now lets talk about the worst part of the game , the endless glitches.This is undoubtedly the glitchiest game I have ever played.I have played cheap ten dollar games that have not glitched so much.Simple things such as moving the character can not be achieved without experiencing glitches.This is very unreasonable.Certain levels can not be accessed , this is unacceptable.Certain objectives can not be completed , this too is just unacceptable.This is a total waste of money.When you spend your hard earned cash on something , it should work.This game DOES NOT !
 This game may have more songs than its Japanese cousin but that does not mean it is better . It 's completely neutered from the Japanese version instead it plays catch up with the Japanese versions . This would eventually set the stone to how American DDR versions play catch up to Japanese home versions . Yes , this version has 71 songs over the Japanese version 's 44 . The vast majority of the songs here HAVE ALREADY APPEARED in Japanese versions so we find this game complete and utterly useless . Yes , for every one unique licensed song this game has , there are about a dozen more found in Japanese versions .
 if you buy this game well then return it . its is the worst ddr ever made . you should stay with ddr : konamix
 Yes , Konami finally decided to make the DDR series for the PS2 . Yes , the disc boasts the highest number of songs for any US version of DDR . But Konami also failed in many ways to make the first true conversion of the arcade mix series a success .1 . Most noticeable addition is the implementation of the `` Hold '' step . I 've been DDRing for years now , and I naturally use the hold step when the arrows call for it . The addition of the Hold step is extremely hard to read , especially when there is a series of Hold steps , which Konami likes to use often .2 . The navigation of the game through the menus is just horrid . I ca n't remember the exact number of times you have to hit Start before getting to a song , but its way too many . There is an option of having an Event mode , which would allow you to play the game without it ever going back to the main menu . The drawback to this is that you ca n't maximize your selection of songs until you unlock the secret songs .3 . The visuals in the game have been stepped down a level . Sure , it dose n't affect the gameplay , nor is it even an important feature , but for those people just watching , its not as fun ! Some songs even have just a static image in the background . BRING THE BACKGROUND DANCERS BACK ! 4 . If you have your hands on an import version of the DDR series , you 'll find that DDRMAX is simply just another compilation of the first 5 DDRs . There are a few new songs to challenge , but the track list has been better in previous Mixes .5 . The difficulty rating system of the songs itself has been made more difficult to read ! Gone is the rating system of feet , which was extremely easy to read and determine how difficult a song was . Konami has decided to include a pie-like chart that takes way too long to read . BRING BACK THE FEET!If you do n't have either DDR USA or Konamix , I recommend buying this game just so you can see what the buzz is about for this phenomenal video game series . It is a great introduction to the game . If you have either DDR USA or Konamix , save money as DDRMAX is pretty much just a compilation of the two . If you have your hands on any of the import DDR series -LRB- DDR through DDR 5th mix -RRB- , you 're probably an avid DDR fan . Save your quarters and head to your arcade , or just wait for DDRMAX2 to come out for your import playstation .
 I personally do n't want anyone to buy one DDR game in the US . All the best songs are left out and there are so many distracting things dancing in the background that drag your eyes away from the arrows . I have to admit this is a little better than all the other US versions , but Konami is keeping the best games to other countries . Anyone who has player the inported versions would know that they are better .
 i did n't recieve my stuff ... after 9 days
 Ordered the DDR Max2 + Ignition 2.0 package and got the pad but no game . After repeated attmepts to contact RedOctane finally talked with some there and was told the game would be shipped . 20 days later , still no game . Will not dispute credit card charge and file complaint with the FTC . Buyer beware . You may not get all of your order too . Good luck with getting a response from their customer service .
 Let me start out by saying I had this game on the original Xbox and loved it . SNK makes awesome fighters , especially the KOF series . I sold my Xbox and all the games a few years ago when I went off to college . A few months ago I picked up a 360 Elite and decided to get my fighters ' collection going again . Backwards compatibility was one of the selling points , and the Xbox website has this game as listed 360 compatible . Silly me to just confide in that alone . But after all , my Street Fighter Anniversary works perfectly on my 360 , so I expected nothing different for this game . Well , the KOF 2002 disc is VERY glitchy . Parts of backgrounds glitch in and out and the arms and legs of characters disappear during gameplay . There are grids that appear over top of the characters . The KOF 2003 disc is completely unreadable . At first , I thought I just had defective software . I drove over to my friend 's house who still has his original Xbox and both discs played perfectly . After searching the web , I came across other people who 've had the same problem . There is even a Wiki page dedicated to how well each original Xbox game plays on the 360 . I wish I had done my research first rather than blindly believe what the Xbox website showed.Some people may find it unfair for me to rate the game so low when it is an awesome game but just not compatible with the 360 . This is how I see it ; I am reviewing the overall product in its entirety ; KOF 2002/2003 on Xbox is advertised as being compatible / playable on the 360 by Microsoft themselves . I bought the game on this pretense . It proved to be false , and since I no longer have an original Xbox , this game is no good to me . I still rated it 5 stars for fun since it is in and of itself an awesome game , and if Microsoft were true to their word and it was compatible , I would 've given it 5 stars overall.For anyone who does have an original Xbox and is a fighting game fan , I 'm sure you already have this game and know how sweet it is . And if you decide to get a 360 , hold on to your original Xbox 'cause 360 ` backwards compatibility ' is a joke .
 There were also no codes on my jewel case and I have just started my emails to the company . Obviously , I can expect to be at this for some time ! And from Nellie 's review , I am not sure it is worth the time and trouble . The package can not be returned to Amazon since it has been opened . But one has to open it to install and try to find the codes -- CATCH 22 . Online , Amazon says it ships from Target , but it shipped from Amazon according to the package it cam in . The whole thing is a big disappointment so far .
 I purchased `` AGON
 Unfortunately , there are too many bugs in this program . Calls to the `` service '' department directed me to a patch page , which is not even available on the server . Product does not function as is .
 Can somebody please list the ` code ' they used ? It might not work for my game , but at least it would give the form that the code should be in . I , too , got the jewel box without a codeEdit
 And had almost the same experience , to wit : - loaded it onto a Mac laptop - it crashed at the key box , despite multiple attempts - I sent a note via the AGON webpage feedback - I got a prompt reply with links for patches in two different formats - I downloaded both patches , but neither works -- same error message as `` Gen&egrave;ve Gil '' describesThis is really annoying ! I just saw a comment somewhere that said the program does n't run on Mac laptops , but I do n't see that on the amazon.com site . Not a happy customer !
 I tried 4 different N64 controllers on my computer using this cable . It did n't work at all , the joystick moved on it 's own and the buttons sometimes pressed automatically . But if you want to take your chances , go for it . That 's what I did .
 The complaints above are accurate . It is not a matter of knowing how to calibrate the controller once you use this Adaptor . You can not calibrate the controller because the Adapator inccorectly signals to the computer that buttons are being depressed and the N64 joystick is being moved . And , just to be clear , I purchased a new controller to use in conjunction with this adator , so it is , by no means , a result of the controller.You can take your chances . Apparently some people have had it work , but I am not in the lucky group .
 OH MY GOD !!!! I ordered this on ebay , -LRB- the same exact thing -RRB- I was extremely exited about this when I ordered it.Here are the pros and conspros-Has a usb connector-the product is Small and lightweightCons-not compatible with windows XP-causes your nintendo 64 or playstation controller to malfunction . -LRB- in other words , if you go to start - programs - control panel-printers and other hardware-game controllersYou will notice that your axis is going crazy and the buttons are internally pressing themselves , which makes it impossible to play any game -RRB- - comes with an unreadable floppy disk . -LRB- I tried the floppy in 3 different computers , none of them were able to read it -RRB- - comes with no other instructions or program guidesI really wish I can give this 0 stars . There was absolutely no point of it being invented.Please do n't buy this product . You will be ripping your hair out with frustration . If you will like to play n64 or playstation games on your computer , buy a regular pc conntroller.Remember
 Do not buy this terrible product . As others have said , when I go into the windows gamepad configuration utility , the Z axis is wildly flying all over the place , and all the buttons are apparently being randomly pressed . This product is a complete waste of money , and I am VERY disappointed . The `` driver disk '' that it comes with has drivers for like 10 other products on it , and installing their drivers is a huge pain . The disk itself does n't even have a label on it , it looks just like a disc out of a package of blank CDs that you could buy at a store . Everything about this product simply SCREAMS cheap and poorly made , save your money , DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Now , this device is poorly made , packaged and sold . But I understand that it 's not a device that you can go into walmart and buy from some Microsoft or Nintendo . BUT as SIMPLE as it 's design and and supposed functioning , it is completely flawed.As the reviewer before me mentioned if you try to calibrate this device it 's sporadic , z-axis flys everywhere it punches all the buttons sending all the wrong signals . You have no control over it.Now I will probably get a replacement that functions but 5 good ratings to 2 bad ones and now 3 with mine . Those odds are looking weak on getting a working new one . But I believe it 's worth it.Later ******* I wrote all that before I did some research about the controller online , it seems that unless you have a new or almost unused controller this device will not work properly . I will be receiving a new controller in the mail tomorrow and I will update this with more information ********
 It is a good device and it works well but the N64 analog stick does not work right . If I knew who the manafactor of it I might be able to find a web sight and see if there is any drivers for it .
 i received it really fast and in good condition ... u can not see the down and across clue at the same time , controls hard to work ...
 We Tried To make it Run But Didint Run Its Nothing but a Peice of Garbage Please If you are fan Of FPS 's stay awayFrom this Game it Gave you alto of ProBlems
 If you like donkey kong , the one that was played on the first nintendo . This game is much like it and i think you would really like it . However donkey kong still has this game beat . I purchased frogger because i always remembered that it was always checked out when i went to the video store and i figured it must be good , but i am disappointed the graphics they are once again very comparable to nintendo . Sega games should be better than nintendo period , I have many sega games and have never encountered this before . Good thing the game was cheap : -RRB-
 This version has many edits and you can no longer trade cities for huge cash reserves , and a lot of other things that made the game promising , they just made it harder and no editor , do n't buy this .
 It said on the box -LRB- which was from walmart -RRB- that this cable was meant for the psp slim model.I dont know if it has something to do with the usb charge -LRB- which I followed all procedures by Sony -RRB- but it doesnt sync with my computer . It charges if you plug the power part into it but it doesnt sync . I tried another chord that was laying around and it still didnt sync . I thought it was my computer so I brought my friends psp over to test it . It worked fine with my spare chord which meens the 2-In-1 USB Power Cable will impair your PSP Slim 's syncing cabibilities . Just bye a wall charger . Ill give it two stars for the fact that it charges .
 BE ADVISED - When you install Poker Academy 2 Pro you have to be on-line and register , using its key , for it be verified and allowed to function . YOU ARE ALLOWED TO DO THIS ONLY TWO TIMES . PERIOD !!! If you install it on a desktop and a laptop , fine . But that is all ! If you want to install it again , because your computer hard drive crashed or you just wanted a new computer , forget trying to install PA2 Pro again , they wo n't let you . It happened to me and when I emailed support they just ignored me . Apparently you have to buy a new key at the going price to install PA2 Pro again . They said only 2 installs per key and THEY MEAN IT .
 first it doesnt come with a power cord u need to use the one with ur psp if u have it if not ull need to buy one -LRB- it would b nice if they told me that in the product description -RRB- 2 they also dont say it does not work with the 2000,3000 , go , or vita its obvious it isnt for the go or vita but still i have the 2000 and it does not work i tryed my friends 1000 and it does but only tested to c if fits im not sure how well it charges or anything like that . i hope this was helpful in your search for a cradle and i do reccomend u pay a little more for something atleast decent if u have the 1000 and a charger cable and just want it for a stand then it may be for you but for others and myself not so much .
 Stay away from this controller . the first time I used it , the buttons on the D-pad didnt work properly . Maybe it is a defect from the manufactor and there not all like that ... but I know Sony is a company I can trust not to screw up with contollers .
 This game is almost exactly like Horsez , which I have finished , but this game I bought but it does n't work on our two new computers , my mom 's old one does n't have any sound which is of no fault to the game , and my grandma 's computer cuts off half of the screen . But since Horsez and this game are exactly alike , I 'd like to give some hints . For Ginger 's present , you have to pick up the chess peice first , then pick up the phone number , but DO NOT MAKE THE CALL YET ! No you have to go outside and into the director 's office , which is near the front gate . It 's a little sliver of black on the left side of the wall . On the desk there 's a key . now you go to the library and get the key to the attic room . Now you go into your room which is the door by the staircase . Now you call the phone by the chess board . You now go up the stairs and into the door on the right . Now how to get into Esteban 's room . First when you 're in the library , you go out of the big circular window it 's pretty straightforward where to go from there , once you 're in the room , you go down the elevator and through the door to the right . You 'll see Spike and the safe is in that room . Talk to Spike and he 'll give you a clue . Next you go out the door down the hallway and take a left I think you 'll be in your room and Ginger will be there . Otherwise you 'll be in the lounge where Kiew is . Anyway talk to Ginger and she 'll give you another clue . I forgot how to get to the lounge , but in there you 'll find Kiew , you have to talk to her last otherwise she wo n't give you a clue . Now you go back to the director 's office and use the clues to figure out the code . In Horsez it 's 4224 , but it could be different in Champion Dreams , I might be giving completely wrong directions , anyway , in Horsez , once you enter the code you get the key card . Esteban 's room is through the door that 's down the hallway that leads you to the office and to the right . In there there 'll be a bag on the couch , search through the bag and you 'll find what you 're looking for .
 This is n't the best game . It does n't have particularly good graphics , and gets boring after awhile . First , you pick your horse out of the choices that they provide , which are pretty much a palomino , a creamello , which is pretty much a lighter palomino , a bay , a black , a skewbald -LRB- which is a pinto with black and white splotches -RRB- a palomino pinto , and that 's pretty much it . For some reason they call these `` breeds '' in the beginning , but near the end , no matter what breed you chose , they say that your horse is a thoroughbred . The basic shape of the horses are exactly the same , and have no distinguishing features at all . They all look the same , except for the color . You also pick out your character 's name , and your horse 's name , which actually does n't matter in the game , so there 's no reason to put the question there anyways . It would really be nice if you could customize your character in any more ways than changing hair color and clothing . Then you watch a couple videos that explain why you 're where you are , and then you have a schedule that you have to follow . For the first couple of days , you have to do the schedule that they plan out for you , but after that you can do what you want , except you ca n't change anything after the first period . You also discover that there 's a voice in your head called Elsys and it explains what to do and occasionally how to do it . You do three events , dressage , showjumping and cross country . You 'll find that the jumping -LRB- showjumping and cross country -RRB- is fun at first , but it gets increasingly more challenging until it 's just frustrating . You also might find that you do n't really want to do dressage . I have to admit , it is really boring . This game is definitely not the best game on the market . You might be better off doing a little more research and finding a game that is better , which may not be all that hard to find . If you are really considering buying this , and you 've read plenty of good reveiws , and you are thinking , `` Oh , well , this is just one person . Every one else says that this game is good . '' Well , please , I 'm begging you on my hands and knees , this really is n't the best game . It 's your decision to buy it , but please think about it before you do .
 This is the absolute worst game I ever purchased . It would not load properly onto my computer and I was not able to type a name for my horse or my player . As soon as it hit `` a '' it put 17 letter `` a `` s in . I am returning this game ! It sucks ! Do not waste your money , buy something better !!
 Graphics were horrible and story line was boring to the point that you can not even focus to play the rest of the game . Buy if you do n't care about graphics but I do not suggest this game to anyone who cares about realism . I could not even finish the first day of the game because the graphics where so terrible . Do not waste your money buy a better game .
 The game is too confusing . It was too hard to control the character around the castle . The cover is n't anything like the game - the cover looks fun but the game is too serious and boring . When you 're done playing , theres no way to quit without killing the program . It was so bad I had to take it back .
 This game was a great disappointment to me . I am a three day event rider and bought this game along with Lucinda Greene 's Equestrian Challenge to kill some time while I recover from a bad fall . I was really looking forward to this game with all its great reviews and when I started to play it it just became very frusterating . The plot line challenges are ok . Very trial and error . But the jumping is just plain boring . Four speeds ??? I 'm sorry cross country is not supposed to be a relaxing canter through the feild jumping fences . Which is about all you can really do and still manage to clear the fences . But most of the time no matter what you do you cant clear a stadium fence or get a refusal in cross country . As for the horse care it takes forever to groom your horse and to clean its stall you have to make the wheel barrow have a green arrow key over it . Getting it to turn green is sometimes impossible . There are some good points in this game . The idea behind it is really good and the plot is well thought out . My only complaint with the plot is all of a sudden your character is in love with Esteban . Which was kind of random . But I could live with that . The graphics are ok . Nothing to rave about . Dressage is interesting . I 've read all the movements and still can not do a half pass at the canter . They 're fairly accurate for the most part . Though not always named correctly . Overall the game was just very frusterating to me . I still havent finished it quite yet . I cant get a clear round in either cross country or stadium . Also I felt that the game was a bit inaccurate as far as the presentation of a three day event . Cross country comes before stadium and there are not ribbons given for individual placings between events * also a complaint with Lucinda Greene * . I also did not understand `` Talking '' with your horse . It was a little too horse whisperer for me and very hard to understand . I can only hope that eventually they will come out with a good equestrian game that combines great plot , realistic and exciting riding , good graphics and good challenges all in the same package . If that is what you are hoping for in this game , you wont find it .
 I really ca n't believe some of the high marks some people have given this game . It glitches out so many times ; at least two or three times I had to manually turn off my x-box and restart because of a glitch . Many other times I got stuck on some invisible wall . The AI is horrible and does not live up to the hype.It 's not all bad - it 's always fun to kill storm troopers with a lightsaber . The cutscenes look pretty , and the voice acting and music are good.This game tries to follow the God of War formula and apply it to Star Wars
 I do n't know how this game has garnered so many positive reviews . It 's somewhat fun for an hour or two , but after that the glitches , repetitiveness , and mediocre level design grow too cumbersome for even the Force to save from the bargain bin . Great idea , great marketing , and great franchise , but in the end the game is but a polished turd .
 I ca n't honestly remember a time when I was n't a huge Star Wars geek . One of the first games I fell in love with was Super Star Wars for snes back in the early '90s . I loved everything about it . It took the aesthetics of the beloved film series and placed it within the confines of a ridiculously over-the-top side scrolling shooter . Though I died countless times , I managed to beat the original , get to Cloud City on 'Em pire , and with luck I managed to complete Super Return of the Jedi.Enter Star Wars
 I bought The Force Unleashed on the first day of its release and I was very impressed initially with the game . The first level was awesome to play with Vader , extremely easy but still very fun . But I beat the game in about 9 hours of gameplay over the course of 3 days -LRB- on normal -RRB- . The levels really got repetitive and most of the enemies are too easy to kill once you figure out how to kill one , they all can pretty much be killed the same way.The Force powers are very cool , but some are very difficult to perform when you 're involved in an attack . Force Lighting is way too powerful and a couple doses pretty much kill everything except Vader and Palpatine . The mini-boss kills get too repetitve -LRB- in the level where you have to kill 4 rancors , they pretty much all get killed with the exact same cut sequence
 The game looks great , a Star Wars fan 's dream . The story is almost fitting for the Star Wars Universe ... BUT you will die alot , I mean alot . This is not for the game being hard ... NO it 's for the gameplay to be broken . You can tell the developers rushed this one ! The glitchy deaths , the uneven platforming and oh and there 's a part were the game gives you the wrong instructions ! It seems no testing was done during post production . Pass on this one , maybe a rent only if your hard core into Star Wars . You will be mad playing this game . Thumbs way down .
 I played this game on normal difficulty , and have a considerable amount of gaming experience.Pros : - Fantastic visuals ; every level has a lush and unique feel - Very enjoyable ` arena ' combat , using objects and the environment to defeat groups of enemies - Great level-up system ; use points to purchase new powers and combat combosCons : - Very buggy enemy AI - Poorly tuned abilities - Extremely poorly tuned boss fightsPerhaps the most frustrating thing about this game is how good it could have been , if the developer had put a little more effort into play-testing it . So many parts of the game deserve four or five stars
 I got this game because I read that it was a fun game with a great story . There was pretty much no story and very frustrating game play . A slinky is more entertaining than this failure of a game and a slinky does n't make you throw the controller through the tv screen .
 I really think that this game is still in its beta stage , as the quality is terrible to be a final product of a Star Wars game . Lucasarts did one of those mega-hype moves as Lucasfilm did with Episode 1 . This game does not live up to Lucasarts standards . It would be best for them to actually finish this game , because there is stuff missing and bugs needed to be taken out . I believe that no one outside of Lucasarts had the chance to test this game.THE GOOD
 There is not really much I like about this game . Very repetitive hack and slash . The controls are sloppy . The camera angle is mostly hideous . The story is OK . My son who loves watching me play video games will ask me to turn it off after about ten min or so becuase he gets bored watching me do the same things over and over ... I would pass on this one .
 I agree with many of the other lackluster reviews , in that this game feels very unpolished , and buggy . The graphics are nice -LRB- barring the occasional texture flickering -RRB- but thats about it . I highly reccomend borrowing this game or renting it before you buy . I have n't played the demo , but I 'm guessing if you 've played the demo , you 've pretty much played the entire game . Total waste of money .
 I only play a couple of hours a week , and enjoy games such as the Halo series , Gears of War and Mass Effect and this is what I have to say about this game . Cool force powers , good graphics and you get to see characters from the movies thats about it . The story is weak , the game play is repetitive and boring , the camera is horrible , fix the damn camera !!!! . I keep getting jumped from behind , I have to run in circles to see who is attacking me . Fix the damn Camera or add a Radar that makes sense . When you get to fight in enclosed spaces the camera gets so close you cant even see yourself , your attackers or what you are doing and then you end up killed or at the bottom of a cliff . Its really hard for me to undestand how can it take years to develop a game and still miss the basics this game in my opinion is garbage . I was looking forward to the release of this game and even pre-order it , so like the previous reviewer I am pissed !!!
 Although fun at first , unfortunately SW
 nice scenery , easy enough to beat attacking foes , but extremely hard just to avoid falling into bottomless chasms.Too many slippery surfaces . totally lame and frustrating !
 Oh where to begin.First off , the good . It has a decent storyline . Not bad , not good . Decent . The end.Now for the bad . The camera angle is frustrating . The game tries for these grandiose wide shots where your character is just a wee speck . Many times , you ca n't even see your character . As you fly around the same couple of levels -LRB- they repeat over and over again -RRB- , if you get too close to anything , you can no longer see your character.Also , the game does n't have a targeting mechanic . Your moronic apprentice can be getting his bottom handed to him , but he will continue to fire lightning this way and that . The game has a targeting mechanic , but it does n't work.You have to play through the game once to get the decent skills -LRB- or have any skill points put into them -RRB- . This game is worth about -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would n't -LRB- and am glad I did n't -RRB- pay more than that .
 I have many fond memories of the great star wars titles lucas arts released in the 90s and thought I would give this one a try . As it turns out maybe I should have stayed in that coma for another 10 years . That way I could have not only missed the prequels , but this ill-fated title . This game could be single-handedly ruined by it 's poor targeting system , except for the help of other issues that created a multi-faceted ensemble of suck . I love the star wars expanded universe as much as the next guy but jawas that use the force , seriously ? It 's unclear how to beat the bosses and the game forces you to memorise combos in an unnecessaryly complex fighting system . All in all I paid 10 bucks for the game and it was probably worth it , but it 's not worth my time and effort to play to completion .
 The very first level of this game finds you , Darth Vader , striding through the Wookie Planet Kashyyk , blasting Wookies , architecture , and the forest to smithereens with an impressive array of force powers . You finally confront and defeat a quavering Jedi . Freaking awesome . That all lasts about 4 minutes . Then the real game begins , and the most enjoyable part of it , which you 've just experienced , gets left far behind . Do n't get me wrong , this game has enjoyable aspects , most significantly the simple experience of being able to act out as a super-powerful Jedi while rousing Star Wars themes play in the background . For that alone , many people will want to give this a look . Just do n't get your hopes up that it is some amazing game.There are games that pull you into the story , in which you have to use your mind as well as your hands to get through the game , where the choices you make along the way greatly effect the game play and , even better , the story and outcome . This is NOT one of those games.This game attempts to be the kind that relies on memorizing combos , and a whole lot of hand-eye coordination , some jumping around on various platforms , and confronting `` bosses '' , etc. . The game that comes to mind in comparison is Ninja Gaiden , or God of War . I say `` attempts '' because of the pretty ridiculous mishmash of camera and targeting problems , imbalanced powers , awful boss battles , and repetitive levels/game play which add up to an experience that is only briefly redeemed by the cool factor of charging around familiar Star Wars settings.The game is highly conventional , even `` old school . '' The game play relies on learning `` combos '' , jumping around on various platforms , and manipulating various environmental elements to solve what are supposed to be puzzles or complete various objectives like -LRB- `` Destroy 5 Tie Fighters On This Level '' -RRB- . You do n't participate in the story , you watch it unfold , until the action kicks in , and then you get to run around smashing crap up with your wacky load of force powers.Your main concern will be not falling to your death . It is ridiculously easy to fall off the various catwalks , platforms , and even many normal walkways -- simple things like executing lightsaber moves that cause the character to lunge forward can lead you right off the edge of a platform . Your character has an incredibly powerful jump -- he can jump high and far -- but that usually leads to the impossibility of judging the distances properly , and he lands very sloppily , so you just slip off whatever you were trying to land on and fall to your death ! On many levels , you spend a ton of time running around wiping out the zillions of enemies , then have to backtrack to try to jump to reach a floating sphere in order to acquire your Jedi points -- and then you slip and fall to your death , requiring you to restart the entire level , and kill all those same enemies again , and then most likely slip to your death another time ! I ended up playing the game through on `` Apprentice '' mode , simply because I found the incidents of getting killed by falling to be more than enough of a challenge , and source of numerous reloads.There is some leveling up , but it mostly consists of unlocking various combos . Nothing intellectually or strategically challenging , just arbitrary based on your playing preferences.The learning of combos and the combining/proper use of various force powers I found a bit frustrating . Maybe someone out there likes `` combos ''
 pros : great graphics and soundthat 's about itcons : repetitive , overdone gameplaycheap , mindless enemies . especially the bosses.perhaps the worst controls scheme i 've ever seen on a xbox360 game , and i own about 50 games.How bad ? 9 out of 10 times i pick up an explosive barrel to fling at my enemies with my jedi powers , it lands at my feet and knocks me over . Its nearly impossible to select the object you want to force grip since there are crosshairs . Often times i would stand literally next to the object i want to levitate , and i would basically start throwing stuff that 's OFF camera.Most of the puzzles are non intuitive . There are ledges that you can jump off and die , even if the floor is 10 feet beneath you . The storyline is ridiculous and the acting is flat and boring . The enemy AI is virtually non-existent - they have a set pattern . There 's too many jump puzzles which is not fun to figure out when the wonky camera gets in the way.Overall this game had tremendous potential but the designers severely jump the shark on the basic gameplay . The game looks and sounds great , but i think they spent too much time making it look like a star wars game versus playing like a great game .
 Palpatine Creates the Rebellion . This is the worst thing George Lucas has ever done to star wars next to creating Jar Jar , or not releasing the original films restored in anamorphic DVD releases.The hack and Slash is fun for about a single play for a few hours then gets boring . Rip Off of god of war just not as good.Starkiller a throw away cardboard character . The emperor 's voice over was bad as was darth vaders . The rest of the cast was good to excellent . The graphics of course are stunning as well as the environments.Leia looks hot in this game and Jimmy Smitts voices Bail still not enough to sell a game . Juno Eclipse also was a hottie in this game , still the game deserves zero stars for its plot .
 Pros : Star Wars gamebeautiful graphicsCons : Horrible , non-adjustable camera angles on every levelrepetitive game playClaim of RPG leveling element is rudimentary and basically stolen from previous Star Wars games from Xbox daysMediocre controls , but requires you to finely manipulate your character and objects -- VERY FRUSTRATING!There is a sequence in-game that gives you faulty instructions and would be very lame and repetitive even without bad instructions.The story is lame
 i bought this on launch day because it seemed like it was going to be a decent game . i saw the videos of the gameplay , and they looked pretty cool , and i heard good things.then i played it.the plot was terrible , and further pushed me towards leaving starwars behind altogether . i saw the new starwars movie -LRB- the animated one -RRB- and if you have seen that , you should know that that had GOOD writing compared to the storyline of this game . the love part only kicks in at the very end of the game , and basically consists of `` hey . we survived stuff . lets be in love '' , so basically George Lucas 's idea of love . it amazes me that he is married.the graphics were ok , some were better than others , like the in-game maps were decent , but then you find that you can walk through most objects that arent walls and it kind of ruins it for you . the character models are horrendously done , and they remind me of the facial graphics in Final Fantasy X -LRB- remember how they were groundbreaking , but completely unlike any human face and the eyes look like plastic puppets with animatronic cardboard cutouts of eyes ? -RRB- . the gameplay wasnt as bad as it could have been , but nowhere near as good as it could have been either . some enemies have an attack pattern that is just fast enough that by the time you get knocked down and start to get back up again , they have already started a new attack and knock you down again , so you cant do anything about it . the `` cinematic '' finishes make you look at the bottom of the screen for button cues , so you can either watch the part of the cinematic that corresponds to the first button , and then the failure caused by the fact that you missed the next few buttons , or get all of the buttons correct and see the cinematic out of your peripheral vision . bosses were all easy . all you do is figure out its weakness and get it to low enough health to do the final button cue combination , which keeps popping up until you do it right . the one hard part of the game -LRB- i played through on the next higher difficulty to normal -RRB- is force-crashing the star destroyer -LRB- that was a spoiler , so watch out -RRB- because just when you get it angled the right way , tie fighters get close enough that you have to stop and kill them before re-positioning it and try to bring it down again.overall , this was a poorly made game that was over-hyped , and you will probably still buy it no matter how many bad reviews you read because hat is how the starwars franchise works . let me just leave you with the knowledge that YOU WILL GET NOTHING OUT OF THIS GAME .
 it is a great story , with fun -LRB- though extremely simple -RRB- gameplay . The disk I had froze 2/3rd of the play through . I have spoken to a few people and a lot of them had several bugs directly tied to their disks . Having said that , if you do find a `` working '' disk you will enjoy the story .
 Playing The Force Unleashed was an exercise in frustration . The game has beautiful visuals . Cool Force powers . The ability to pick up and throw just about anything . However , it has horrible controls and camera control . As a result , I felt like I was fighting the game controls and not the enemies.One example - it 's far too easy to randomly get turned around . You are fighting some rebel scum , and next thing you know , your force lightning is going off 180 degrees from where you thought you were pointing.During boss fights , the camera is fixed - well , not so much fixed as outside of your control . I 'm sure this was meant to give the fights a cinematic feel , but instead you just get annoyed.And I do n't see why they implemented a ` Save ' and ` Load ' feature . It does n't seem to work anything like how I would expect it to work . After trying to beat a miniboss several times , I finally succeeded . So I saved . When I went to reload , it took me back to the previous checkpoint , not the point I saved at . Ok , not good - I saved at that point specifically so that I would n't have to re-fight the miniboss if the stupid camera caused me to accidently fall to my death . Fine . I can -LRB- barely -RRB- live with that . After proceeding to play a bit more , some friends came over and one of them ended up being the end boss of the level and proceed to the next level . Well , I have a save , right ? So I can go back and redo the last half of that level and fight the boss myself . Nope , the save someone was for the last checkpoint on the current level . Huh ? How is that even close to what I as a player would want ` Save ' to do?I 've given up on this game and am feeling like I wasted my money - having to battle the camera , controls , and save ` feature ' took all the fun out of the game .
 I 'm really sorry I decided to purchase this one . Right now , I 'm not even sure if I 'd recommend renting it . It 's one of the worst Star Wars games ever . The Force Unleashed is defiantly not the game I thought it would be after playing through the demo.The least LucasArts could have done was to play the game themselves before shipping it to the public . It should have been better tested and debugged . There are too many glitches to distract from the game . I 've been stuck and forced to restart the game numerous times so far . And when I say stuck , I mean really stuck . Like I could n't make my character walk or move at all . Or Kazdan would just sit there and not attack while I could not damage him , despite my hitting him . Or the inconsistent HP system , where damage is assigned in a very unusual way . Sometimes a fierce light saber combo would do almost 0 damage to a boss , other times a single swash of the saber would do significant damage to the same boss in very similar circumstances . And I 'm not talking about him blocking my attack.The levels are too easy to walk through , with unexciting and fairly boring boss battles . I did not find much cohesion to the game at all . It just felt like a bunch of Star Wars references thrown into a game with bits of a decent storyline to glue the whole thing together.The game save system is not too good either . You are limited to check points instead of having the ability to strategically save anytime . There were some points in the game where my progress was saved right before a cut-scene that could not be skipped . Yup , I had to watch this scene every time I died on this difficult part of the last level.I am very disappointed with the sad Star Wars games we have been given these last few years . After playing good games like KOTOR , Jedi Knight 2 or even Republic Commando , The Force Unleashed was a BIG disappointment . I know I 'm just dreaming now , but a full rebuild of the original X-Wing would be sweet and probably fun too.To sum it all up , this game could have used an additional 3 to 6 months of development time before they shipped it out to the public . It could have been a great Christmas release instead of this terrible end of summer dud . Seems like Lucas Arts is suffering from the same sort of issues as EA . Previously , a great game company that does n't seem to care much about the quality or fun factor of the games they release .
 This game is playable , especially on the medium level . Great story . Definitely fun at times.Try anything harder than that and it becomes an exercise in frustration . The targeting system is fatally flawed . It does n't give appropriate weight to proximity and often results in your force attacks being wasted upon objects on the other side of the room instead of , say , that 30 foot AT-ST standing right in front of you . You can work around this on the lower difficulty levels ... but on more advanced levels when one misstep results in your death ... get ready to swear a lot . The save checkpoints are at times distant from each other ... adding icing to the cake.No multiplayer . Let me state that again for the back row ... it 's a FPS without multiplayer.It takes 2-3 hits with your lightsaber to kill things like storm troopers . Are you kidding me?Admittedly , I had high expectations . I 've played the Jedi Knight series on the PC . Though the graphics are undeniably better in Force Unleashed , the gameplay is actually worse than those decade old PC games.Bleh !
 Lame . The word to describe this waste of your time and money . The story is lame , and at times will make you cringe . The game play is lame as you seem to do the same thing over and over and over again . There are far better Star Wars video games . There is no creative aspect to this game . Yes , there are some cool force powers , but KOTOR had that . The story confuses several pre-New Hope story lines , and has nothing to offer other than another example of how Lucasarts cares only for sales .
 This game was good , but it was way to short . I was expecting at least 20 hours of game play , and instead got 8 . Best thing to do is rent it out and just play it . Anyone could pass this game in about 8 hours or less . There is no depth once you pass it ; that is it nothing special about it . Hope Knights of the old Republic makes a comeback , because that is the only star wars game -LRB- besides lego star wars -RRB- that was worth any $ # @t .
 I think this game is a good buy at 29.00 . or less , but not $ 60 . The reason is that the game is nothing really detailed or depth to it . It is running around killing anything that moves and moving on to the next mission . Although you can customize the abilities , they do not seem to make that much of a difference . As you go you unlock more abilities that make for more fun ways of killing the opponents , but even then , it is just more of the same . The game is very linear , and not that imaginative for a star wars game . You really just do not feel your a jedi any more than you feel your the god of war , since they both feel much the same , except this one has a light saber , and only half as good.In short , your money is better spent buying God Of War for less than half the price , and get more game .
 The platforming elements are not good.You feel like a weakling.The force throw is just about broken.It 's just , not fun . Sorry .
 The fact that so many people have given this piece of Ca $ h in Tra $ h an 80 % rating here?That means that those of us who care , who are a little more discerning about what garbage is foisted on us , are screwed.This title deserves maybe 30 % . Why?Read On : I realize this review is late but I avoided the game as reviews told me I 'd be let down . I had now idea how down , or angry , it would make me.I received it as a gift.That person is off my gift list ! > ; PFirstly : I 've been a gamer since the Atari 2600 back in 1975 . Therefore , with the amount I 've spent in nearly 4 decades on consoles and titles , , I 'm very discerning about which games I buy.I 've rarely bought , or enjoy games that , -LRB- when I now check them on gamerankings.com -RRB- , rate under 80 % . That said , this game , were it not for the Star Wars tie in , would DEFINITELY have been scored lower and made million $ le $ $ in sales.It 's that weak.I should note I started game on hardest difficulty , -LRB- well not THE hardest . Luca $ #art $ wo n't allow you to select it till after you 've suffered all the way thru this Sith Trial of Agony in it 's entirety once -RRB- , as always , but `` cheap AI '' and `` poor quality control '' should n't be part of the difficulty.I 've just traded my copy , -LRB- I nearly snapped it in half -RRB- , after getting to the level in the Death Star , where one has to force push 7 mechanisms into their slots , in the massive Death Star laser collector array area . As with the whole game , the geniuses at Luca $ art $ thought it would be WISE to put a cinematic at the start of each area that is difficult , where you are SURE to die at least a few times , if not more.This means you get to sit through the intro cinematic , over , and over and over . . `` Why not just click a button and skip it ?! `` Ahh , but the money manager $ at Luca $ art $ would n't allow for that . `` Make them spend HOURS re-watching cinematics and replaying cheap levels , and that 'll make the VALUE of the game increase because it 'll take sooo much longer to finish ! -LRB- snicker -RRB- '' -LRB- rather than auto saving progress at intervals or giving the option to manually save - although there is a `` save '' option in the menu but it has no apparent affect whatsoever . -RRB- And as for Load times?WELCOME TO 1994 and the era of the first Playstation!It 's really that bad.Actually worse!Loading times for menus , and sub menu 's is INSANE.We 're talking 5 to 8 seconds - and I 'm playing the game off the hard drive !? NO Excuse.The AI?It 's cheap - killing you from off screen with no way to see , or target , some enemies.Ahh targeting.Listen Jedi
 i loved the game played it before so i decided to order it.so i did , but when it arrived and i took the disc out to check and see if their was any scratches . what do you know theres a huge scratch on it so i think to myself `` oh well maybe it will work anyways '' and when i put it in the xbox it says this disc is unreadable . so i email the guy and he says `` sorry the game is sold as is '' but when i bought the game it didnt say `` SOLD AS IS '' anywere.so over all i give this duechbag a 0 out of 10 and will never being buying from this seller ever again .
 the story of the game is sound . There are a few things that sorta clash with the movies , but for the most part , it works.The game play is horrible . This game was rushed . The AI is borderline too good - on the normal setting . There are levels where you ca n't ever get up because the AI shoot you , and you fall down , and by the time you recover , they shoot you again . The whole Force Powers are great , except as soon as you get one set of force powers , there 's a bad guy that cancels them out - and oh yea , they are the only type of bad guy on that level.I understand the point of having bad guy types that can resist your Force Powers , but there , not as bad as the game is.The Star Destroyer level is perhaps the single most frustrating part of video gaming I have ever played . This part is the reason why I give the game 2 stars instead of 4 . I got the game for two reasons , 1 . I thought it would be fun to run around and use Force Powers on storm troopers - it is , for the first half of the game anyway . 2 . I wanted to know more of the story of what happened between Episodes III , and IV . It fills that part in well I think .
 Imma give them props for the story . I read the novel `` The Force Unleashed '' two and a half years ago before I played the video game , and I really liked the story . However , now that I finally got around to playing the game itself ... when it comes to the video game , the gameplay sucks major donkey doo doo . I think the two other star wars games that I have , -LRB- Jedi Outcast & Jedi Academy -RRB- are better in terms of gameplay . Force Unleashed is prettier , but Outcast and Academy 's gameplay is wayyy better , and they are much longer games too . Force Unleashed took two days to complete . But that 's ok . I 'm not gon na complain so much about the game so much though , since it only cost me $ 10 bucks brand new anyway . But I still wish Lucasart 's people would put more effort into developing their games . With star wars being the successful franchise that it is , the name `` star wars '' alone is not enough to get the job done . Lucasarts need to back up the name `` Star Wars '' with better substance and tech in their video game . The substance was there , because the story was great . It 's just that the tech was not , because the game play was n't all that great .
 I was pretty excited to get this game . I thought it would follow in the Lucas Arts standard in high quality Star Wars games . It has been in development for +4 years and there has been a lot of hype and excitement about the game . Loaded it up and was n't captured by it immediately . The physics engine was neat -LRB- splintering trees -RRB- and force powers you would expect Vader to have . After playing a few levels I had a good feel for how the game was going however was disappointed in the story . So when I finished the game and replayed it second time for alternate ending I was very jaded with it.Lucas Arts failed horribly to execute what could have been a promising game . The first disappointment -LRB- and biggest -RRB- was the story line . It was not very exciting or engaging and I was left feeling I accomplished nothing but watched a third rate rip off stars novel made into game . I also thought the game would be more dynamic , the only part of the story based on your actions was the final ending . Everything else was the same no matter how you played story line wise . I was expecting a lot more to be included about how you behaved and had the story evolve around your dark and light choices.That aside the game was the most buggy console game I have every played . Both times I played through my objectives got bugged and from about half way through to the end the optional objectives would not track my accomplishments . The optional mission object would appear as Default * or Nil and the force cubes and points would not increment . The research I have done about this shows its fairly common on the X Box and Plantation version of the game . This strikes me as totally unacceptable in a console game where you can not blame a systems configuration.The other large bug actually affects game play . The engine does a poor job letting players land where it will let them . For example if you land on a plant near a wall your character will appear to be floating unable to move and takes a few seconds of wiggling sticks to break free . This applies to just about any surface near a wall if the surface or wall are slanted . There are also area 's where you can get stuck between plants or other objects unable to escape . I even had it have me side down a wall into a pit which was meant to be auto death but did not kill me . Some very interesting clipping errors down there and a game load later was able to move on.This game is pretty and had promise however it was probably the most disappointing Star Wars game I have ever played . Maybe Lucas Arts has lost their touch ?
 It 's amazing that a company like Lucas Arts , with all it 's money and resources , ca n't make a great game.This game is n't horrible overall but it does have many horrible moments . The boss levels are just aweful for one thing . The fighting mechanic needs lots of work , namely in the targeting and deffence moves . Also , I never really felt I was in control of my character the way I should be , like the way you are in Ninja Gaiden for example.The level design is something from 10 years ago and very arcade like . The levels are boring , repetitious and uncreative . You really do n't feel like you are in a Star Wars experience . Just some lame game where you run around killing bad guys in a room . You 're probably better off just playing the Demo of this game because after one level it 's the same thing over and over . Lucas Arts had something good here and should have handed this off to another developer who could have pulled this together . The story is not bad and the art direction is really great . Nice graphics and presentation . Overall I would say do n't waste your money and just rent this game if you are curious . This game is not in the same league as games like Gears of War , Ninja Gaiden or God of War .
 The game play is good . The story is great but the game is way too short . 6 - 10 hours . Rent it.I was in shock that it end so soon .
 The game has the feel of being half done . The refined parts that take it from being good to being great are not there . You fight with the controls more than you do with the enemies . All the fun elements are there , but without the solidity of something developed all the way through . You 'll have many hours of frustration trying to get the character to aim at the right thing . The targeting is weak , the character building is awkward , and the save points land oddly.All in all , a good concept with fun aspects that needed another few months to work the bugs out .
 This game is a pretty typical button masher action game . However , as you progress , you have to think quite a bit about how you wish to spend points to specialize your character . For me , this took away from the button mashing fun as the abilities I gained did not feel different enough to be interesting .
 I enjoyed much of `` The Force Unleashed . '' The graphics are very good and the gameplay was not perfect but it was solid . Having the ability to use the force and move objects was great fun . I also enjoyed being able to customize my character . Unfortunately , the game was ruined for me with the sequence ** SPOILER ALERT ** where you pull down the star destroyer . I spent hours trying to complete this section . I watched videos and read tips . But still I could not complete that section of the game . The on screen controls are incorrect . And no amount of wiggling the ship around to get it into alignment would put me in the `` green '' enabling me to complete the task . -LRB- I actually did manage to pull the ship partially down but the lower it got , the more out of sync the control suggestions seem to be . -RRB- It 's terribly frustrating to put time and energy into a game and then be unable to finish it due to technical issues . Do a google search on `` Force Unleashed star destroyer '' and you will find loads of threads documenting user complaints about this part of the game . LucasArts should be ashamed of themselves ; the game should never have shipped with this glaring flaw . At the very least , a patch fix should have been implemented . I did enjoy other sections of the game and I thought that the story was well developed . But the star destroyer portion was a complete deal breaker for me .
 Being as I 'm something of a cynical jerk , and usually anything with the attached phrases of `` badass '' or `` kickass '' set off my `` ANGER '' button , I had absolutely low expectations for this game , whereas I also hoped it could convert me ; similar to how Jedi Knights II and III had much of the attached phrases of `` badass '' and `` kickass '' attached to them , yet I found them enjoyable by themselves without the uninteresting stories.Because I 'm a cynical jerk , I have to get out of the way the unimportant complaints first
 not impressed . no new mechanics , boring . sold immediately after initial disinterest . long for the days of revolutionary KOTOR-style innovation . graphics not astounding .
 This game played a tug and war between love and hate until finally I gave into the dark side and recognized it for what it is . It 's an awful game . If you enjoy strategy and cunning this game is NOT for you . It 's only the 2nd game in my 37 years that I destroyed rather than wasting one more second on it . I gave it 2 stars for fun because chucking enemies is great but one star because I hope no one else wastes their time on this . Do n't waste your time on this game .
 I was really looking forward to this game and the demo was good on live but the overall game play is just bad . The story is good but the game play and level up are bad . There 's alot of spots where you just get stuck and ca n't find where to go or how to shut off laser fields . I 'm sick of buying strategy guides so my advice is to wait and buy a used copy and get the guide or save your money there are alot of cool games coming out this fall .
 Sloppy Sloppy Sloppy Controls and the absolute worst camera ever absolutely kill any fun that could be had with this one .
 I have been a fan of Lucasarts and Star Wars for more than a decade . The Jedi Knight series was one of the best video game franchises ever created.If you were hoping for a fun , quality game stay away from this.If you are a fan of bland level design , complicated button mashing combos , pathetic story lines , and stupid enemies - get this game.I found that this game only reminded me of far better games , and ultimately made me wish I had never bought it in the first place .
 As many have already said , this game is way too short . Unless there 's a ton of DLC on the way they should 've charged half price . Granted its fun to play but I was through it in 2 nites . And I 'm no hardcore gamer.The game should 've continued at the end instead of teasing a 3rd istallment . For a game with no online play , its definitely disappointing . The only way to make it better is to introduce online play or give us a bunch of FREE DLC missions .
 Of course we all know the computers players can do things that your players can not , but damn . The computer throws balls through your defenders , receivers and scat-back will break 6-7 tackles on the way to the endzone and your receivers with 99 speed will be run down by the computers linebacker with speed rated at 84 . Corners randomly run away from receivers leaving them wide open for long touchdown passes ... consistently . You can have a receiver double-teamed and they will both just run away from the reciever . Litterally ... that is not an exaggeration . No play action or nothing ... just run towards the line of scrimmage . It has to be some kind of glitch in the game . If all that was already said was not bad enough , it freezes up in the second half of the spring game ... consistently . I exchanged a copy for another copy that does the exact same thing . EA dropped the ball on this one !!!!
 The graphics , playbooks , and many other game features seem to be slightly improved -LRB- not $ 50 worth though -RRB- but the controls are horrible . They 've eliminated the 2005 classic control option . Both new control options have eliminated the ability to switch which player you control in 2 directions - example
 I bought 07 with the highest expectations and have owned every NCAA since Super Nintendo . The game should not change so radically in a year and still feel so cheap . The helmet on some players turn from Revolution to classic and I have even seen some players turn from black to white ! The momentum feature is just cheap looking . The ability to Pump up the crowd is now not available if you play a defensive lineman . Only LB 's and DB 's can pump the crowd so that is a lost option when I play . The kicking game was the best I had seen in a football game . This new style using the right stick is terrible . It is like so many other tries at making a kicking game where you might as well close your eyes and hope for the best . This new kicking game ruins strategy because you cant rely on field goals or even extra points . The new graphics feel cheap compared to 06 and frankly I will stay with 06 until I see better . EA has done some nice things with this franchise and each year they made small adjustments to try to perfect a game that was almost perfect in my opinion but have totally ruined it . If you hold the licensing for a franchise you should be held accountable . EA has taken a giant step backwards in football play wiht NCAA 07 and I hope they will fix this for 08 but I will be sure to rent it first before I waste my money on another terrible edition .
 This game is the worst of all the previous NCAA football games at least since 2002 . The kicking game is horrendous . The Campus Legend mode is a joke and many things have been changed on offense and defense in a negative way . This game is atrocious .
 John , the reason bush is on the cover is because it 's against NCAA regs to use a college player 's likeness to make money . Therefore they have to use kids that are no longer playing college ball . That 's also why there are no names for any of the players in the game.It 's one of the many insanely stupid rules the NCAA has come up with , but there it is .
 This is what happens when Companies have no competitionThey can make mockery 's of a game like this this is even worse than MaddenI didnt think it could get worse than maddenWho likes college football you dont get player names only numbers who wants to play a game without player namesHEY MESSAGE TO EA SPORTS STOP FREKIN MAKING STUPID FOOSEBALL GAMES AND START MAKING THE GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME AGAINMVP BASEBALL
 We tried to install this expansion pack several times . I e-mailed EA Games and they did not return my e-mail . I did call them -LRB- NO toll-free telephone number available -RRB- and spoke with a very nice man who offered a couple solutions . One solution involved going to the EAGames website and getting a patch `` EA - 1.41 Full Patch '' . This did not work . Another solution involved UNinstalling the original Battlefield 2 -LRB- with Special Forces -RRB- , but we were uncertain whether my account would be lost . So we are now returning this expansion pack . Amazon was easy to work with in handling this return . We will probably go to the EAGames website and download the product rather than deal with a CD . It should n't be this difficult .
 I 've already wasted major hours trying to install the booster pack to no avail . I 've been asked all kinds of passwords -LRB- none worked -RRB- and ended up uninstalling BF2 altogether . Lucky for me I have BF2 installed on two pc 's so I was able to still run my original BF2 on the other one . I 've never seen such a complicated way of installing a program . It is enfuriating , stupid , cumbersome and a waste of time.Customer support ?? hahaha ... good luck . you need passwords for that too.BF2 is a great game but some idiots at EA really got away with lunacy .
 I would n't recommend anything by EA ever . Their tech support barely speaks any kind of english and it 's very likely that you will have to call their tech support . Good luck at getting any real help . I can safely say this because I have called them many times over this very game right here . I log on to my EA account to check any updates on my problem and find none . It 's been 3 days and they claimed that I will have something in 24 hours . Even though I can log in to send them emails and check the status of my problem , when I try to log onto their EA download manager it says that there is n't an account with that email address . It 's the same email address !!! In short , I paid $ 15.00 for this game and got nothing more than a box without any software . They are , by far , the worse software company that I have ever dealt with , microsoft included.PS ... I see that amazon is going to make me give them a rating of at least one star . I would prefer to give them a rating of zero .
 I like B2 very much ! But when I bought the booster pack and got it installed I found out they wanted a credit card number to bill to when you connect to their server to play the game you bought from them . I have been in contact with EA games and still have n't , and most likely wo n't , ever get a resolution to the issue !
 The Battlefield 2 Booster Pack Collection has a ridiculously complicated registration process . I regret having made the purchase . Potential purchasers should just say `` NO '' to Electronic Arts for treating software customers like this !
 I will never buy another product from EA . This `` booster pack '' is nothing more than a few mediocre maps with recycled guns to go along with it . If that was not bad enough , no one actually plays the new maps anyway . You 'll be hard pressed to find a game with more than 25 people in it.and to top it off , you need to log onto EA 's website to register the packs to ONE ALIAS you have from BF2 . So if you and your siblings play , or you have more than one Alias , you can only play any of the bonus content on one of them.Not to mention , EA 's website has some serious problems , and out of all of the games I 've registered , this one has been by far , hands down , the WORST . It took several tries attempting to get EA to recognize the CD-Key I entered.EA is the devil and gamers should boycott their games .
 This pack works by attaching itself to your online account , which is different from your screen name . If you do n't have it all straight , it wo n't work . An example of anti piracy punishing the paying customers .
 To call the registration process a nightmare is an act of extreme kindness . I am an IT professional , yet have spent several hours just trying to get the expansion pack to work , without success . Unless you just have nothing to do all day , find a different game .
 Bought the expansion pack with the hopes of playing some new maps with new weapons and vehicles ... but instead I 'm been doing the run around trying to register my product . Customer service is trying to be helpful but I still have n't it gotten to work which is crazy . I 'd say skip this expansion . You only get a few more weapons and some small maps . I do n't see that it 's worth the hassel of registering the product .
 When I bought this title for 39.99 , the original without all the expansions was right next to it for 9.99 . If I had known that the expansions requirean internet account to access , I would have saved 30 bucks . I paid for the original and the expansions and can only access the original due to theirshort-sighted copy protection scheme . I bought this game for the SP , my connection will not work for MP . I feel cheated . Never fear though , I WILLfind a way to access what I paid for ; -RRB-
 The games graphics are pretty good , but the gameplay is REALLY bad!The music is bad too , I mean , who 's heard of `` the sloppy meat eaters ? `` All in all I rate this game a 2 out of 10 .
 This game stinks , the fact that it was ever created or even thought of bafels , perplexes , and flumixes me beyond all utter belief . I , being a superb master of all that is video games have astronomically , and not to mention cosmically come to the rock solid conclusion that this game bothers me and wo n't allow me to sleep . You wan na talk content , lets talk about graphics , they stink , there might as well not even be graphics . The music is guterally foul and sickining . I mean come on , who in the world has ever heard of the sloppy meat eaters . Maybe I 'm retarted but I sure have n't heard of them . If you 've ever considered replacing you roll of toilet paper in the bathroom with something else , Razor Scooter would make a fine replacement . Hey it 's as cheap as toilet paper , right ? I recommend the VHS edition of RODENTZ over this garbage . You know , that movie about the pack of rats that eats people and somehow manages to throw sexuality into it .
 I bought this game expecting to play a good style of fighting game -LRB- the first Die Hard arcade game -RRB- . But of course , I was completely wrong . The game is pretty fun , but only for the first 20 minutes or 5 missions . After that , it 's the most repetitive and boring game I 've played . After about 20 missions the only thing that kept me going is the cutscenes in between to see how much is differed from the movie . If you want to waste some time , and money , buy this game , or rent it . But do n't expect anything good .
 well , it was an okay game - besides the fact i beat it in 21/2 hours ! The first few levels of the game are exciting . If all the levels were as good i 'd give this a 5 star reveiw ! But , they 're not . You get to be John Anderton , head of the Pre-Crime organization , stopping murders -LRB- in the game called `` Red Balls '' - if you ever saw the movie . stopping the murders are fun , until you 're the suspect . You 're basically just running away from Pre-Crime the whole game!But , you get to also have a little fun along the way ... as in beating up the police , getting into street fights , riots , and all sorts of weird stuff . Plus the weapons are pretty good . You have a grenade launcher , a wasp launcher -LRB- just like that needler thingy in Halo , only better -RRB- , a pulse gun , shotgun , machine gun -LRB- which by the way is n't very effective -RRB- and a cool little grenade launcher that makes people throw up and get sick !! From what you 've heard , you probably are thinking `` Oh Gee , This must Be A Great Game ! '' Well all that i just mentioned you never really have to use . The levels are SOO short . at the most , the 4th level took me an hour -LRB- but that was the best level -RRB- . all the others after that took me about 5 minutes each , sometimes even 3 or 4 !!! So , if you like to waste money , GET THE GAME !!! If you 're smart and you do n't have the I.Q. of a garden snail - DON `` T BOTHER !! It 'll be for your own good . trust me !
 When I first heard that Minority Report , the game was coming out for console systems , I was excited . So , I went out and bought the game , seeing that the screenshots looked pretty exciting . The game is pretty good , but ONLY for the first 4 or 5 levels . After that , it 's basically the same annoying thing for 40 levels !! The combat system is pretty decent and fun , the weapons are ok , but nothing more than that . The camera is annoying enough to make you want to give the game to a friend , and the story is full of gaps and plot holes -LRB- even though it 's made after a movie !! -RRB- . If you want to waste a few hours and about fifty dollars , this is the game for you .
 Do n't get this game it is so boring I tried it and hated it . The controls are so annyoying , you have to press r2 and L2 just to step and you have to hold R1 to turn and ... , I mean its terrible and another bad thing is the view . If your lookin for a game like robotech or mech warriors this is not for you . I mean who needs a game where if you get to close to the robot it steps on u and if you are too far away you can lose it behind a building and could be going backwards and you do n't notice . It is so stupid . Please do yourself a favor , do n't ever get this game .
 Bought it for my son to use with his PS3 . I 've used Motorola before and liked them , although I have to say PLantronics makes a clearer unit.Well , my son used it for a day , then stopped . When I asked him why , he said it `` does n't stay connected '' to his PS3 . I watched what he did and indeed it drops the bluetooth connection.Motorola has been zero help .
 ProsSetting up this device with my PS3 was easy.Its fun to chat with friends and in game.ConsThe mic is almost satisfactory , the audio is muffled a bit.The fit is terrible . I feel as though I have to sit still in order to keep this thing clipped to my ear.Overall , I think I might check out a USB mic to see if I can get better audio quality and a better fit .
 Cables arrived on time , easy to get out of the packaging , and self-explanatory to hook up . The first couple of games I tried , things looked and sounded great , but with some games that were downloaded -LRB- original Super Mario Bros , for example -RRB- , half my screen is black and green vertical stripes . I have tried someone else 's set of cables and am not having this issue . I 've also tried going back to standard red , yellow , white , and am not having this issue , either . The plugs are not very snug - they 're pretty loose , and I had to actually hold them in place while I moved the rest of this cable behind the TV . For the games I play most often , I 'm getting quality picture and sound - a good deal for what I paid for this . But , I am disappointed in some games being not playable at all , as well as the loose fitting connection . I would not repurchase this set of cables .
 What can else can I say . This cable had a lot of lines in the screen and it started flashing after a couple of hours of use . The same Wii and LCD work just fine with another component cable I bought . Great seller , cheap cable .
 Honestly , the picture looks better using the default composite cables . Let your HDTV scaler do the work . All these cable do is makes everything sharper . . and that includes all the jaggies . I 'm going back to the composite cables .
 The Wii does not recognize this cable as component . If you bought these to get high-definition 480p video out of your Nintendo , these will make your games look like an old silent film instead . The Nintendo will not allow me to change the definition from 480i to 480p , it is silent and the picture is green and white . I 've checked the cable for a switch to perhaps change it from standard to HD , but there is no such switch.I 've connected the cables properly into the back of my HDTV and likewise into the back of the nintendo , but I can not adjust the settings in the Wii menus to display in 480p . The cables are bunk and not worth your money . I am returning them right away and getting component cables that actually work .
 I ordered this item and they cancelled my order because they did not have enough stock to fufill it . I wonder why they allowed me to order when they did n't have the inventory to fufill this . I 'm not very happy with this company and will most likely not order from them again .
 I bought this cable because I lost the Nintendo component cable for my Wii when I moved . Not wanting to spend up to $ 30 on the product , I found these on Amazon . They do not work as well as the 1st party cables . Every time I turn on the Wii , the entire bottom half of the screen in fuzzy and the screen goes black every 15 seconds with a message claiming the resolution of the Wii is not compatible with the television . On the same TV with the same console & settings , this message did not appear previously . The only reason I rate it a 2 and not a 1-star is because I was dumb enough to believe a quality cable for $ 5.60 existed . Definitely never going 3rd party again !
 I have sony LCD 40 inch TV . I read review about component cable and i bought this cable.It is ok . I did not see much diffrence between original composite cable came with WII and this component cable.I change 480P even not much change . Bought in $ 4 so no much worry about return because return shipping will take more money then product value .
 I got this product so that my wii would play on my LCD widescreen tv with better resolution . Unfortunately when I plugged it in , the TV would not recognize that a widescreen signal was being passed through the cable and would only display in 4:3 ratio . I tried changing the settings on the wii to no avail . I could change the settings on the TV to force it to display 16:9 , but then I lost the resolution of the picture which was the point of the cables in the first place . When I used the orginal cable that comes with the Wii , the tv recognizes the widescreen settings just fine . Oh well , it was worth a shot .
 cheap cable that induce noise to the signal . I expected good image from a digital cable , but this create more noise than the analog I have .
 I did n't really see too much difference with these hd cables . There was a little difference and I guess for the price its well worth it . Just dont get your hopes up when ordering these
 These wires worked fine for a month then went bad . I started to get annoying colored lines filling the TV screen . Switched back to the standard A/V cables and all was fine . Would n't you know these cables stop working two days after my window to return them . I guess you get what you pay for . Just know with something this cheap you 're in a crap-shoot to get a good set , a bad set , or good ones that go bad .
 Its a piece of Toadstool . Skip this thing if you want to skip a headache . Worked for a while , then you 'll notice the screen flashing ... Its the cable saying &#34; I 'm junk ! &#34;
 it sucks big time , guess just 3 of the cords are actually working , it worked for a little bit then stopped working , went back with the original nintendo red-yellow-white . sucks big time , dont waste your money
 Hooked this unit up and got severe blurring of images and loss of of image sync . I know the cable was inexpensive but performance was very disappointing , much worse that standard composite video .
 These cables were malfunctioning on arrival . At first I thought it was my Wii , but now that I have tested my Wii with different HD cables and tested these cables with a different Wii , I have discovered that the cables themselves are defective . Of course the return policy was extremely short-lived , so it 's far too late now to return them .
 I purchased this cable after reading reviews , knowing that I 'd be taking advantage of my 42 inch LCD-TV . What I did n't realize is that the cable is of very poor quality , I assumed this was the case because of the price.Component is obviously much better than the factory composite cables , so I wo n't get into that.This cable has little to no shielding in it , which in my case , caused very noticeable interference on the TV.I saw about 3 sections of ` fuzzy ' scanning lines , slowly making their way up the screen.I searched this issue and found some people could get the lines to go away if they unplugged the audio , wiggle connectors , etc. . none of this worked for me.The interference sections are quite annoying , so I went ahead and bought the Monster component cables from Amazon.They were cheaper than the official Nintendo component cables at the time of purchase.Once I received the Monster brand in , I compared the two cables.The Monster cable is of MUCH higher quality -LRB- double shielded was the selling point for me -RRB- . Monster cable is about 3 times the thickness of these cheap 3rd party cables.When I started the Wii with the Monster cables hooked up , the image was rock solid!No more annoying fuzzy scanning lines!In my opinion , I 'd recommend buying the Monster Gamelink cable , so you know your chances of interference on the TV are extremely low !
 this the 1st of 3 times I purchased something from bluemall that either was defective or wasnt as pictured . I contacted them and they never responded until a month later when I inquired about when I was going to get my replacement and they said they had sent one , but the post office must have lost it .
 If you 're the thrill seeking type , then go ahead and give this one a go . Otherwise , pay the extra money and get a product that has some type of warranty/guarantee associated with it . In my case , I went cheap and payed the price for it . The cable DID come to my home . Too bad one connector was bent beyond recognition . When I attempted to put it in place , it snapped . Kudos go to the inventor of the plastic component connection . A big thanks to BargainCell for their amazing quality control ...
 This product works well for games , but the Wii menu looks terrible with it . I guess it 's b/c of all the white and grey or something .
 It works when it works but FREQUENTLY the connector to the Wii needs nudging or a slight twist to get the picture to stay on the screen . Otherwise you either get -LRB- 1 -RRB- complete video loss , -LRB- 2 -RRB- flickering video , -LRB- 3 -RRB- loss of colors or prominence of just one color . This knock-off was terrible . The only positive is that when the video is actually steady it does output 480p , which is the highest current resolution of the Wii .
 This product says `` Nintendo Wii HD Component Cable '' but do not let that trick you into thinking this is the actual NINTENDO brand cable . Silly me for believing that it would be such a low price . . I guess you get what you pay for , because this thing is junk . I actually switched to my normal A/V cable after using this for two days . The whole entire Wii froze up and the TV started making a buzzing sound , and the sound persisted until I unplugged the audio outlet for these cables , causing me to suspect the cable itself is the culprit , especially considering it had never done anything similar before ! This is quite concerning , considering we have a forty inch flat screen TV , and of course the Wii , that I felt this cable might have the ability to damage.Terrible , do not buy .
 Purchased this to get a better picture on my big screen . The sound was horrible there must be a short in the right side audio plug -LRB- produces static -RRB- The picure was not better then the red/white/yellow plug the wii came with and the wii menu was actually worse . It would cost more to return then it cost to begin with so I guess i will just eat it .
 All kinds of wavy line distortions on this cable . The image had a constant jitter to it , and every now and then the video signal would drop out all together for about two seconds -LRB- sucks when you are trying to play a game ! -RRB- I have my Wii set up on two television , I bought this second set of cables so I can just pick up the wii and move it to another room , cables ready to go . Everything worked fine on the other cables in the other room . I ended up purchasing a Belkin set of cables that work just fine.It looks like these cable are `` crap shoots '' . You may get one that works , you may not . I say , just buy something of quality , save the headache .
 using this cable with my 42 '' HDTV , the video is totally washed out , anything close to white is saturated , no matter how I adjust the TV . I 've used other component sources with this same TV without any such problem . I dunno if this is a wii problem , or a problem with this cable , but we reverted to the OEM composite cable and everything is fine . For the cheap price of this cable , its not worth the shipping to return it : - / caveat emptor
 cable works fine with 480i setting , but when changed to 480p , it introduced lots of dotted line noise on 50 '' plasma TV .
 The overall quality of the picture was better than the stock wii cable , however I had 3 static lines that disappeared and reappeared from the top to the bottom of the screen . It was extremely annoying . I purchased the HD cable made by Monster Cable and it looks PERFECT ! Do n't go cheap on this cable ... waste of $ .
 My order arrived on time and undamaged -- however , it was returned because of differences in the item pictured . Picture shows gold-plated terminals , but the terminals are n't gold-plated . Picture shows 2 different `` Red '' plug shapes , but all plugs were exactly the same shape.Thanks , Amazon -- for the convenient , hassle-free Return Policy !!
 The colors are distorted to a green tint and the stereo sound does n't work properly unless you mess with the cable connection on the back of the Wii . It seems like shoddy construction on the connector . Even though it was cheap , it was still a waste of money .
 The title says it all . Save your money . The product arrived with no problems and appeared fine out of the wrapper . Once I got it hooked up to a 32 '' Vizio , there was terrible static all over the screen ! It was comparable to tuning in a TV station with an old fashioned antenna . I unhooked it in disgust and will stick with the clear picture from the standard definition cables that came with the Wii !
 Connection to the TV is too tight so when you plug it in or pull it out you would have to use a lot of force on each port and that could eventually wreck the component ports.Connection to the Wii is horrible . Constantly loses connection and color fades every few seconds.Do not waste your money .
 I brought the cable because I just upgraded the game TV to be a 42 '' . Initially one component color is lost . It was the connector on the side of the WII console . The full color comes back when the connector was pushed securely onto the console , or wiggle a bit until the full color reappears.Gradually , pushing the connector tight into the socket does n't work that much . But my kids prefer one less component color in the 480p mode , than the going back to the composite 480i image . Now I use two rubber bands to hold the plug tight , but still need occasionally hand adjustment.As the contacts are loose , that can explain all the reported troubles like flickering , washed out colors , and complete lost of image.The electrical contacts are very small and deep inside the plug , so I guess I ca n't do much about it otherwise.The cable is obviously not from Nintendo , so you get what you pay for.I would n't spend too much on a cable as a new WII will be coming soon . Not that I will upgrade immediately but that will give me an idea how long to keep the old model.It 's worth a bet for a few dollars , and be sure to ask for a replacement or refund at the first sign of trouble before it 's too late . I bet once you get stable video , it ca n't get worse . But it did .
 Unfortunately , the cable did not work . So I had to buy a new cable at another seller . Buyer be warned .
 You buy what you pay . This product did not work . I tried to connect my Wii with my Sharp Aquos , there is no image , just sound . DO N'T BUY !!! THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK !!!
 I am very upset with the seller for this product . I placed an order on March 5th for Nintendo Wii HD component Cableby Vista @ $ 2.19 plus $ 2.98 S&H ; and I get an email today March 7th stating : Dear C ****** Mendozadue to the high demand of item you ordered , we can not fulfill your item -LRB- s -RRB- at this moment ; we are terribly sorry to inform you that we are going to cancel this order , and the payment money will be refunded in 3-5 business days.sincerely apologize for this inconvenienceIf you have any further questions please feel free to contact me viaemail or by phone @ -LRB-626-RRB-593-5001 M-F 9am-5pm PSTAmazon Bargaincell Customer ServiceThis is bull **** now the product is offered by the same company for more money ! $ 4.90 I think this is ridiculous ! I already told my kids I ordered this for them ! Very frustrated poor customer service !
 Length :
 These DS Styluses are not worth the money . I wanted something that would fit into the DS stylus slot like the original . It did not . It falls right out . That 's why they include 3 of them , because you 'll lose them very quickly .
 Yes they were new but they do n't even stay in my ds . It keeps falling out . Next time I will be sure to buy namebrand and not generic .
 Be aware that these `` 99 '' styluses come with a disproportionately high shipping fee for something that fits in a standard envelope . In addition , they are of noticeably poor quality - much less than that of the Nintendo 's own stylus , and fit in the stylus tray somewhat tentatively . You could find better styluses at the same price elsewhere .
 I have the original DS and these stylus ' do n't `` lock '' in they slip out if you tip it over . I had to put tape around the top so it stayed put . Do n't recommend these .
 I purchased these for my Daughters Nintendo DS . This is the original DS . These Stylus are too small and so fall out of the designated hole on the unit . Consequently all three are now also lost and I shall have to purchase some more replacements . I am very disappointed as I researched and the description advertises for the size I needed . I wo n't buy again unless I can see and make sure the size is correct .
 I know it 's a bit odd to write a review for such a basic and inexpensive item , but reading this may avoid some frustration and headache . The stylus ' work fine . However , if you try to slide them into the stylus slot in your Nintendo DS , you will see that they are smaller than the Nintendo brand equivalent and will get stuck . So , either you pick it out with a knife each time you use it , or you stow your stylus elsewhere -LRB- and hence lose it easily -RRB- .
 It works as a stylus , but it is too small , and does not stay in the Nintendo DS Original stylus slot .
 !!! DO NOT BUY !!! You will not get what is pictured on the top of this page . You will not get what is described in the description . These are rip-offs and rather expensive rip-offs at that.I received DS Lite Stylus , but I did n't want a DS Lite Stylus , I wanted the stylus that would fit into the the spot . . It does n't .
 I ordered these hoping to replace the stylus for my original DS . I received 3 styli for the NDS Lite , not the the styli for the original DS as pictured . These do not fit the stylus slot for the original DS .
 They advertised these for the Nintendo DS . I got them for the Nintendo DS Lite . I do n't have a Nintendo DS Lite . You can imagine how angry I am .
 Then pens that I received were not the same as I had expected . The ones were for Nintendo DS LITE and not for the first Nintendo DS -LRB- the fatter one -RRB- .
 The primary picture for this item shows a pack of three original DS styluses that look exactly like the ones for the original -LRB- i.e. phat -RRB- DS.The shipped products were knockoffs that were too thick to fit the holder in my original DS . The shipped items have a clear nub while the original DS stylus is grey throughout . This would not be a problem except for the mismatch with the DS stylus slot . These MAY fit a DS Lite , but I do n't have one so I do n't know . I would , however , stay away from this item due to the uncertainty.Item is not as advertised . Buyer beware .
 These stylus do not fit the Nintendo DS stylus holder therefore my child has lost all three of them . The description should say state that these are not the proper stylus for the game system . I am not happy with my purchase .
 This makes the second time I ordered the 3 pack Plastic Stylus that says they fit the Nintendo DS but they DO NOT fit properly . Either they are too short or they just fall out of the holder . I wanted new ones because I 'm trying to sell the DS but if the stylus does not fit then I probably ca n't sell it . Not sure why someone ca n't make one that fits . I did n't return any of them because they were so cheap but I 'm disappointed they do n't fit . Will not order any more .
 We have the original DS -LRB- the one that came out before the DS lite or DS i -RRB- . This stylus does not `` snap '' into the storage slot on the back of the DS , as claimed . It 's way too small . Just loose in there , and falls right out . I do n't know what kind of DS these are made for , but not ours .
 These ARE NOT DS styluses . They DO NOT fit in the stylus slot , and will more than likely be lost in a couple days . Price and shipping were great , but it does n't make up for the fact that these are not what they are labeled / advertised as . So basically , in a week when my son needs a stylus cause all of these teeny tiny NOT DS styluses are gone , I wo n't be ordering these again .
 Okay , so , I ordered this more than a month ago . Then , when I received my order , I found it to be wrong . The styluses I received were for the DS lite . NOT THE ORIGINAL DS , which is what was advertised . Hell , even the image is of the original DS stylus . So , I contacted the seller Westronics , only to not receive any word back from them . Ever . Now , my return window has expired , and I 'm stuck with these stylus for which I have no use . Okay , so this is a , rather odd gripe , but the fact that I can not store it in my DS while not using them , is annoying . In fact , that 's the only reason I bought these . If I wanted ones like this , I could have just gone to the store . And so , I end my rant . DO N'T buy from them . DO NOT give them your money , and lastly -LRB- Unless you have a ds lite -RRB- DO N'T purchase this item .
 If you 're looking for an exact duplicate of the stili that come with the Nintendo DS , look elsewhere . These cheaply made plastic stili somewhat resemble the originals , but they are shorter -LRB- too short for larger hands -RRB- and they do not fit snugly into the stylus slot , but instead fall right out . The vender deceptively claims the stylus `` easily snaps inside a convenient storage slot on the back '' of the DS . This deception worked on me , which is why I wasted my money on the purchase for my new DS .
 The stylist pictured are stylists for the Orginal DS but the ones you get are the ones for the DS lite
 despite saying it would fit it was too fat kind of defeats the purpose . guess it was good it had 3 so when we lose them we 'll have more
 I was disappointed to find that the styli were smaller than I had expected . I was looking for one that would be about as long as the ones that fit in the DS game system . These were about 1/2 the length of that . These were going to be used on a piece of gps layout equipment that we have at the construction company I work for , but given their tiny size -LRB- 3 '' in length -RRB- there is no way I can expect our workers to keep track of , and not lose , this stylus . It may have said the size in the description , but i did not catch onto it , and I can almost guarantee that it would n't stay in the stylus holder spot on a DS as well .
 I bought this for a DS lite ... and they dont fit on the slot 'cause this are a lot smaller , wo n't fit long or wide . Seller MUST be clear on this . they dont work for DS lite , too tiny . Wasted a few bucks here .
 These stylus are WAY smaller then they appear in the picture . I thought they would be like the normal Nintendo DS stylist but they are much smaller & flimsy .
 Although inexpensive and usable , they are not for the DS system and do not fit into the stylus slot . The product description is misleading .
 Someone does n't seem to know the difference between DS and DS lite . I read the review that spoke to how short and small the stylus ' were . For a penny I almost bought several packs . I tend to fall asleep and simply lose the darn thing . Now I use narrow guage fishing line to tie my last TRUE DS stylus to the hinge . The package actually said it was for DS lite . But on your site it only said DS . So one of your vendors has it wrong , since one of your reviewers got the real thing that fits into the pocket . Right now I ca n't check my old order , and have already lost them so ca n't return them . I will check and let you know . Sincerely , E. Zaharopoulos .
 Well I was not happy when I got these and I paid express shipping and did n't get it in express time almost over a week . Also they were the wrong stylus for my DS game which was a DS Lite . Missed represented in description of item . Oh Well live and learn
 I ca n't believe Ubisoft released this game . In 2006 , it 's pathetic that this PC game would be released without joystick support . Ever try to fly a plane using a mouse and W-S-A-D ? It 's not a pretty picture . As far as I 'm concerned , the game is unusable and should never have been released . And try to send an email to Ubisoft to tell them what you think . There 's no email address to be found anywhere on their website . Nice touch .
 The other reviews have discussed each major shortcoming of the game is detail , so I will not repeat them . Rent the game for a fun hour or so of arcade style playing , but do not waste your money buying the game .
 this game was fun movement was kinda restricted due to the controller but the seller was great the game was in great condition and it was in a sealed packeage even though it was used
 The graphics were just ok.The missions were ok but not explained well and not enough of them.You should have been able to select which plane you flew.You should have been able to tell your altitude and air speed.There were no binoculars.The game would not let you climb real high.The flight patterns of the enemy were unrealistic.The torpedo dropping and bombing were unrealistic.I liked the wingman feature and the fact that they listened to your instructions . It was the only strategy part of the game.I got the feeling that the creators of the game just wanted to throw something out there for the 360 without much planning or thought .
 As other reviewers said , this game goes to extremly simple to extremly frustrating . The storymode on this game is a disgrace . For some strange reason , the Japanese , Germans can talk to you in english and they repeat the same lines over and over and over again . It is extremly repetitive and very distracting . I gave up on this game in one day.The graphics itself are not too bad , but the tanks and some of the standard buildings are laughable . They did n't spend too much time making them look somewhat decent . I would have really liked to see more cut scenes and get a break from the same repetitive gameplay -LRB- repetitive is showing up a lot is n't it ?? -RRB- The only thing I really like about the game is the online/multiplayer feature . But most -LRB- not all but most -RRB- games for the 360 feature Live gameplay . If it did n't have this feature , the ratings on this game would go down dramiticly . If you 're somewhat interested in this game , renting it first is a must . You just might save yourself some $ $ $ money $ $ $
 I was so excited for this game . I love WW2 genre games and could n't wait to follow up my amazing CoD2 360 ground war experiences with battles in the sky . From the moment I put in the disc I knew there was trouble.From the fonts to the menu design , it was apparent that they put no thought into the details . Why use a font that 's appropriate for a kid 's birthday party invite in a WW2 game ? Horrible . As for gameplay , it 's simply average . It 's no better than Crimson Skies . In fact , it may be worse . I do n't mind arcade controls in flying games , but do n't make the rest of the game , as in scenery and voice overs , arcade-like . The buildings on the ground are simple boxes . The tanks laughable.I have a kick a $ $ television which renders the graphics as a PS2 game at best . The voices are horribly acted and annoying . Who wants to constantly hear the German pilots insulting my flying skills in a horrible accent ? What a disappointment . Plus , there 's no character development along the way with zero storyline.Don ' t buy it . At best , rent it ; but do n't be shocked if you 're returning it the next day . For me , god is in the details and Ubisoft went atheist with this release .
 This game could have been cool , but they dropped the ball . Were they trying to make a flight sim or a cartoon ? When I first saw it I thought
 Unless youre a huge fan of WW2 planes dont get this , i dont know what happened but if they spent some more time on this it couldve been decent.But they didnt from the begining it looks like they rushed this into production , i meen you can see the game drawing the lines while youre flying around , its pretty distracting , and the gameplay and story line is just as bad , n fact its so bad i dont even want to write any more about it .
 I was very disappointed in this release for the X-360 . I was looking forward to a top-notch air combat game with amazing graphics , precision flight controls -LRB- not Microsoft Flight Simulator , obviously , but something * close * to Ghost Recon but in the air -RRB- a fantasic plot line and wild levels with surprises and challenges to keep me on the edge of my seat.I will have to wait . In the meantime I have Blazing Angels , and feel an honest review might help others in my shoes , perhaps saving you the better half on a hundred dollars , to boot.The air-combat is a joke . I think this needs to be said , and the sooner the better . There is a training section at the start , which is actually pretty fun , you fly an old bi-plane with touchy controls , it is probably the most realistic plane in the game , and I was looking forward to having to focus on keeping my combat aircraft airborne as well as trying to fight in later levels . Sadly , after setting the standard with the training craft -LRB- which you actually have to * try * to keep in the air -RRB- the planes in the rest of the game throw realism out the window . I actually had better luck ignoring things like `` which way is up ? '' and found I can do an upside down barrel roll while shooting my machine guns without pause , performing a double loop and cutting the throttle off completely . The game seems to reward this sort of flying . Forget about realism , just jerk the stick and hammer the gas , it makes no difference.The graphics are nice , but not stunning . There is little time to look around and enjoy the view , as the pace of this game is of the `` next level there will be twice as many bad guys which are faster and tougher so get ready to hold down the ` shoot ' button '' style . The levels follow this theme for the most part , and where they deviate it is to have something frustrating like the `` take photos of the enemy '' level , where the mechanics of taking the photo are not explained and you can spend a lot of time getting frustrated , I did , at least until I went to the X-box website and looked up how to do this level there . I am unimpressed with a game that requires outside research of fundamental directions required to move forward in the game.Finally , for the money I feel this game is a waste , it is not very fun , not original , and a dull experience.Jim
 I was thinking this was going to be another WWII arcade style flight-sim , similar to `` Secret Weapons Over Normandy '' , but the developers must 've had a screw loose when they put togther the control system.Every other flight sim -LRB- even acarde style -RRB- have offered independent roll , pitch , and yaw control . Usually there 's an option to have either `` novice '' or `` expert '' controls , included with some sort of control customization.Blazing Angels only offers the ability to invert the pitch axis -LRB- y-axis -RRB- , and turn the vibration on and off . I 'll also point out that the default setting for the y-axis is reversed compared to normal ; since when does pulling back on the stick make the nose of your aircraft go down ?! The other control issue -LRB- and this one is a winner -RRB- , is that you have dual alieron control
 some of the ubisoft flight sims are wonderful , like il 2 or il2 sturmovic . . this was a bit of a dissapointment , for one , i have a fairly new dell dimension 3000 . , to play this game i had to spend another 80 upgrading my video card wich was fine . . then my saitek joy stick would not work as it was not supported , so i spent another 50 on the reccommend logitec . . the older flight sims are great simply as you plug in a joystick and can fly . . not so with this game . . you have to try to set each direction as well as down load pathes for the game and joy stick and after all that , does not work . . the graphics are ok and i am sure the game might even be fun . but not worth all the headache , extra expense and still a joy stick that does not let you fly . . ubisoft used to care about what they put out . . but nowadays expensive games , with bugs , patches and games that just do not workk .
 I 've had this game for about a month now . The graphics and game play are pretty decent , but quick manuevers will cause incredibly bad screen tear . The control methods are unusual and require a longer than average learning curve . It will take a couple of missions to get used to flying the planes effectively . The game overall is fun to play and the variety of aircraft is great , but the poor control layout -LRB- which is unchangable -RRB- and horrific screen tear during extreme dogfighting drops this game to a 2 star rating . Should cost $ 30 at best .
 This was my first WWII dogfight game and it stunk for the following reasons .1 -RRB- The game is repetitive , fly around take pictures or shoot/bomb a target .2 -RRB- Xbox live support for this game stinks ! There is nobody to play against for this game . The players know it stinks and do n't even bother to play anymore .3 -RRB- How many times can you hear the same crappy taunts from the A.I. in this game .4 -RRB- The A.I. stinks . Your squad mates are just plain stupid . I found myself yelling at the T.V. 5 -RRB- The time restrictions on the various missions are ridiculously short . I found it close to impossible to complete missions . I eventually gave up on this game after spending countless hours attempting to master it . Playing the same scenarios over and over again!Which leads to6 -RRB- I have been through most of the game and I have not gotten even one of the 1000 Xbox 360 Achievement points for all the time I waisted . The award system put in place is just as crappy as the game .
 Blazing Angels
 This best thing I can say about this game is that the graphics look good . You really get the feeling of flying as you cruise along in the simulated WW2 fighter planes depicted in the game.The realism ends there . Shooting down enemy planes , which is supposedly next to impossible in real combat , is amazingly easy in this game . The enemy planes are easy to find in the sky and a few well placed bursts send them crashing to the ground.You do n't need to read up on real WW2 fighter tactics , such as the `` rolling scissor '' to shoot down enemy planes . They wo n't work in this game . I tried them . The enemy planes are not visible when they are not in front of you . You do not have the nearly 360 degree vision of real pilots . You view the sky through your television screen , and your field of vision is very limited . Normally , the first clue you get that an enemy is on your tail is when your plane gets shot.The only real challenging dog fights are against enemy aces . Each scenario seems to have one , which is prominently announced as they make a grandiose appearance . These planes require advanced flying manuvers to shoot down , and seem to absorb more hits than the standard `` grunt '' planes , but I was able to shoot down every one I have gone up against so far without having to do anything too complicated . Basically , you get on their tail and stay on it with guns blazing anytime they line up in your sights . You do have to lead your shots for turning aircraft , just like in real life.During the Battle of Britain -LRB- one of the most epic air battles of all time -RRB- , shooting down German fighters is easy . You have to mow down about forty of them just to complete the level . Keep in mind , to become an `` ace '' in the real airforce , you have to shoot down five planes . This is considered an amazing feat only accomplished by a few highly skilled and or extremely lucky pilots.One mission which I found extremely frustrating and irritating was one in which my plane was unarmed , and I was ordered to photograph three enemy bases in a desert during a severe sandstorm.This mission is just plain dumb . First of all , how is a photograph going to tell anyone where the enemy base is ? It seems that the makers of this game think that the compass was not yet invented , because your plane is not equipped with one -LRB- Christopher Columbus probably had one of these high tech wonders -RRB- . You wander the desert aimlessly , unable to discern what is familiar territory and what is unexplored . I found myself just making random turns as I got more and more irritated with this mission.Then , miraculously , you take your last photograph , and you have to make a `` B '' line for your aircraft carrier . The only problem with that is that you have no idea what direction it is in -LRB- the compass would 've come in real handy here , guys -RRB- . You can barely even see the sun , which only appears briefly during very rare gaps in the clouds . The enemy fighters , which have been scrambled to shoot you down , do not seem to have any visual problems in the sandstorm . They blast machineguns at you the entire time you neander in your unarmed surveilance plane.Maybe in a few days I 'll cool down enough to try this mission again but so far I 've spent two hours trying to complete it , only to be shot down again and again . I had to start over again because I ran out of time right as the mission was saved at the waypoint.I hope the sequel is more fun than this one , but I 'm not going to buy it . I might rent it but I seriously doubt it . Life is too short to play irritating , ill concieved games like this one .
 Positives
 I 'm not impressed . Graphics are good , but the game seems to overpower my XBox . It 's frequently laggy during the heat of a battle , and the sound will cut in and out when too much is going on at once.Video Problems
 LAS MISIONES DEL JUEGO SON DEMASIADO RAPIDAS , CONSIDERO QUE INCLUSO SON SIMPLES ; CUANDO TE TIENEN EN LA MIRA ES CASI IMPOSIBLE ESCAPAR . LO MEJOR DEL JUEGO PODRIA SER JUGARLO EN XBOX LIVE PERO SI TE DESTRUYEN AL INICIO TIENES QUE ESPERAR A QUE TERMINEN LOS DEMAS.FINALMENTE CAMBIE EL JUEGO POR BLAZING ANGELS , EN ESTE LA DINAMICA DE JUEGO ES ENTRETENIDA Y CONTINUA .
 I want to like this game . The actual game play is enjoyable and would place the game in the company of games like Tom Clancy 's HAWX . There is a certain Top Gun feeling to the game that would make it an enjoyable entry into airplane game genre . However , the game is kind of buggy . The achievements are standard
 Ca n't even compare to Ace Combat 6 , a far more detailed game . Reminds me of alot of old nintendo flight games . Definately a major let down .
 This game is horrendous , get Ace Combat 6 instead for the same price and you will be a happy camper .
 Not as fun as I originally thought it would be . Glad I didnt buy it . I love jet games which I mostly play on my PC . I rented this for my 360 and Im glad I did before I bought it . Some may like it , some may not , its not a bad game just not fitting what Im use to on PC .
 This game as far as aircraft looks pretty decent and especially on the aircraft carrier on the catapult launch , the pilot has that slight bounce in the seat . But other than that this game is awful on some mission no matter how you try to evade enemy missile you are the one ejection from your plane.And the mission breifings are the cheesiest thing I have ever seen . All it is a face in a military uniform with a very bland voiceover . As for the graphics the closer you get to the ground the scenery gets uglier . Whereas on Ace Combat 6 it is very detailed and sharp . Whatever you do please avoid this awful game , if you want to buy it anyways the best time is now , because at gamestop this awful game is only $ 5.99 . I wouldnt even pay that to be honest . If I could rate this no stars I would have .
 Over g fighters i thought was going to be this great game , i was wrong . the graphics are not that good , compaired to H.A.W.X. & H.A.W.X 2 . its kind of pointless i think , if your like me wanting to play call of duty black ops alot , then you will probubly agree with me that it is pointless.if you still want to play it i would suggest rent it first then make your decision then .
 I bought this game based on the video previews I saw online and on TV . That was a big mistake because I did n't read any reviews or rent it before I purchased it . The gameplay is horrible and the missions are poorly laid out . On one mission , the goal was to shoot down four enemy planes . I locked on , fired , switched targets , fired , turned left , locked on to the next target , fired , switched targets , fired and mission over in about thirty seconds . Talk about boring and this was n't even a beginning level . Top Gun for the Nintendo is more fun and challenging than this game . It does n't even fair very well as a simulator contrary to what another reviewer said . The controls are very sluggish , even in realistic mode . The jets do not reach high speeds quickly and lose too much speed climbing , even with afterburners.I 'll admit the graphics are very good as far as the individual airplanes are concerned . The enviroment is another story and needs lots of work . Do n't buy it and think hard about even renting it .
 Just bought an Xbox 360 on 9/24 and got this game along with it . Usually when buying games I just look at who made it . Noticed this was ubisoft I thought this is going to be a great game ... I have played over 30 hours of scenario mode , at first it was ok but not really that fun . The missions get progressively harder . An example of this would be soon as some of the later missions start enemys are already fireing missles at you and your dead , that is on easy ... Definetly would not spend 60 bucks on this game I did and was a mistake . I am only going to beat this game because of the guilt for the money it cost me . The height of this game realm would be throwing it in the toilet and flushing it .
 This game is absolutely awful . The graphics look like something from Sega Genesis . The sound is appalling . The gameplay is even worse . You fly around and little orange boxes highlight the bad guys ... then you hit one button and it launches a ` missile ' that hits the target every time.Save your money , this game is miserable .
 I was very disappointed in Battlestations
 I ca n't write a review for this game . It wo n't play on my computer and I am stuck for 40 bucks because I ca n't return it . There ought to be a law against not being able to return computer games that do n't work for you .
 Quick review . This game is OK . The gameplay is fun and you get to switch between any unit in the game , however there are a LOT of things goiong on at once and usually you end up staring at the overview map . The game is incredibly short -- I finished the campaign in about 4 hours . Then all that is left are the challenges . Worth it for $ 10 in a remainder rack . Not at full price .
 Yes , The game is really fun , but no , its not really worth it
 Do n't buy this if you want the full X3 : Reunion experience . X3 is a really huge and complex game , and if you enjoy building an empire by trading and fighting your way there , you 'll love it . However , this mac version does NOT work well with the many community expansions that are available . Most importantly , it does n't work with the mighty Extended mod which adds tons and tons of ships , systems , weapons , etc , to the game.Some have likened the Extended mod to a full expansion and it 's free and of very high quality . You will not be able to use it with this version nor will you be able to run most of the other mods , like Battlestar , etc. . I recommend getting the Windows version and running it in boot camp if you want the full experience on a Mac.I 've also seen a few bugs in this version , not seen in the PC version . Some graphical issues and I 've even locked up a few times.The game installed and does run , but without supporting mods , and the reported problems/bugs , some of which I 've experienced first hand , I do n't think this product deserves more than two stars .
 Installation of this game went fine . Registration also worked the first time around , even though there was a message about not being able to connect to the server . The game loaded up fine and I was even able to play it for a while , exit out and then start it up again.Third time was not the charm.That was when it prompted me for the registration code a second time . `` No worries '' , I thought . `` I 'll just enter it again and it 'll be smooth sailing . `` Or not.Repeated attempts failed to get me past the Registration screen , as it kept insisting that the code was no longer valid . I even reinstalled it and it still did n't recognize it.I did notice that this version of the game , as purchased from this page , is the CIDER version of X3
 Do n't buy X3 . The game might be fun , but the frustration of poor product support far outweighs the enjoyment . I 've had numerous problems with the game , submitted tickets to the tech people and so far gotten no resolution what-so-ever . If they ca n't fix your problem , they simply quit responding . I have a support ticket still open and have n't heard from them in two months . I 've asked for my money back and that certainly did n't get a response either . Spend your money somewhere else . I rated this game 1 star because the website would n't let me leave it at 0 . It does n't even deserve 1 star as far as I 'm concerned .
 Dont buy this for mac . Game first started o.k. then froze up , then the product code was no good . No tech support .
 This product works great , I have had mine for about a month now . But , there is a problem with the connection of the wires that run out from the circuit board to the usb . If you twist it to much they become disconnected and then the whole thing becomes useless , unless you have a soldering tool to reconnect them .
 Recently , purchased this PC USB Controller Converter but never got to use it . The disc that accompanied the hardware was corrupt .
 Very bad quality/durability . It worked for a couple of hours , then stopped working . It was fun while it lasted , although that was n't long.I installed the drivers and plugged it in . Everything worked fine . I used it with the ePSXe emulator for about 2 hours . Then I exited ePSXe and took a break for a couple of hours . I left the Adapter and controller connected to the computer . When I returned to continue playing , the adapter stopped working . My computer would n't recognize the adapter anymore . I tried unplugging it and plugging it . I tried reinstalling the drivers . I also tried plugging the adapter into other computers . Nothing worked.I guess I received a faulty adapter . I 'm going to buy the Super Joy Box 5 this time . I recommend you do the same .
 It is plug-and-play and uses basic Windows drivers , but some games do not recognize the controller . I tried to use this with Borderlands and Rusty Hearts , and neither game recognized the controller as being there . Dead Island did see it , but the controls were jacked up and could not be configured . The only game that I tried it with that worked , was Archon
 This lame device will waste your valuable time . Sadly , you will discover that Dualshock 2 controllers lack full right analog functionality on any PC engine . This is due to the way in which you connect them , which is called `` DirectInput '' . Full 1:1 controller -- > pc support is only true when you connect via `` ActiveX '' . And so , that type of functionality is only available via an Xbox360 controller .
 Note that this is n't a Sony product . Nor has it seemed to have been tested prior to release . It provides power to the controller , but if you 're looking for more functionality , forget about it . If you 've already ordered it , then save yourself the manpower upon delivery and just throw the envelope in the bin .
 I enjoyed paying ps2 games as a kid , and once I got a computer that was capable of playing games , I wanted to use a playstation 2 controller to do it as I was used to it . Hookup was easy , and the drivers installed without a hitch , but once I started playing games , the controller worked intermittently and made it impossible to use . I found out that the ps2 controller registers pressure for some of the buttons , but this just determines if a button pressed down or not , so the functionality of the ps2 controller is lessened greatly . I tried another controller , so I am sure that the problem is coming from this device . I 'm not sure if I am just unlucky -LRB- seeing as this is rated highly , but it did n't work for me , so prospective buyers should be wary.P.S . I am using a pc running windows vista .
 I was sent this product without the CD that has drivers for it . Needless to say , Windows XP 's plug ` n-play does n't work that well for DDR.I am utterly disappointed and need to look for a new adapter .
 It works just fine , but it shorted my USB hub and wrecked my power supply . Sure , it 's cheap , but it 's not worth replacing parts of a computer for it .
 After buying this product to play online games using the playstation controls , we found that there are very few games online games that would translate to the paystation controller , after all so it was of low usefulness to us .
 I 'm from Venezuela , the adapter that I give myself was of xbox and not of playstation 2
 plug and play did not work , I put the cd drivers and did not work , windows 7 says that does not recognize the device and can be bad.I try to update it and says it is updated.I think I lost my money , disappointment , some say it works , but it is not my case . is the kind of things that should not be on amazon.I hope you read this to avoid disappointment !
 BEWARE of the Device Drivers disc . This little blue CD-R with a Panda on it contains nothing but malware executables straight out of China . Virus/Keylogger malware on a CD-R coming straight from China , big surprise ... Product automatically works with Windows 7 64-bit without the `` device drivers '' disc . My Logitech wireless PS2 controller is recognized as a Twin USB Joystick .
 I bought this to play StepMania on my MacBook Pro . It did n't work . It will not register a step if you are standing on another arrow , nor will it register a jump-step . It does not register the `` dance pad code '' - start , select , up for three seconds . Do not buy .
 Bought it because it says it supports DDR pads ... It does work with them but does not support hitting 2 opposite directions at once even with the start + up + select trick so really you ca n't play DDR games at all . If you are standing on an arrow you cant hit the opposite arrow if you need to and cant do jump notes ... Overall poor quality and mine came with a broken plastic chip inside so it rattles . Complete garbage / tricky incorrect advertising ...
 I 've been playing DDR for several years now , and own a Cobalt Flux DDR dance pad . I figured the best way to keep playing DDR is to get a Playstation 2 to USB converter cable and use my dance pad on Stepmania ; after some research , I found a lot of good reviews for the Super Dual Box . However , upon arrival I did n't even HAVE a Super Dual Box - just some cheap lookalike that first did n't work with the dance mat code -LRB- hold up + start + select for 3 seconds otherwise the dance pad is seen as a joystick , not a bunch of buttons -RRB- and then did n't work at all ! And after reading some other reviews of people who were n't happy with this , I Googled some images of the Super Dual Box and the apparently commonly-mixed-up pu203 , and I think I got a pu203 myself or something similar . It would explain why the dance pad code does n't work and why it stopped working altogether after less than a week . All I have to say is that someone should start making sure the right products are going out to the right people so that mistakes like this do n't happen - all it takes is a quick glance at the packaging , or the device itself .
 Well i Thought this was the Super Dual Box but instead i get this dinky thing that i cant get to work right .
 I mostly bought this item so that I could use it with my dancepad and play Stepmania . After reading the reviews on this product , I found most people were having issues making it work with dancepads . I was afraid the one I got would n't work with my dancepad , but apparently , it does n't even work at all ! Whenever I would plug it in my computer , the `` USB Device Not Recognized '' bubble would pop up on my taskbar . I should have expected this when I first took it out of its generic box . It did n't even look like the one featured in the sample pictures . It was made with cheap , blue , see-through plastic ; I almost thought it was a kid 's toy . A definite dome on the top . Unfortunately for me , buying from HDE landed me with a pu203 , NOT the Super Dual Box -LRB- if you look them both up on google images , you would see they 're definitely different products -RRB- , so it probably would n't have worked out of the box with my dancepad anyway . After days of pulling my hair out trying MANY ways to get the device to even be found -LRB- tried on 5 different computers , with drivers and everything -RRB- , I simply just dropped it and went to Fry 's . The only PS2 - > USB converter they had looked almost exactly like the pu203 , except it looked more sturdy and guess what , it actually worked ! Even with dancepads ! $ 20 , but far better than spending ~ $ 15 -LRB- with shipping & handling -RRB- on something that did n't even work.tl ; drDo n't even think about buying this POS , unless you 're absolutely sure you 're getting the Super Dual Box , NOT the pu203 . Does n't even work . Fake ; cheap copy of the original product featured .
 This item did not work as advertised . My computer saw a controller in the usb port but the controller did not function . Maybe the driver supplied was wrong ? I would not recommend this to anyone !
 Playstation 2 to PC USB Gamepad ConverterI bought this exact item , but i ended up with the cheap one that doesnt work vith vista = -LRB-
 This does n't work . I tried it in 4 different systems including Vista 64/32 and XP 32bit . No drivers came with the product and windows ca n't determine what it is . DO N'T BUY !!!
 I bought this thinking that I had the `` correct '' version of this adapter . I do n't have the blue LED version that supposedly does n't work with Stepmania . However , all of the reviews say the box is black - my box is blue . The box has a decorative dome in the middle of it.I got the pad to be recognized in Stepmania , but no simultaneous inputs would work . I tried the DDR code -LRB- Up Back and Start -RRB- but to no avail . USB Overdrive X did n't help either.Now the pad is not even recognized in Stepmania for some unknown reason ! Buyer beware .
 I bought this adapter to play step mania and it arrived broken . Like the other reviewers have commented , watch out for the Dilong PU203B . That is what I got and I am sure I would have had trouble using it for step mania if it was n't broken to begin with.I plugged it into my mac and my windows laptop . It was not recognized by either laptops . I aso tried to install the drivers but it was still not recognized .
 If you want a fully functional Playstation controller do n't buy this . I installed the device driver and all the buttons work except the analog sticks and the L3 and R3 buttons . I tried multiple controllers both Dualshock and Dualshock 2 and none of them work properly . Since the games I bought this for require analog sticks it is useless to me . If you want a PS2 style controller for your PC just spend the extra $ 10 to $ 15 and get a Logitech .
 other than an led that lights when plugged into a usb port , this product remains unrecognized by my windows 7 , and the drivers on the disc that comes with it do not help . It tells you to have direct x version 7 or higher installed , and my win7 came with version 11 , if that tells you anything about the age of this product.It does not work , but did not cost enough to bother returning . Sound familiar ?
 Simply put , this is trash . It did not work . Plug in play failed . Installed the drivers and it failed . I 'm told drivers are up to date , but Windows is reporting an error . Tried in multiple computers to no avail . A lot of reviews are reporting that this item works . A lot say otherwise ... This is a gamble to buy . I 'm really disappointed . There is n't any support out there . Do you want to roll the dice ? I did and I lost .
 well . I need a adapter converter for playing dance dance revolution on my computer . it works but it wo n't let you do jumps -LRB- step on two arrows at the same time -RRB- and that 's fine and dandy if you 're going to just do novice level forever . I like doing the higher levels so it a disappointment to me . and with my old adapter if it was n't letting you do jumps you could push up start select at the same time and then it would let you do it . but not this one .
 Plug it in , load the disc and the driver software loads . Great so far . But as soon as I tried to assign buttons in a game 's config options , controls began erratically switching . What I set for Button 10 will switch to Button 4 , or 6 , or whatever after about a second and repeat.So I figure maybe the `` help '' file will help ; if someone manages to understand the file 's broken English and severe grammar issues , they deserve a prize . Do n't expect to find a better solution at the developer 's site either ; pretty much the same thing is going on there.I tried numerous drivers provided , and other 's completely unrelated . So , unless you plan on screwing with this for DDR purposes , leave it alone . I could n't get it to work for an rpg or anything . I bought a G-E gamepad later that works great .
 I received the adapter and i cant get it to work . I am running windows vista 64 bit . The cd that came with it doesnt install any drivers , it just comes up with what look like to be an install screen but just shows a bunch of question marks . My computer recognizes the adapter but not the controllers . Please send me a driver that will run this adapter so i can finally start playing my games !!! If anyone can help please do so !!
 I bought this hoping to use two DDR pads with my PC and Stepmania . I spent about a day trying to get it to work and Windows 7 could never recognize it correctly . It always detected some error while configuring it . It came with no drivers for Vista but I found some online , they did not work either . I then tried using it on Windows XP 64-bit and same result . Tried OSX and did not work either . I know it was cheap and I guess in this case I got what I paid for . Unless you 're running XP 32bit or older , avoid this thing . Save your money !
 At a glance
 I bought this for 6 bucks so i could play call of duty mw2 on my laptop and i got it and plugged it in and it works when you test and calibrate it , but not during actual play . Now its just taking up space on my desk .
 While the price was great , this adapter does n't work with Stepmania - at least not with my redoctane ignition pad . It does n't support hitting two buttons at the same time which is essential for jumps . I installed the drivers and I mapped the keys within Stepmania , but it just would n't work properly . And even hitting the single buttons on the pad seemed sluggish and the scores were terrible - impossible to pass a song even on an easy level . I tried the start/select/up arrow trick for DDR mode , which did n't seem to change anything . It 's simply unacceptable for Stepmania . I returned the product to Amazon ... at least the return was very easy .
 Converter supposedly has the dance pad code incorporated in hardware but is not true . Enclosing says it is compatible with dance pad , but this is not true , works for normal controllers and even the vibration function . It also works with the ps3 , so its has its uses . I bought it for the dance pad for my PC , hottest deal wo n't exchange it and stopped answering my emails when I told them to refund or exchange . Do n't recommend the converter or the company .
 I have 2 PS2 Guitar Hero Guitars , one wired and one wireless . Both work just fine , with one exception - they refuse to work at the same time.Well , that and the whammy bars do n't work , but that is a known issue with PS2 guitars , nothing specific to this adapter.With that being said , these converters are cheap enough , I 'm wagering that two separate adapters will remedy this * crosses fingers *
 There is some kind of loose connection in the unit I received . If the unit is moved at all -LRB- even very slightly -RRB- , there is a good chance the connection will break . Unplugging it and replugging it in does n't work . I have to restart my computer . Overall , this product is terrible .
 couldnt get it formatted and it never worked . we still have it I guess we may try again on a different pc but for the one it was intended for it never happened ,
 I thought this would work for us but it di n't work with out system . It was a good price but I needed something different to fix my problem .
 This item is not compatible with DDR pads due to the fact that it maps the arrow buttons to the analog stick as opposed to the D-Pad .
 The packaging claims this works with DDR / Stepmania . This is false ! Do not buy ! Will not work with any pads . I 've spent 2 days looking for a solution , trying all the workarounds on the stepmania forums that other users have suggested , and still this pad fails to register left + right and up + down simultaneous presses . Worthless if you want to play DDR or Stepmania .
 I can not figure this thing out ! I t does n't work and i can not for the life of me find any instructions to see if i 'm doing anything wrong or something . i have a snes emulator and on it i have donkey kong and i still ca n't play it . i hate to use the keyboard cause its too hard please someone help .
 Works fine for single button presses , but can NOT do simultaneous buttons or two keys at once . Dancepads and dance games all use two key hits . This adapter is useless for dance games and dance pads .
 This device did n't work on Windows 7 or 8 . I would not buy this product . I should have bought a USB gamepad immediately .
 I bought this item under the impression that it worked for macs . It does n't . At this point in time , the disc that came with it is stuck in my optical drive . If you have a mac , do not buy this item ! Also , does anyone know if I could get the disc out of my optical drive ? it is a 2.5 mm disc . Any advice ?
 I was expecting a device which emulates the experience of using the controller the same way it would function on a regular Playstation 1 and 2 but what I got was something completely different . Not only were the files on the CD detected as Trojans by my virus software , the device itself would only work on a good day and only after I press my fingers raw trying to get my button selections to actually work . I know that the device works in such a way as to convert my selections to binary , im familiar with this technology , but wow was this not that great . Before any of you purchase this device I 'd strongly urge you to buy a PC controller or figure out how to use a Xbox 360 or Playstation 3 controller for you PC Emulators and games . 30-50 $ for a PS3 or 360 controller is worth it simply because it makes the game experience more enjoyable , if you 're not in control and if you ca n't even input your selections easily and comfortably then you 're just going to throw 5 or 10 dollars around on these devices until you 've reached that 30-50 $ peak anyway . Do n't let the cost and convenient look deceive you , just avoid this device and go for quality .
 For the money , this product is pretty decent . I bought a Logitech Wireless Controller to go with it , and the analog sticks did n't work . I used a Sony PS2 Dualshock controller , and everything works fine . I 'm not really sure what the difference with the controllers is -LRB- seeing as the Logitech is endorsed by PS2 for use with the console , it should work with the converter too , right ? -RRB- , but there seems to be some difference between the two.The disc that comes with the converter is kind of confusing , I almost did n't think the driver had installed . If you go to the company 's website , it 's ... well , a joke . I 'm not even sure if there 's any customer support whatsoever.The converter does everything it says it will do , it converts your PS2 controller for use with PC games . So if you 're looking for a PS2 to PC converter and you do n't have a lot of money to spend , I would recommend this.EDIT
 Bought this product in hopes of plugging in my old PS2 controllers and firing up some PS2 games on an emulator . Does n't work . The drivers included on the mini-disc included were inaccessible for the most part . The correct driver that I needed would n't work . Also , the packaging never described the actual item 's model name . I received a DiLong PU-203 -LRB- I had to google to find it , it was n't shown on the packaging -RRB- , and the website is all sorts of messed up . The website only exists in chinese , and I ca n't read that . Even after google translating the website and finding the driver download page , the zip file they link does n't even have the driver I need.I spent 2 hours and 6 dollars total on this item , and I regret giving that much money away to an non-charity organization . This piece of plastic must have costed 10 cents to make.Bottom line is
 I think I got the right version , has the red LED and everything , but does not work for dance pads . Wo n't recognize the dance pad code and can not press more than one arrow at a time . I hope the disk did n't contain malware either , that would suck , my virus scanner was just installed and asked me to restart to turn on , so I may very well have installed malware on my media center pc : - /
 The device basically works , but the experience is sub-par . Many people do n't know that the DualShock PS2 buttons are pressure sensitive , which means they sense how hard they are being pressed . This adapter converts that range into a binary `` yes/no '' press to work better with computers . Unfortunately , it sets the threshold for this very high , probably at the maximum pressure the button reads . This means that if you do n't fully depress the button , it does n't trigger at all , and in order to trigger the button you have to do more than just press it , you have to SMASH it . This takes time , and the effect is to introduce enough latency in the button presses to make games noticeably more difficult to control . Trying to play a Mario game is like playing to play it drunk.Clearly this is n't bothering a lot of people , but if this sounds like it might bother you , I 'd save your cash . -LRB- Looking at the USB events , it appears to be the hardware itself emitting button events only for hard presses ; a software fix on the computer does not appear to be possible . Switching the digital/analog mode does not help . -RRB-
 This controller does not recognize multiple key presses -LRB- e.g. Up + Left -RRB- , so it 's useless for Stepmania / DDR / gamepad games . Looks like older versions did , but not the one I received in Nov 2010 . Also , the manufacturer did n't update the packaging , which still claims that it 's compatible with DDR .
 I purchased this because I had found some information online indicating it would work with Windows 7 . Well , that could n't be farther from the case.Actually , let me rephrase - depending on which random device you receive in the mail , it may or may not work . Mine was not the one pictured , and definitely did n't work . As you can see from other reviews , some people have gotten different ones that do work.Just skip over this , and buy the Super Joy Box Pro 5 .
 I read other reviews that said to be careful when using the accompanying CD to install the driver because it had malware on it
 It tells you right on its package its great for DDR but it does not support left + right or Up + Down steps ... makes dancing a little hard when you cant jump
 I got this for the sole reason of using it with a PS2 pad connected to my PC with Stepmania . I figured with the low cost I did n't have much to lose.I 'll start off by saying yes , just like 90 % of the other devices out there , this one does not register Up + Down / Left + Right simultaneous presses , which makes it virtually useless in DDR/Stepmania . Another reviewer quoted a Stepmania forum posting for how to get this to work , but it involves downloading a Chinese created driver and downloading some file that does n't exist anymore because it was stored on Megaupload . Just for the record I tried downloading the driver that was referenced on my Win 7 64-bit installation , which is n't even in English and also somehow wiped out my system fonts , making my computer nearly unusable . Luckily I had the foresight to create a system restore point before installing the driver , so a quick rollback cleared everything up.If you really want a good adapter for using your PS2 dance pad on your PC , go to the Stepmania website and look at the USB Adapters section . Buy the one that they recommend -LRB- I 'm not going to post it here because I do n't think Amazon wants me to post direct links to competitors ' websites . -RRB- I purchased it and it worked PERFECTLY . To be fair , I installed it on a Windows XP 32-Bit machine -LRB- I have a dual boot system -RRB- and according to their site their driver only works up to Windows 7 32-bit , but at least you can be assured that the device works . Yes it is more expensive , but all I know is that I finally have an adapter that works with my new foam DDR Pad .
 It 's cheap , for a reason.If you read through all of the reviews here you will find out that by buying this product you are taking a chance in getting one that works , and one that does n't . There was clearly a large handful of `` Bad Ones '' / Broken adapters shipped out from the manufacturers to 3rd party stores around the world . Because the 3rd party store selling through amazon changes constantly for products , you can get a good one , or a bad one . . completely luck.Even if it did work , I doubt it would have lasted long , the product is EXTREMELY cheaply made , very very cheap plastic that 'd break very easily , but what do you expect for 5 $ ? I highly recommend you spend a few more dollars and get a higher quality PS2 to PC Adapter , you 'll thank yourself later , I guarantee it .
 `` This product is not compatible with Windows 7 or Windows XP . The adapter was not recognized by the either system . The CD that came with the adapter supposedly contained the necessary drivers , but installing them did not solve the issue . I would stay away from this product . Then again it is pretty cheap so you might want to give it a try with the hope that it will work for you . ''
 I received this product this morning and spent all day trying to install it . I tried to install the drivers in the CD provided , looked for the drivers online and any ways possible but this thing doesnt work and my computer kept on saying `` USB device not recognized `` Anyone can help or the product just sucks ?
 Bought this for Stepmania since it 's supposed to be compatible with dance mats ... not the case . The included CD had nothing on it , so the device installs as a generic USB controller -LRB- this is WinXP by the way -RRB- , which pretty much means dance mats are n't going to work properly , since you ca n't step on two arrows at the same time . Trying to track down drivers that might fix this issue on the net is nearly impossible , since this product is n't labelled , has no name , and resembles a few other adapters.Didn ' t bother checking with a regular Dualshock 2 , but I 'm sure those work , but really , just use a PS3 or X360 contoller and save yourself a headache .
 Bought this hoping to use my old ps2 dance pad on the PS3 . Wo n't register opposite directions simultaneously -LRB- like hitting up and down at the same time -RRB- , making jumps , or most dancing above beginner , impossible . Do n't waste the cash .
 Product works but built very cheap . Feels like 1 fall will break the thing ! $ 4 is still expensive ! This looks like something you can get from a dollar store !
 First of all , this is not a Sony product -LRB- as the current product title subtext would suggest -RRB- . Second , and more importantly , this product will not work with dance pads . Good converters have a code that allows you to switch between analog and digital mode , and this is not a good converter . What this means in practical terms is that jumps will not register if you 're using this device .
 even though people have claimed pc and ps3 conversion tools work fine on both platforms -LRB- which they should -RRB- they do n't , this will semi convert and allow normal button hits but no combo hits , so gh2 controllers and ddr pads are a no go for it , so far have not found a converter that actualy will work , looks like its time to fork out for new controllers if i really want them . I am sure this would work fine for some one who has a bunch of ps2 controllers laying around and has games that do n't require any combo button press ' but just no good for me .
 I recieved the blue one pictured -LRB- Dilong pu203 -RRB- . I 've had the hardest time with this converter and could n't get it to work if my life depended on it.I wish I could have given this thing 0 stars!On both of my computers -LRB- Windows XP , Vista -RRB- w / working USB ports the controller was not correctly recognized or not recognized at all -LRB- as if not there -RRB- . I 've tried to install all kinds of different drivers from the CD , deleting them again , installing otheres . I 've also tried to find a solution online and download a driver from the official Dilong website . - No success!I could not even open the read-me file as my MS Word program would shut down!As of today , I never got it to work on either Windows XP or Vista . It 's a piece of junk ! Please save your time and money and look for something else.Additional Note : Bought a `` Super Dual Box Pro '' now from ebay seller . Converter works perfectly on XP and Vista - just plug and play . Works fine with 2 PS2 controller and emulators .
 It simply does not work on windows 7 . I bought this to play NBA 2k13 with my old playstation 2 controller . Dissapointed : |
 I ordered this expecting a particular model that worked but unfortunately it turned out to be a generic knockoff that barely does anything . The one that you may be looking for comes with an LED inside and a mini-cd for driver installation . This one does n't and there is only a brand name if you dig deep into the hardware information . The brand name was n't the same as what was listed on the site and so I would avoid purcahsing from Hottestdealever for that reason.There have been many complaints and it 's like a hit and miss . If you value your money and time then I would suggest not playing a game of russian roulette and to just buy the official $ 20 model SKU
 This product says it works with mac on the description . but when you plug it in it does not work at all
 Just received the item . It does nothing . the included mini CD just sits there . nothing happens . i get an error message ` windows can not access the specified device , path or file . you may not have the appropriate permissions to access the item . ` is there any info on this item or did i just throw away $ 5 ? i use XP sp3 and am trying to play assassins creed with a PS2 controller.please let me know a page i can go to to try a driver for it . Heck , i dont even know what company makes this thing . there are no instructions or any info with it.got it quickly though .
 Could not get my system to recognize the device , said unknow even when pointing to drivers.I have good knowledge of PC stuff and tried different drivers and other options none worked.Try a different one !
 I bought this a couple weeks ago , and overall , it 's an okay adapter for $ 4 . My main gripe is that it for the most part does n't work . It 's pretty shoddy at times , and a lot of times will not be recognized by my computer . When it does decide to operate it runs fine -LRB- or at least gets the job done -RRB- . It came with a cd to install the drivers , but it honestly does n't make a difference from just plugging the adapter in without it . I guess I would say it 's worth the $ 4 gamble , but you should probably spend a few more dollars on a better quality adapter .
 Well it picked up and installed the driver without needing me to do anything , however , several of the buttons simply do not work . The UP button on the d-pad does absolutely nothing , as well as L1 , L2 . I loaded Street Fighter 4 and was stuck constantly walking backwards . It did come with a driver cd which seemed to change absolutely nothing after installing .
 This controller did not work . It came with a cd to install on the computer and after doing that it still did not work . I would not recommend this product to anyone at any price .
 i bought the adapter in hopes that it would work on a regular playstation controller as was advertised . when i plugged the device in , the icon thing listed the device as unrecognizable even after i installed the drivers . from reading several reviews , it seemed many have used the ps2 controller . i do n't know if i have a faulty device or maybe i have to get a ps2 controller but the way it was advertised , i feel cheated .
 Pros : Fast deliveryCheapPlug and play no real thinking requiredCons : Analog sticks are not supported . I tested out 3 different controllers on Assassin 's Creed 2 , Battlefront 2 and the Microsoft gamepad setup but none of them recognize the analog sticks.That con is a game breaker for me but apparently I 'm the only one with this problem .
 Downloaded the drivers , and it still does n't work . At least it does n't for windows seven . This thing is older than Windows XP . The back says `` will work with the NEWLY ANNOUNCED Windows XP ''
 I bought this to play Stepmania with dancepads . I did everything right - I installed the drivers , mapped the keys , searched for driver updates -LRB- there are none -RRB- , and even tried that bizarre `` up-start-select '' combination , but to no avail . This adapter registers single button bushes , but wo n't register two buttons being pushed simultaneously , which makes jumps in Stepmania impossible . I assume this works great for normal Playstation controllers -LRB- because most games do n't require a simultaneous up-down button push -RRB- , but if you 're a DDR nut , spend the extra few bucks to get something that will work - you can get excellent recommendations on the Stepmania forums . Good Luck !
 Tried everything and tried to find somethnig or someone who can help but nothing worked bad luck I guess .
 Picked this up for better success with fighting games , and it is completely nonfunctional by any degree of expectations . It does n't read inputs clearly at all , and requires you to smash the buttons for any sort of input . It does not read diagonal inputs practically at all , and for anybody who is a high-end player , it can be deemed complete trash.I 'm in the process of sending it back now , as it utterly failed to meet my expectations of smooth responsiveness .
 While this device works with Vista and can be configured to work with StepMania , the device will NOT allow you to press two buttons simultaneously . As a result , I 'll have to find another USB converter for use with my dance pad and StepMania , since I play with my feet constantly pressing the left and right arrows . Be wary !
 Got the product , is n't recognized when connecting to a USB port . The mini-CD that came with it was empty , totally blank , so no drivers to work with . I was n't expecting much when the CD had no image to distinguish top from bottom , and the adapter had a horrible rattling sound to it.For less then 5 $ I guess I 'm not surprised I got a rip off of a rip off . Spend a little more and be certain of a functional product .
 I thought this would be a cool device to save me some money on buying a controller for my PC . Like many other reviewers , I too am experiencing problems with the variability of this item when shipped to you . My major problem is that this adapter arrived with a mini CD for the drivers but the CD was a blank and now this is a useless device because the drivers can not be found online . Though cheep it is a huge waste of money . This is a risky buy .
 In contrast to the specs listed here , the item I received does NOT work with dance mats ! It fails to process a left + right or up + down jump , since it only accepts analog -LRB- not digital -RRB- input . This does not work with dance mats ! If you want to use it for a dance pad , order something else !
 I wanted this so I could play the Assassin 's Creed games with a PS2 controller rather than the keyboard and touchpad , in the hopes of the controls being more intuitive and easier that way . I have PC copies of the games , but I 'm on a Macbook Pro and run them via Boot Camp . The difficulty here is that the drivers are on a mini-disc , which ca n't be used in this -LRB- or any Apple laptop , I gather -RRB- because it 's a slot-loader disc drive , not a tray drive . I ca n't find the drivers online anywhere , though I admit I did n't look super hard . I 'm probably going to try and return this device and look for a different one , if there is such a thing , or just give the whole thing up as a lost cause . I do n't want it desperately enough to put the disc in a PC laptop and copy the contents onto a full-sized CD.I guess it should be `` warning '' instead of `` note '' , since there 's absolutely no mention of the driver disc in the item description .
 Read a couple reviews that said it worked fine , so I bought it.This adapter does not work with dance pads ; I 've tried multiple fixes , but am still unable to properly use the pad . The dancepad driver does n't work properly , nor is there an option to enable dance pads in the configuration .
 This thing is the worst . It recognizes controllers just fine , but something about the velocity of controller presses is screwed up - it only recognizes the maximum or something . So to use a Taiko Drum you would have to beat the hell out of it just to register hits.Get something else if you want to use the Taiko Drum Master drum with osu ! .
 People may have issues when using with newer operating systems . I bought this in the hopes that , while not confirmed to be compatible with , it would work with my Win7 machine . Sadly , it does not . Even with drivers that can be found online , it seems to be hit or miss on whether or not you will get it to work . What does annoy me , however , is that the same can be said for Vista , an operating system listed right on the back of the packaging , and on in the description . Does n't seem that the drivers needed came with the packaged disc , and after installing drivers I got online , the item seemingly chooses when it does and does not want to work on my Vista machine . This supposedly works fine on older operating systems , but if you have a newer computer , I recommend looking elsewhere . It was cheap , luckily . Though that does n't change the fact that this is more or less useless to me .
 I bought this product twice with the intention to use dancepads . I got the Dilong PU203 both times from different sellers ! It is not worth the gamble or time wasted from looking for drivers and ways to get it to work with your PC!I finally got my 2 Cobalt Flux pads to work on my Windows 7 64bit computer by buying a pair of : Super Joy Box 3 Pro -LSB- ... -RSB- These are completely lagless and they plug and play without trouble !!! I recommend paying the little extra instead of going through the headaches of getting what you need .
 while I only spent $ 6.00 total and delivery was scary fast , this product didnt work as advertised . I am operating Vista , wanted to use it with a PC lego game . Plugged it in and would not allow me to set the controller ... worthless !! I in turn purchased a Logitech PC controller from walmart 20 bucks . It was plug and play ! worked great !
 I bought this converter because the PS2 controller is a nice pad for fighting games , but this converter has a frustratingly noticeable input delay -LRB- using Windows 7 -RRB- that disrupts timing on technical fighters . The device should be sufficient for general game emulation , though . As others have noted , the converter is black , not see-through blue .
 It a crap shoot what version you 'll get . I got one that does n't look like the version pictured , though the same shape , and the driver disc contained a password stealer malware . Tried it on both XP and Win7 and a Logitech Wireless PS2 and Offical Sony PS2 wired controller and got nothing to ever work even after finding drivers online . Depending on what manufacturer and version you get you might get lucky or you might get a hunk of plastic and a malware infested driver disc . I do n't really blame the shipper just beware there are lots of differet manufacturers that make this the same shape and size .
 I purchased this converter for use with a DDR pad on my computer . My friend has the same converter and his works just fine . The adapter I received has a small chip inside covered by appoxy or something and is darker blue than my friend 's . No matter what I tried , I could not get my adapter to work with my DDR pad . It would not allow opposite arrows to be pressed at the same time . I tried it with drivers installed and uninstalled and neither worked . When I tried my friend 's adapter with the exact same setup , my pad worked fine . If someone knows how to switch it to gamepad mode , it would be great , but I ca n't figure it out .
 As expected for a 3rd party product , the purchased controller lasted 1 day . I personally recommend to obtain an original controller manufactured by nintendo .
 To be perfectly honest with you guys the controlers arrived on time . Very punctual timing and that 's about as postive as its gon na get.First and formost the controlers are knock-offs they might say nintendo on the image displayed when you first look to purchase the product , however when they arrive its a totally different story . In conparision to the regular nintiedo controlers size and weight are different . `` The knockoffs are much lighter and durable and the size is much smaller . Me and my roomates used the controlers for 2weeks , and guess what they all stopped working . I purchased four of them all in different colors and every single one of them stopped working . So please if you come across this review DO NO PURCHASE THESE CONTROLERS !! im trying to save you money and dissappointment ! im a victim lol
 Item was not in a working condition when received in the mail . Was not damaged in the mail . It was sent damaged .
 First off be careful where you get your used controller from . I got mine from Finest Play and from what I can tell , these controllers were all rebuilt fron parts of other controllers that were broken in one form or another . I got one controller that has the orange spice plug at the end instead of the silver plug and the other one had a black plug from the black controller . They are fine functionally but they were in worse condition than avertised . Used very good means that all parts on the contoller match and that they are free from major cosmetic damage . Thankfully I am good with the soldering iron and I got my controllers cord swapped for the spice cord and housing swapped for the one with the black end . Also while I was at it I cleaned all of the grime off of the controllers when I had them dissassembled .
 I ordered this for my son 's birthday gift and it does n't work very well . He is not able to turn left on any game . Major disappointment !
 After a week of use in heavy play the A and B buttons have sunk in , they still work but they are very loose . Z , L/R triggers are all lacking the feel of an official Nintendo controller . Be aware that when you buy from this seller you will NOT receive an official Nintendo gamecube controller .
 I got my GameCube and this Controller , when I was 4 . After 6 years of playing Video Games , the Controller acted all funny and stuff . It was acting weird , like the analog stick I was n't moving but my character on the screen was walking into wall and boxes , without me moving the stick . I turned off the system and read the Instructions . I did what the Insrtuctions told me to do and everything was fine . Then it happened again in about the first 10 mins. , I was playing . It was strange because it was working fine the day before that . So the Controller has like 4-7 years , when it starts acting strange .
 This product screams counterfeit . The package is totally generic , the wire is too thin , the body is far too light , and the buttons do n't work . Bottom line , this obvious piece of crap is being returned today , and I wo n't buy from this seller again . Due diligence was n't taken to ensure a quality product , and I wo n't reward a business that does n't even take basic steps for customer satisfaction .
 Cheap knock off ... stay away , my mistake is i bought 4 of them thinking they were real . Spend a little more time trying to find real gamecube controllers . They worked , but within the first week the wires started to pull out of the controller .
 I recently bought two of these controllers . Both of these controllers had the grip on the joystick fall off within a few usages , and one z button does not work most of the time .
 Ever used an X-Box controller ? Well , just think of the Gamecube controller as the exact opposite . The X-Box controller is enormous and has a very clunky feel , and it 's difficult to use if you have small hands . The Gamecube controller , however , is very easy to use , and it molds into your hands no matter how big your hands are . The thumbsticks are both quite comfortable , making it a controller that you can use with minimal strain.So what 's wrong with the Gamecube controller ? It is , simply , too simple -LRB- get it ? -RRB- . With only 6 buttons -LRB- not including Start -RRB- , the Gamecube controller just is n't suited for games , such as sports and action games , that need a lot more than 6 buttons . While playing `` True Crime
 I purchased this because it said in the description that it was an official Nintendo controller , it is not . It does , however , look exactly like the official Nintendo controller so I figured there would n't be much difference , but boy was I wrong.After a week the C stick would stick , meaning you would have to manually center it when not using it . The Z button also stuck , and I have yet to be able to to fix this ... so when I play games with this controller it plays like the Z-button is constantly being held down.Do not buy this , and I suspect many of the other GameCube controller deals online are similar to this . I 'd recommend just going to the store and making sure you get an official Nintendo product , or even a quality 3rd party controller .
 I bought this product because of price and thinking that what difference did it make . The first two weeks I had it , I was very happy with my `` deal '' . But then it broke and would n't allow the left turn to work . I emailed for support and was ignored , but even if they had said send it back , the shipping and handling would n't have been worth it.I gave the controller 5 stars two days after receiving it , but if I had waited , it would have been 1 . Just letting you know in advance , pay a little more and get the Nintendo version . This one just does n't last .
 These are not Nintendo controllers , and as such they do n't have the quality of Nintendo products . The one I purchased keeps triggering the Z button , which makes some of my games unplayable . If you 're looking for a real Gamecube controller , I do n't think you 'll find it on Amazon .
 I just bought this Controller about 3 days ago , Brand New and the Thumb Stick stop working on it I can only use Left and Right . . This controller also is not a Real Brand Nintendo controller buyers beware of after market brands
 I tried using this thing to play Melee fresh out of the package , but the buttons are infuriatingly unresponsive -LRB- C-stick is totally busted ! -RRB- . I 'd give it one star if it did n't fit in my hand just like a real first party controller , even though it feels cheaply made ... well , at least it 's orange .
 this item was listed as `` like new '' but it is `` acceptable '' at best . the first thing that i noticed was that the seam had a large amount of dark buildup , which tells me that someone has used the controller extensively . there are scuffs and dents all over the controller as well as some sticky residue that i will have to clean off before i will even be able to use it . further inspection shows the cord is kinked , appears to be twisted inside , and has something -LRB- rust ? -RRB- on the connector . there is something rattling around on the inside and the joystick is looser than the used one i picked up at a disc replay . im debating whether or not i should even put in the work to try to clean this controller up and see if it even works or just return it.TL ; DR i am very disappointed with this purchase . what was advertised as a `` like new '' controller was really an old used and abused one that someone tossed aside .
 For a ` new ' controller , I expected better . As soon as I got it I noticed dirt in between the edges and around the controller . It definitely is not new . It is probably refurbished I thought . Then I said , wow this is there definition of new.I mainly bought this controller for SSBM on the Gamecube . I am trying to get better at is so I can play in tournaments . I thought I 'd start buy purchasing my own controller . As I was playing with my roommate , The skin on the left control stick came loose and peeled off easily . The buttons were already broken in . That is alright but c'mon I expected brand new ! Not used and priced for 40 bucks . It still works but I feel like I wasted money when I could have bought a 10 one and gotten the same flippin controller.So now I 'm thinking , I guess no one sells legitimately new controllers anymore so maybe I should n't be so upset . Well for crying out loud , if there are no more new controllers , the least you could do is let me know by listing all of them as USED . Clearly my controller is used because no new controller should feel like it 's been broken in.Maybe I got a used controller by accident , maybe my order got messed up on the way over to my house . Or maybe their definition of new is not the same as mine which leads me to write this review.Please do n't email me giving me excuses or telling me I 'm wrong . The fact is
 Buyer Beware ! This is not a Nintendo product -- even though it says that it is on Amazon . The package does n't say `` Nintendo '' anywhere ! I bought these from two different sellers -- none was a Nintendo product . I agree with the other customer who said that the controls are unresponsive . I bought another off-brand controller at Wal-Mart -- it cost a lot more -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- , but it is much more responsive . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This game seems like it was destined for the Gamecube , and Nintendo just held it over for the Wii . There is the ever present annoying dialogue text that you have to scroll through , unimpressive graphics , and mini-games that do not take advantage of the Wii remote at all . Most of the minigames use the remote as a normal controller using the direction pad and buttons . Those that do n't are n't much fun either . The board game aspect of the game slows down the gameplay without adding anything . I was bored of this game within 30 seconds , and it never really got better . I gave up an hour and a half in after failing to find one mini-game that was really any fun.If you want a fun party game , pick up Warioware Smooth Moves . The games are fast , furious , and off-the-wall insane . Plus you do n't have to suffer through a boring board game framework to actually get to the mini-games . Maybe this would be fun for very young children , but I 'm sure there are other games for them that would be more fun anyway , including Smooth Moves.Very disappointing . I had n't played previous Mario Partys , so maybe this is par for the series , but I thought with the creative use of the Wii remote that Smooth Moves used , this would be much the same , instead it the remote seems to be an after thought .
 Never having played the previous 7 Mario Parties nor having known a single thing about the game itself other than its a 4 player game with mini - challenges of skill , I was expecting something a little more entertaining . Its perfect for kids age 4-9 maybe but as far as adults , not so much . The graphics are overly colourful and showy . The gameplay is painfully boring . The video that Nintendo is showing of people still on thier couch and watching the screen ... pretty much sums up the game . You sit and wait for the graphics to animate on and off then after a few minutes you can stand up and actually do something . Then back to sitting . Its basically a board game with very few and far between moments of action .
 This has to be one of the worst boring games I have ever had the displeasure of playing . It 's more exciting to sit outside and watch the grass grow .
 As a Gamecube owner who has every one of the Mario series games Nintendo has made , all I can say is that Mario Party 8 for Wii has been a big let down . Party 8 seems more like a demo disc of half baked games than a premium game disc that sells for $ 50 . The games played out more like silly and tedious board games and basically gave me a headache .
 This game is n't even worth anyones time or money . I excitedly waited for this game for my birthday to only find out I can unlock the games within 3 hours of gameplay and that most of the games did not utilize the wii remote sensory and advises people to use it as a simple joystick . Also , most of the games and stages are ripoff 's of previous mario party games . Even worst is that the computers in the game roll straight 10 's or they land on event buttons time after time , even on easy . The fun and challenges once present in mario party is completely lost in this game , especially in the once terrifying duel battles , which does n't challenge the player nor is anything lost in the end that you could n't get back within 2 or 3 turns . Buy this game if you want something you can beat a 3 hours and torture your friends with , otherwise do n't waste your time . Theirs much better games to play out there .
 The board game aspect of one of the game was stupid and took way too freaking long . I found the mini-games/duels to be pathetically stupid . I played this game with my fourteen-year-old nephew who thought the game was far more stupid than I did , and I thought it was extremely stupid . I hated it . If I could have given it a rating in negative numbers I would have . I do n't recommend this game to anyone.Children under 8 might find this game fun , but I did not !
 I 'm getting sick of Nintendo releasing a new Mario Party every one or two years . The series has also been lousy , and it 's getting worse . The graphics and sound are even worse than your typical Mario Party , in fact they would n't even be worthy of Gamecube 's average quality . All the modes and minigames are boring . So far in this entire series , no Mario Party game has been unique = less and less replay value . I rate this game 32/100 .
 I bought this game to play with my kids , but really this is not very fun at all . It is a board game not very intresting .
 There are some really great things about MP8 that would attract any Mario Party fan or gamer to this series . Toadette , Blooper , and Hammer Bro are all playable characters and it can be a lot of fun to have a little more variety than what is usually offered . The host of the carnival MC Ballyhoo is quite clever and witty and whoever thought of creating this little cool dude , I give major props to . Finally the Carnival Cards you receive after playing a board can be used to purchase all sorts of cool things from more minigames to little statue like objects . Unfortunately the bad things seem to outweigh the good in this game . Except for Koopa and Bowser 's board which are my favorites , the other ones seem to be just annoying and not thought up well . In Goomba 's and Shy Guy 's board the objective and point you are going for never changes , making gameplay dull very quickly and putting the gamer to sleep . The so called `` Star Battle Arena '' acts as the story mode for the board and it can be very difficult to complete . I probably lost to Dry Bones over 7 times in Boo 's board , so frustrating I was ready to throw down my Wiimote and have a child like tantrum . The music in MP8 compared to 9 is horrendous seeing as though for instance when you hear the music from Free Play Arena , it is in your head all day long.If you only want MP8 for the awesome minigames and how well the controls are made out , and character selection by all means buy this game . If you think that this is going to be a game you 're going to look back at in 10 years and say `` Man this was one cool game '' . Forget it , you 'll be disappointed .
 When I played Mario Party 8 at a relatives house , I thought it would be very fun to have . I WAS WRONG . First , pretty boring game play . All you do is run around a board with whatever character you chose and play mini-games . Second , there is not really much to unlock . There are really only 3 main things to unlock . So pretty much it is just a board game on your TV . I am a Nintendo fan , but this is -LSB- ... -RSB- . My advice is to play it at a friends house or rent it . I bought Mario Party DS , and it was better than the Wii version.RK Gamer
 I thought that this would have something fun built in ... it is a bunch of mini-games with limited imagination and a board game to play on the Wii . This is for kids 3-10 years of age -LRB- at best -RRB- Nintendo usually delivers better games ... please rent this game before purchase and save yourself some buyers remorse . At least Mario Galaxy will be coming out in the some what near future -LRB- which will set the new standard -RRB-
 I 'm still waiting for the Nintendo Mario Party 8 . I received the wrong DS game . I wrote back to the seller . They never answered my email but I did receive an email about a week later that included a postage paid label to mail the wrong game back to the vendor . Have n't heard anything back from them and have n't gotten the Mario Party 8 game yet . I sent the wrong DS back on November 1st . Still waiting for the Mario Party 8 to arrive . I have n't rated the vendor yet until I receive the product I ordered .
 THE SELLER WAS BOGUS ... NEVER ARRIVED ... BEEN APPROX A MONTH SO FAR . ALSO SAID GAME MOST LIKELY WOULDNT WORK WHEN IT ARRIVED . AT LEAST I GOT A REFUND !!!!!
 Sorry , but do n't bother with this game . It 's just a bunch of mini games and maybe it 's fun for little kids , but I am really amazed at how limited and boring this game is .
 this is a verry booring kids party without drinks and girls , no seriusly shake the control one time and another that was the deal all the game , shaking for one thing or another later of 1 or 2 hours of playing result boring ...
 Mario Party 8 is essentially a collection of -LRB- mediocre at best -RRB- mini games designed for the Nintendo Wii and the Motion Sensing Wii-Remote . What makes Mario Party unique is that it takes the form of a traditional board game , with players taking turns to roll the dice block and move ahead the number of spaces shown . The virtual game board has many different types of spaces players can land on , each producing different effects . The primary objective of the game is to collect more stars than the other players . The winner of the game is the player with the most stars after all the turns have been completed.As with most other party games , Mario Party 8 is best played with multiple , preferably four friends . However , the game can also be played alone or with less then four people , in this case the computer takes over for any absent player.Unfortunately , the game is not very engaging , making only limited use of the Wii-mote and moves painfully slow . This becomes a real big issue when playing the game as a single Player . In this situation the player is forced to sit and watch until all three computer controlled characters finish taking their turn . Overall , the game relays heavily on luck , which becomes frustrating especially when playing against the computer . Adding these shortcomings to the mediocre and often boring mini games makes Mario Party 8 a very unattractive game .
 I heard a lot about this game and was very excited to finally buy it . Unfortunately , i was extremely disappointed with it . The game was very boring and after about an hour of repetition , we gave up . We returned the game the following day .
 i received the item and it was scratched which was not included in the description . I returned it and have n't heard anything yet .
 Like some others have already mentioned , this game is terribly boring . Non-stop questions and instructions taking place and very little action . You end up hitting the A button over and over and over before you can start a game and when it does start , you spend most of the time watching other players . One of the worst I 've seen and I 've been a gamer since the 80 's . Heck , give me Atari 2600 Combat where I can at least be engaged .
 These games were awesome on n64 and mario party 4 and 5 were pretty good , but ever since then they sucked honestly , the first two were the best in my opinion , they were simple and fun , but i think the 1st was a little better then the 2nd , so i think they should stop making these games , and also super smash bros. on wii is great but not as good as the 1st 1 but good
 This is one of the worst games I have ever played.I currently own Mario Party 3,5,6 , and 7 , and I like them all . Some are better than others , but overall I like most of the mini-games , I like the game boards , and they are fun to play.This game , however , is so awful my husband and I only made it through an hour of play before looking at each other and mutually agreeing that it should go right back into its Gamefly envelope and never be mentioned again . It is just sooooo boring ! There are way too many menus , way too much time wasted on stupid things , the mini-games are horrible -LRB- a lot of them consist only of shaking your wiimote as hard as you can -RRB- , the boards are all chance/no strategy , and I felt like I was playing a game for a toddler -LRB- I am 27 -RRB- . Honestly , if this is considered a party , I do n't know what is going on in the gaming world . My cat could throw a better party.Recommended multi-player games for Wii that ARE a party : Kirby 's Return to Dream Land , New Super Mario Bros. , Just Dance 3 , Tetris Party Deluxe , Pictionary - Udraw . Happy Gaming !
 I am an avid Mario Party player . I own Mario Party 2 for the N64 , all four MP games for the GameCube , and Mario Party DS . I love these games , and I enjoy playing them with my partner . I was so excited to get Mario Party 8 for the Wii , but was sorely disappointed before we 'd even finished our first game.I know that Wii graphics are n't good compared to the PS3 or the XBox 360 , but the graphics for MP8 made my eyes hurt . It was hard to look at which made it hard to play . The boards are not fun , the mini-games are ok , but I do n't play just for the mini-games . We tried playing a couple different boards and finally decided that we would trade the game in to a local shop and take a $ 30 loss . I should have read reviews on gaming websites before playing it . The website , IGN.com gave the game a rating of 5.2 / 10 . The other games are pretty consistent and have all gotten 7-8 .5 / 10 . My feeling on the game is that Nintendo decided to throw together a sub-par Mario Party game to coincide with the recent release of the Wii . Nintendo knew that people would buy the game because it has a huge following . They got me once , but it wo n't happen again . I will fully review , and possibly even test out MP9 after it 's been out for awhile.Don ' t waste your time or money with this game if you actually like Mario Party !
 It 's nothing like the N64 Mario Party . Game boards are mostly short and uneventful , minigames are pretty fun , and the gameplay is a bit slow .
 I bought this item as a Christmas present for a 5 year old . The seller - goHastings - said the item was in very good condition and worked . The game does not work at all . I contacted the seller and they said it was passed the 30 day return policy , which I would hope they be generous enough to take into consideration it was bought as Christmas present . The point is they sold an item that was not working at all . Avoid them .
 When I bought this game , I once again made the mistake of buying a Wii game blindly . I had never played it . I put the game in my Wii and was greeted with a sickeningly happy MARIO PARTY 8 !!! What was even worse was the WELCOME TO THE STAR CARNIVAL I had to hear every time I turned the game on . After I got over that shock , I began to play . I soon met the hosts , Ballyhoo and Big Top . They are much more annoying than their names and they sounds they make when they talk give me a headache . I almost had a mental breakdown when Ballyhoo said phrases like `` pony up '' . The other characters phrases are n't much better -LRB- Daisy says `` neato '' !!! -RRB- . The boards also have characters that are a little too childish for me . This game could have easily gotten five stars with Toadsworth returning as the host , less annoying characters , and more classic game boards.Please get Brawl , Mario Cart Wii , or a gamecube game . The long golden days of Nintendo are over .
 First impression
 My son and I have enjoyed the Mario Party games but with the Wii Mario Party we feel that the mini games were lacking , they could be a lot better so we were disappointed . It seems that some of the mini games that are in previous games could of been incorporated with the 8 but were n't . There are a couple of mini games that are impossible to beat when playing against computer characters.We also think the game itself does n't play as well as the others , for instance you get candy pieces that do different things when playing and we find that this feature does n't really add anything to playing the game . We are just hoping that they will improve the game for when Mario Party 9 comes out .
 I have owned the very first Mario Party for Nintendo 64 and now that I have purchased Mario Party 8 and played it , it 's a HUGE downgrade ! In the first Mario Party you can purchase different trophies to gamble your coins , different blocks to use on the game boards , break records , etc. . In Mario Party 8 , there is n't much you can do beside play the board games , the mini games are n't much fun , some of the new characters are plain and no matter how good you do in the board games , you still get the same amount of carnival cards ! The bottom line is , this game is boring and nothing compared to the first Mario Party !
 I was really looking for a game that was going to be fun and exciting for not only young players but older ones as well . This was not that game . This game can quickly become boring and un-interesting for the older player , and is quite confusing for younger players . After playing Wii Sports , this game fails to impress .
 NOT WIDESCREEN ! I 've played every Mario Party . I 've enjoyed them up until about 5 . That 's when they started making big mistakes . This is the worst Mario Party yet . I 'll explain why.First , and most obvious , is the HDTV problem . This game is not in 16:9 widescreen at all . It fools you at first . The first screen and the menu is in full wide screen but the actual game and the mini-games are all in 4:3 format with horrible patterned borders on each side . A very cheap and annoying ploy by Nintendo . The graphics look great , but then when you start playing , it looks worse than Gamecube.TIP
 I love mini-games . I love casual games . I love multi-player games . I love Mario games . I hate Mario Party 8 . The game was so lame I tried to take it back to the store for a refund . The controls are sluggish and there is hardly anything to the game . Instead of getting this , get Super Monkeyball -LRB- with it 's large collection of mini-games , some good and many lame -RRB- , or Big Brain Academy -LRB- all good -RRB- , or something else , anything else.This game moves so slow , that my son wanted me to make the game start , while we were towards the end of playing a game .
 I had high hopes for this game . Nintendo could have done a lot with the wii 's capabilities in a game like this . Nonetheless , all they did was recycle the same old button mashers or `` guess what bomb will blow up your friend '' type games . It was really disappointing and felt like the game was hastily thrown together . It felt more like a port from the gamecube than it did an original game . This is probably the worst nintendo made game out for the wii right now . Save yourself some money and wait till better multiplayer games come out .
 This is the first Mario party game of the franchise that I have played . I have not played console games since about 1997 during the N64 era . I have played PC games since that time.The very first thing I notice about this game are the horrible graphics . This game looks horrible on a wide screen TV . This would normally have more of an impact on a game 's score but as someone pointed out , this game is n't about graphics . It is somewhat of a strain to see , though , in some of the mini games . -LRB- Some of this blame falls on the Wii itself for having analogue , low res graphics ... if you own a flat panel TV , which I 'm betting most of you do , you 'll be disappointed . -RRB- The sound is ... lacking . I expect nothing less than full speech , not just the welcome line . For $ 50 , I want voice acting and I want very good voice acting . If we 're forced to proceed through every single line of dialogue , anyway , there should be narration . Which brings me to my next complaint.This game is painfully slow . I do n't want cut scenes to start playing that I 've seen a million times . I do n't want to have to click through several paragraphs of text I 've seen a million times . A better `` skip '' system needs to be in place . I 've never been to a party that has had a pace THIS painfully slow.The programming algorithms are painfully predictable . You can turn it into a drinking game ... for instance , predict what will happen on every turn . Simply pick the worst possible roll for you or the best possible roll for the CPU and you 'll be the only one sober at the end of the game . I am able to predict for 4 straight rounds now 100 % of the roll outcomes . Randomisation and AI are simply not in this game at all . This ruins the game when not playing 4 human players.Some of the mini games are actually fun . Some are so predictable , you wish they had a skip button to just automatically default to the player who will win already , why waste 30 seconds of my life?The fact that you ca n't rent this on a Friday night , invite your friends over and start playing is indeed EXTREMELY annoying . I want to jump right to the mini-games without all the accompanying BS that comes with unlocking this stuff . If I wanted to play a quirky board game , I 'd pick up a box of The Game of LIFE instead.I had high hopes for this game and indeed picked it up on a Friday night for my family to play . Before long , we were all bored and asked `` Is it OVER yet ? ''
 I have played this game three times trying to get a good feel for it . So far , not so good ! It is probably more of a kids game or a parent with kids game , but does not seem like a good party game for adults . I think , to be fair , the hype had me expecting more than what the game actually offers . Unless it is for kids , I would wait and get a used copy for less or at least rent it to see if it is the type of game you would enjoy for the money .
 My husband and I got this game to play together because a friend of his said it was tons of fun . We played it once and were 100 % bored with it . You have to play with 4 people , so if you do n't have 4 then you get the computer for the rest of the people ... thats not fun to just sit there waiting for the computer to play . We did n't touch it again and ended up giving it away .
 Purchased this with expectations that the mini-games would be easy to get into and fun . After trying them out , I can only describe them as tedious . Every game seems to have 10 or so `` intro '' screens that you have to go through . To make matters worse , there are different ways to get through the intro screens . Some require pushing A , others you have to select options with the cursor then click A , others require jumping to get a random dice roll . Then getting into the game itself this type of tediousness continues all over again . This may be fun for some occasions , but I would recommend highly you try out the game before you buy .
 We did not like this version as much as some of the older Mario parties .
 I was so happy when I heard about `` Mario Party 8 '' , but I was so dissapointed when I played it . There are so many things WRONG with this game.First of all , this game should have been released for the Gamecube , not Wii . As a matter of fact , the whole game looks like it was completed for Gamecube , then quickly converted to Wii . Let 's take when characters shop . The `` Yes '' and `` No '' options are at the bottom of screen . So usually when you point the controller so far down , the sensor bar looses contact with the control , so you have the `` re-aim '' the control several times . This was the design of the previos Gamecube games , but then you could just steer the controlstick and hit `` A '' , here you have to aim and choose . This is annoying and frustrating , why could n't they move the Yes or No to the middle of the screen ?! I mean , when you choose what you want to buy , you have three things on the middle of the screen . Then when you 've chosen what you want to buy , the options move to the bottom of the screen again - to ask you `` Are you sure you want to buy this ? '' - ARGH !!! This was the design of Mario Party 6 and 7 , so it 's obvious this game WAS done for Gamecube first , then quickly converted . The same problem occours when that character with the hat asks if you want to hear a secret about the board you play , you have to AIM for `` no '' . The minigames also suffers from the quick conversion . A lot of the minigames , you just turn the control to the side , use the plus for steering and 1 to kick/hit and 2 to jump . This is Wii , you 'd expect to use the control like in other Wii games , not pretend the control is a Gamecube control !! And those games that use this control are so boring . Other games where you are supposed to steer , you `` tilt '' the controller either left or right . And some other games you turn the control , while it 's up , from side to side . Why does the controls have to change so much ?? Sometimes it 's difficult to get contact with the sensor bar , even when you hold the control like you 're supposed to . Take the game with the chimps , the game tells you to steer left or right to move the monkey . The game responds so bad , whether you move the control fast or slow , the chimp takes 2-3 seconds to respond . Bad conversion.There are a very few games which really feel like you play on Wii , like the `` Shaking Soda can '' minigame , or the `` Clean Chomp '' game . There 's also a game where you should do 3 different things - saw , hammer and paint a wall . These games are easy and may seem boring , but they are funniest because you get to do something with the Wii remote , it feels like you are really playing . But believe me , the boring minigames are overload and they are regurlarly chosen instead of the fun minigames . I also felt the `` Battle Minigames '' were all boring , one game is impossible to be the only winner , because there 's a limit on how much points you can get . And I HATE the cutting ropes game . It 's totally random and I 've never won it.It gets worse . In previous Mario Party games , especially in the first Mario Party , the easy computer players were so bad you were laughing at how badly they played certain games . I remember in the first game , I was laughing so hard watching Luigi play a memory game , he would run to the correct place , but then change direction and go to another place , then another , and another and choose wrong . Talk about stupid ! In this game , I felt the easy players were n't easy , they play rather good for being supposed to suck at the game . So because they are easy , they play good at a slow speed or if the games requires a certain distance , they fail at certain distances . In previous games , easy computers was a laugh , here they appear really good.Anyway , let 's say you play a game with a friend , you are forced to use 2 computers . You use them on easy , they never win a single minigame . That would make you a winner right ? Wrong . This game is purely luck and walking fast . The computer players always hit 5-10 , they land on all the bonus places and they can get 20-50 coins on a single turn . There is also a secret star area , when you hit a golden space , you get transported there . Me and a family member played this game , Toad was a computer player . Within 2 turns , he had already gone to the secret area . Then he went there TWO TIMES MORE . And yourself usually get to the secret area 1 out of 5 times playing a whole board game . So at the end , he got over 6 stars within 5 turns . That 's just impossible to prevent , there is no chance time and duel only let 's you steal 1-20 coins -LRB- I 've only seen stars as a choice twice -RRB- . So basically , the computer players never win a single minigame , but are so lucky they get coins and stars all the time.It gets EVEN worse . The boards feel uncreative and slow . The only way you get starts if you are quick enough , that means hitting 5-10 all the time . This what the computer players do . This is not what you do . Yourself get 1-4 , if you 're really lucky you get 10 . I mean , sometimes I get 1 several times in a row and the computer player is almost at the star . To sum all the boards upDonkey Kong
 I read some really great reviews about this game . After the initial play , my kids have n't touched it since . When comaring it to other games such as Just Dance 3 or Kirby 's Epic Yarn or Disney Universe , it really does n't stand up to them . My kids are 6 & 8 which maybe why they are not very interested in it . For younger children I can see how it 'd be fun .
 This game is pathetic . I am insulted that Nintendo would sell a product to me like this . There are only five areas to explore -LRB- your house , the yard , a beach , some snow place , and a forest -RRB- which is kind of pathetic . The objective is to collect cards and collect these TV chip things that allow you to watch new channels . Its kind of stupid when u see the same channel over and over and over ... especially when you get to watch a bunch of sheep jump over some fence . -LRB- I have seen it go over 500 , and it never changes . -RRB- The only good thing about the game is that you can watch some new pokemon show , but it doesnt even last that long . Then they try to make it seem like u get alot of channels by remaking the new show in Japanese , full edition , and then 3 other channels that play different parts of the show . If you really want to buy this game , rent it . Its not worth $ 20 for only one day of fun .
 Do you love Pokemon , but wish that Nintendo would drop all of that RPG crap with the Water beats Fire and the going from town to town ? Well your in luck ! Those generous fokes at Nintendo have made a sequal to their title `` hey You Pikachu '' , and it 's even MORE boring this time around.This time , the big catch is you can watch television with Pikachu . Yes , that 's right , Nintendo wants you to spend your hard earned money on a `` game '' that pretty much is about sitting infront of a television , viewing programing so terrible you 'll wonder why Nintendo did n't add a warning lable staying `` Warning
 The Gamecube has been out for two years and now we finally have a Pokemon game for it . Unfortunately this might not really be a game . Lets start with some details and what this game does right first . Apparently Prof. Oak has been hard at work on a television network for Pokemon -LRB- does the man have a life ? -RRB- . Now you 've been chosen to test this network and see if it 's any good . Right when the television is delivered guess who suddenly breaks into your house ? If you said Pikachu you 're unfortunately correct -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . So now you and Pikachu -LRB- who is apparently allowed to break the law -RRB- are now tasked to watch this network and see how it works . Each channel has different Pokemon themed shows such as PNF -LRB- Pokemon News Flash -RRB- , Shop n Squirtle , Pichu Bros Party Panic Anime , and Slowpokes weather report . There are more but they 're neither interesting nor fun to watch . Let 's start with the good . The graphics are okay , not heavily detailed , but they get the job done with the exception of some of the Pokemon models looking like they came from the N64 games . You can occasionally go outside and see different Pokemon , which is pretty cool . The shopping channel even sells bus passes which can take you to different areas to see different Pokemon . Now the bad and there are more of these than the good . If you hate Pikachu this WILL increase your hatred ten fold at least . He always wants to watch TV ! It usually takes an act of congress to get him to go outside and see the different Pokemon , which is arguably the best part of this game . Now some of the shows are okay but noo he wants to watch all of them including crap like Smoochum exercising for five minutes . It 's like babysitting some annoying child . After a few days of this you will try to get him run over by the bus -LRB- sadly you can not -RRB- . Now my biggest gripe
 This game is horrible ! Do n't waste your money on this , please .
 I was at a conveince store yesterday and saw the worst gamne Nintendo has ever created ! Pokemon Channel !? This is worse than `` Hey You Pikachu '' . Everything is really boring , a weak storyline , and the worst for last
 this game was really short and pretty boring , i do not like it . i would not recommened this game to anyone .
 my brother got this cheap game from my neighborfor his b-day , and now it 's collecting dust.I give this game no stars , because this just a cpoy of `` Hey you , pikachu '' !
 I first heard of this game on x-play -LRB- a tv show that reviews games -RRB- and I first thought it was something like a pokemon battle thingy but I saw it was nothing more than something you watch ! This isnt even a videogame If u ask me . i would rather save my money for other VIDEOGAMES , than waste my money on this .
 what you do in this game is watch tv ... but with pikachu : -LRB-
 All ya do is watch Pikachu watch TV . Not fun . The people on TechTV 's `` X-Play '' gave it a 1 out of 5 . I agree wholeheartedly .
 okay my son tried to transfer chao so i bought it it said error so then i got a gamecube then still error so i got 1 more still error then i tried every thing buying old gba so its junk
 This is how amazon described this product ... Product Features : - Exchange data between your GameCube and Game Boy Advance - Use your GBA as a supplemental controller - You can even unlock game secrets and new game levels!Well , Amazon failed to mention that the cable only works with certain gamecube games . We have 6 games , and none of them has the icon that the cable instructions says to look for . Of course , the package is now opened , so I ca n't even return it!Amazon should have included this important info about the cable 's limitations .
 Not sure if something else is needed to make this link cable work , but instructions were n't very clear . We plugged link cable into Gamecube and Gameboy and nothing happened .
 Please be advised that the item being shipped is NOT an original Nintendo product . The connector `` fits '' into the GBA SP , but it is too wide
 This is not the advertised Nintendo cable . It is some generic third party cable , which is NOT what is advertised . This is very dishonest . Springledge Entertainment Inc. is the name listed on the invoice , so I would recommend being very skeptical of their products . I 'm going to go try a used game store for this cable .
 Pros : - Available for PRIME shipping-Amazon will have UPS come pick-up re-order so I do n't have to drive to UPS again.Cons : - Amazon should allow a reviewer to give `` zero '' stars.-Not `` by Nintendo '' as stated-Cheap generic cable-Ordered 1st cable and complained that it was generic cable and was told to re-order and ship back incorrect/generic cable -LRB- waste of MY time and gas -RRB- - Reordered when told by online chat rep -LRB- exact quote -RRB- `` It does n't happen normally . You 'll get the right product this time . '' - Received the same cheap generic cable for 2nd order.-Contacted Amazon and at first they tried to blame on seller , but I pointed out that it was fulfilled by Amazon , so Amazon should make sure that they are provided with quality goods to ship .
 do n't buy it expecting these cables to be the ones shown in the image , they are from a generic brand and do n't work for pokemon games .
 Everyone needs to know that this version will not work with the Windows Vista platform . It will shut down immediately and you wo n't get to play anything at all . It only makes it to the first screen . At 5.99 , it 's a bite to swallow because it 's more expensive to return than it is to take the hit . I do n't recommend this version .
 Not what I expected from the name Hoyle , many repetitive design , the 3d is n't all that .
 I had a previous Mahjongg version that was installed on the hard drive and available for play whenever I wanted to use it . I was very disappointed when I realized that was n't the case with this particular version . Too bad . I 'm looking for another version so that I can play on my laptop whenever I want the diversion and do n't have to have the CD along to make it happen . The graphics or visuals for the tiles are n't the best resolution either .
 Hoyle Mahjongg is interesting buit I find it is n't easy to use and does n't have the variations I was looking for . Besides , I wanted a program where the cd was n't needed in the cd drive to play the games .
 THIS GAME HAD LOTS TO OFFER MAYBE TO MUCH.WHAT I DID NOT LIKE ... . UNLIKE MY OTHER HOYLE GAMES YOU HAD TO INSERT THE CD EVERYTIME YOU WANTED TO PLAY . I RATHER ENJOY NOT HAVING TO DO THAT
 For $ 10 I ca n't complain because it is still Majongg , but the game I received has Hoyle Majongg on the box , the CD , and the splash screen along with the Encore branding , but once installed it shows that it is Mega Majongg by Inertia Software . To be honest , I felt cheated because other games from Encore who took over the Hoyle titles from Sierra are as advertised . Hoyle Casino , Hoyle Card Games , and Hoyle Puzzle Games are all produced by Encore and contain the same games that we enjoyed when Sierra produced them . I was expecting the same situation in this instance .
 I originally was excited to get this game b/c there are so many different layouts ; however , the game is not challenging what-so-ever . I was sadly disappointed . The game lets you ` shuffle ' as many times as needed until you 've won the game . I prefer something w/more limits , & actual levels to reach . If you want ANY type of challenge , this game is NOT one you want to buy .
 I am a senior citizen and spend a lot of time on my computers . I have become addicted to playing all sorts of Mahjong 's games and ordered this one . My disappointment is in the fact that i have to put the disc in to play each time . Other than that it is a good and beautiful game .
 I bought this and was not aware it will not work on windows 7 at all.cannot play it .
 This is the nicest Mahjong game to play once you get to the game , but takes for ever for the game to load to the point of play which is very frustrating . There are too many chip sets , layouts , and backgrounds from which to choose . There is snow like stuff floating across the chips which is very distracting . The steps involved to start another game are too involved . After finishing a game it is very annoying having to go through all of the steps just to start another game . The annouances killed the desire for me to continue playing the game which is why I removed it from my computer . . This game could be improved considerably by reducing the time and steps it takes to get to the game and eliminating the annoyances . When the game is started for the first time it should prompt for the players name , and the chip set , layout and background and be stored . Those settings should be used each time the game is started unless a different player is selected at start-up . Players names should be stored and displayed at startup . A player would be required to select his name which should automatically load-up his defauld game set-up preferences . Game results should be stored automatically each time a game ends and display the following options 1 . Start a New Game , 2 . Review Scores , 3 Return to Set-up , 4 . Quit Game.As for Satisfaction playing this game I would have to rate it at 1 on a scale of one to ten because of all of the annoyances mentioned above . Once a game is started getting to the of actually point of play should be quick with as few step as possible . Eliminating the annoyances would make this one of the best Mahjongg games available .
 For some reason this game came with Mega Mahjongg by Inertia Software . There is no Hoyle product on the CD.I 've been scammed . It even has a Hoyle Mahjongg printed CD.Can ' t change screen resolution and stuck in a tiny window . screen locks up constantly . Tried 3 computers and the games locks up or graphics freak out . -LRB- ie . Tiles go partially blank , layers of tiles disappear and come back , sections of the screen disappear and come back . -RRB- I have Intel HD300 graphics , AMD 6870 , AMD 6650D built-in . CD must be in machine to play :-RRB- . what a PITA.What the heck is going on here ?
 Installed on my comp and it starts but freezes every time . I just ca n't play it . This game is useless .
 I 'm sure that this upgrade will be one of high magnitude , however the production and development for this product is not . The first upgrade was posted to be out a month ago and they decided that we would want the full expansion pack at one time . Personally I would have enjoyed being entertained by the first upgrade while I waited for the larger expansion . Now they have delayed the release yet again . I 'm sorry but this is not how you run a successful company . When you set a release date you had better make it even if this means overtime for the crew . To delay causes desertion in the buying population and not as many people will buy now than before . Also I do concur that they need to keep the original game separate from the expansion . Thanks .
 At first I was impressed with this sorry excuse for a game , but after playing it for a week , I win every time when I play against the computer . But really what is the worst is that the AI of the game -LSB- stink -RSB- . It just is worthless . So in a. . . attempt to make it more challenging , it cheats . You ever charge 3 heavy calvary with 60 of your heavy calvary only to be beaten because the 3 heavy calvary you attacked just happened to have their daimyo ? Come on , how stupid is that ? There are a million bugs the game uses to get an advantage , which is a real shame , because the frustration it builds just does not make the game worth it . It is also a joy to get your troops stuck on the side of a mountain and it is just impossible to manuerver them anymore . Never has a game had such potential just to -LSB- stink -RSB- .
 Sorry guys , I know this will get me called names but I rushed out & bought the original Shogun the day it came out . I had high expectations . It was one of my `` most wanted '' games and the reviews were uniformly great ... but ... It 's a _ very _ poor strategy game . Risk style map with a little bit of -LRB- one -RRB- resource management Japan is also a pretty poor map for compelling strategy , -LRB- hold one front attack on the other until you get to one end of the map then move your forces to the other front & sweep up the rest of the map not much of a challenge -RRB- - but you 're saying - the 3D battles ... are pretty to look at but the control system is appalling . Try lining up two units of archers to present a united front 2 men deep to the enemy , tear you hair out with frustration . Then do the same thing in `` Ground Control '' in 2 seconds flat . The number of individually controllable units per battle is tiny -LRB- 8 if I recall correctly -RRB- so you ca n't even outmanouever your opponent strategically to bring a huge army to bear & reduce casualties , nope , by half way through the game everyone is tooling about with full strength armies so it turns into a glorified game of scissors-paper-stone . In summary , great in theory , lousy in practice I played it -LRB- solidly -RRB- for about a week before I got disillusioned -LRB- it does n't get better -RRB- - I gave my copy away to a charity . Be prepared for a disapointment if you listen to the other reviews . The emperor has no clothes on & it 's about time it was said -LRB- and I know other people who have played the game & think the same about it too -RRB- .
 I Love the orignial Shogun , but this is too much . My poor unsuspecting wife bought me this for my birthday and what did we get ? This is hardly an upgrade over the original - a couple of new unit types and a silly mongol campaign FOR THE FULL PRICE OF THE ORIGINAL GAME ??? . Where is the upgrade to the diplomatic room - instead it 's gone and we 're left with unfulfilling text . Where is the upgrade to support single user castle sieges ? Instead there are just some corny castles dotted around the scenery without purpose or use . How about enhanced graphical renditions of the units ? How about an enhanced story line ? This is just the same old game repackaged to rip you off . For shame .
 You 've spent hours building a massive army ... You 've finally forced the A.I. into a descisive battle ... Your calavry is set to out flank the enemy Archers ... Your spearmen are set to take the charge of the enemy horsemen . . Your bowmen have taken the high ground , ready to rain death on your foe ... Crash ... This game is RIDDLED with random crashes . Go to fight a battle . . crash . . go to save a game . . crash . . go to load a game . . crash . . Even after patching it , it crashes more often then the stock market.Dont buy it . It makes me a little unsure of buying Medevial total war if they left this product so under supported .
 When I tried the game on my laptop it needed a installation number which was not provided . And when I tried playing it on my PC it would quit right at the game was loading to take me to my park . I would like to recieve a new one if that is possible.Sim Coaster
 all the other sim games have been great . but this one is difficult -LRB- impossable -RRB- to run on windows XP it only works on 95 and 99 . very dissapointing .
 I bought this game thinking it would be way better than Roller Coaster Tycoon , and plus
 I love simulation games . I own all the Sim games , Roller Coaster Tycoon , Tropico -LRB- new game - Excellent ! -RRB- , Ceasar II , Postal , etc. . The graphics on this game might have been impressive in 1994 when the original Theme Park -LRB- which this is derrived from -RRB- came out , but they are poor compared to todays standards . When I opened the box and played the game , I felt like I had been ripped off . This is Sim Theme Park with a new name and some slight changes . Sim Theme Park was not much better than Bullfrog 's Theme Park . If you want a fun simulator of a theme park with great graphics and some funny things -LRB- like drowning your unhappy visitors in the lake , or crashing your roller coasters on purpose -RRB- then get RollerCoaster Tycoon and the expansion packs for that game .
 Its completely the same as Sim Theme Park . The way you build and ride the coasters is the same as Sim Theme Parkm , and I think Sim Theme Park has a larger variaty of coasters . After actually building the ride itself riding the ride is jerky and unrealistic . If you want a theme park game get Rollercoaster Tycoon . If you already have Rollercoaster Tycoon save your money .
 Do n't let the SIM family name fool you . This game is a disgrace . My 10-year old daugther received it for her birthday and excitedly torn into the package -LRB- Sorry honey , we ca n't return it -RRB- . I never heard of SimCoaster but installed it with high expectations -LRB- afterall , `` The Sims '' is great -RRB- . Less than two minutes into the game , I was convinced it was something from a sofware discount bin , circa 1994 . SimCoaster has some of the cheesiest graphics I 've seen in the last six or seven years.While the packaging and design are clearly aimed at young childern , the main objective of the game is the mundane task of `` managing '' a theme park -LRB- and some people think bloody games like Quake or Doom lead to violent outbursts -RRB- . As you work -- you ca n't call this `` play '' -- a perky and annoying in-game assistant regularly reminds you that the `` workers are unhappy , '' `` a ride has broken down , '' or the park 's customers `` are n't having much fun , '' to which my daugther responded with an unsolicited `` Neither am I. `` Enough said . If you love your children , avoid this game . It would be too expensive even if it was free .
 I could not get this game to run on my computer because it is not supported by windows XP . If you use anything more current than windows 98 do n't waste your money on this game .
 bought this , and come not in the originality pack of it , so it depends on who you buy from i guess , because the one i got the case is not the original case and broke , eventhough it said new , anyway , the password just come in the piece of paper rather than original casing in the back of it , very dissapointed the way they handle it , not pro , and after you got it , takes along time before it open , i guess because i have older version computer , than they said read manual , which i could n't find it anywhere , so that 's almost the story of it , besides it totally not like roller coaster it just like cartoon , not real .
 I could not get this game to run on my computer because it is not supported by windows XP . If you use anything more current than windows 98 do n't waste your money on this game .
 I bought the game thinking I 'd be able to build roller coasters and have lots of fun . The only thing I did was waste my money . I would n't recommend this game to anyone . It is not Maxis 's best game .
 The name is very decieving . The game had very little to do with building coasters . It uses the same system as Sim Theme Park which was an awful game . I thought that this game would be more similar to Roller coaster tycoon which in my opinion was the best game of 2000 or 1999 whenever it was that ot came out . If you liked Sim Theme Park you would like this game , but if you want it for the coaster aspect of the game then forget it .
 Do n't bother with a game like this , if you want a rollercoaster game buy RollerCoaster Tycoon , this game is horrible I wanted to return it , awful concept for a roller coaster game .
 This game is an extreme disappointment . It takes up a HUGE amount of space on your computer and then when you try to run it it is very slow and often freezes up . This is by far the worst sim game I have tried . Normally , I am a big fan of them . I would not recommend this game to anyone ... unless you like spending more time waiting for the computer to catch up than actually playing the game .
 I 'm sad to say that Undying does not live up to the hype . Compared to many of the games I 've played lately -LRB- Alice , Blade Of Darkness , Vampire The Masquerade , Heavy Metal -RRB- on the same computer , its graphics are poor . I admit the enemies are high quality visuals , even though the final boss looks like a ridiculous Creature Feature reject . But the uninspiring backgrounds consist of blocky architecture and blurry details . The motionless 16 bit graphic skies with visible seams are inexcusable . Note to game developers
 First off I would like to congratulate EA for making a SUPERB trailer for Undying , hell , I was caught off guard , I began my immediate purchase on my road for supah-dupah disappointment.It 's not scary , I think it 's even funny . The characters arent scary , the SFX SUX , the textures are almost too wide , its ridiculous . I really tried hard to be scared but I just couldnt . I tried to enjoy it but I failed . It 's like playing Counter Strike while on PCP .
 It is disturbing to me that so many respected reviewers are praising a first person shooter without Multiplayer with 9.0 + and 5 star scores . Undying is a fair entertainment product that uses the Unreal Engine . It is not a ground breaking program , nor important piece of gaming history . It is a fair game bacause it accomplishes to create a horrific and spooky atmosphere using sound and inspired level design . It is unimportant due to failure in almost every other department . The single player game can be finished quickly in a few days and replay value is zero , considering the linear scripted story , which is under-developed to say the least .
 It could have been easily the game of the year . It 's downright horrifying and intense . With such masterpiece graphics , sounds and feel it is easy to forgive the lack of replay value . But , BUT , the horrible bugs inroduced to the game , along with a bad-balnced gameplay , just ruined it all . The weapons are lame , the control imprecise . Far too many mouse - excercise jumping exactly from here to there wear down the experience . Then there are the bugs - no doubt the worst monstaers out there . You must not ever drain the spears from the speargun - do so and no weapon will ever shoot again . Ah , and there are plenty more for you there . Try and see for yourself - your dissapointment is assured .
 This game was difficult to play because the character was hard to maneuver -LRB- you see through his eyes -RRB- , the controls were not user friendly , and at the drop of a hat , monsters are ripping your head off . Yuck ! There are no fun puzzles and clues to figure out , it is just a bunch of running around chasing `` bad guys '' . This is ok for the blood thirsty teen-ager , but not for someone who genuinely loves a good thought inspiring interactive game . If you are like me , get `` The Longest Journey '' . That was the best game I have ever played . This one is a waste of money .
 I have many games but this is one of the worst , I have a newPC with all the advanced bells and whistles . I was really getting into this game , great graphics , easy commands , and afterapprox half hour of play -LSB- CRASH -RSB- got tech help , tried againthings are going great -LSB- CRASH -RSB- after several more attempts I gave this game to someone with perhaps more skills than I have.too bad this game seemed so promising .
 They bill this game as being a horror/adventure story , but really it is just a lot of running around lost , shooting at bad guys , and forever running out of bullets . It is not more interesting or groundbreaking than Quake or Unreal and it is certainly not an adventure game . Do n't waste your money - you 've played this before.As a technical side note , the game claims to be incompatible with 3dfx voodoo banshee . However , I have the Creative Voodoo card and it works great in high resolution and at high detail levels .
 Being a hard-core C&C / RE fan , I was excited to pick up Emperor this weekend . But after installing and playing it , I found it to be way too slow and clunky . I have a decent PC - PIII 750 128 megs etc. but I found the interface slow to use , the screen very slow to scroll , and the missions took forever to load . I found myself wanting to load up RE2 and play it . Maybe the upgrades will speed up the game to be playable , until then I am back on RE2 .
 this game is kinda cool it is similar to starcraft but much faster peace as in you do n't have to build up your city or what ever you want to call it as much.I 'm running a penutm3 550 and 192 mags of ram and dsl connection . The game freezes . And when theirs a bit going on it gets choppy malti player games are pointless playing the menus do n't even run smoothly . So maybe if you got a newer computer it might be worth buying but if you got like a 550 mhz or something you might want to think about it
 For a start , the game is incredibly demanding on hardware , even if you turn down all the graphics settings . My computer 's about a year old , and has good sound/video cards as well as up-to-date drivers , but the game keeps freezing whenever it gets busy.Secondly , with the 3D graphics it 's really hard to tell the units apart , unless you zoom right in.Thirdly , your own units are incredibly stupid
 I 'm sure this game would be great , if it would run on my computer . I have windows ME , a pentium 4 1.7 , a geforce 3 , 256 ram , sblive , latest drivers ... and for some reason , westwood -LRB- the developer -RRB- couldnt bother to test it on a new system ? I 've tried costumer support , no help there , but i did discover pleanty of other problems other people have had with the game . Also , the minimun requierments are far short of what you really need , this game requires a lot more then they say , not to mention that if you have an athlon processor , it wont run . And system requirements are the irony where my problem lies with this game . . because I have one of the only systems that would run the game in all its visual glory .
 i ca n't say what i think of the game i ca n't get play on windows 7 i look at all the reviews .
 I would normally try to give you a comprehensive review , but if you 're always looking for the next best RTS -LRB- like me -RRB- you 're probably already familiar with this game.Forget about comparing it to previous Dune titles . I 'm constanly running into the same game with different fixings
 Emporer is a well done 3D rehash of all the other Westwood Studios real time strategy games . This time however , most combat turns into a battle of attrition forcing even more unit buliding than in the C&C and RA games . They spent a lot of time/money on full motion video that could have been better spent on new , innovative units and gameplay tweaking .
 well , another game from westwood , another very unfair game from westwood . This game graphics r pretty bad -LRB- good for the time though -RRB- so im not going to complain about that . The one thing that made my rating for it so low was because the ONLY tactic the computers use is mass rushing , which ive noticed the atredies are by far best at . They have the best unit in the game by the way , which has best attack force , and best defence Its speed is preety terrible , but if you try to run out in the open to try to kill it , the other computers attack you before you can as much as weaken it . I would n't reccommend this game to any new real time strategy players ; however i would reccommend it to people who enjoy rushing games .
 The manual does not provide enough information on unit costs , strengths , and weaknesses . The UI is badly designed and does not allow you to build , deploy units , and manage operations at the pace required by the game . The units move and act stupidly ; when I order a group to move to an area of the map they seem to take random circuitous routes , and when they encounter enemies they will not shoot unless specifically ordered to do so , even if they are fired upon . Stay away from this one .
 it works on almost no computers except for like a pentium 32 and the game play isnt that good even if you play . This game has to be one of the worst westwood has created . If you like games games like this I would definitly get Age of the Empires II or Red Alert 2 . They are much better than this
 Bummer . Could n't even install this game on our computer . At first , we thought we 'd received a bad version and reordered a replacement . Then , after hours on-line with tech support , Westwood decided our Celeron processor does n't meet the requirements . Boo hoo .
 please answere my question is this game fun or no
 No one ever said that war was simple . The guys at Interplay seem to understand this - and they definately understand how Frank Herbert wanted people to understand the world of Arrakis and his wonderfully complex universe . The plot line is excellent , and the developments that keep the game moving rival Herbert 's own fiction in strength of tale . Everything that happens before you get to the battlefield is wonderful -- the backstory that few of the modern RTS games have and everybody wants.But , once you get thrown into the captain 's chair and try to control the combat ... Let 's just hope that you either wrote the thing or have a P.h.D. with a thesis in `` point-click-point-right-click , now run over there and do the same thing over again '' . RTS is supposed to be exciting , right ? It 's supposed to keep you moving from place to place , following and directing the battle on every front . It should progress slowly , teaching you the interface and the tools with which you wage war . Dune is all these things -- with an enormous , Devastator-sized `` but '' looming in the foreground.Your troops are absolutely stupid . Maybe one time in twenty will they make an intelligent decision on their own . Pathfinding is absolutely attrocious . Troops always seem to take the most dangerous route to where they are going -- not necessarily the longest mind you , but the way that puts twenty newly minted infantrymen running right by your opponents machine gun emplacements . Machine guns ? In Dune ? In the world where kinetic energy weapons are obsolete because of personal shielding technology that was one of the highlights of Herbert 's `` Dune '' series ? Yeah , machine guns . This is supposed to be how many thousands of years in the future ? Next week , Westwood is going to introduce a modern RTS that has your US Marines charging the battlefield with bows-and-arrows and greatswords . But , I digress.The wonderfully crafted resource-end of the game , built on harvesting and refining the spice melange , is definately an integral part of the plot-line . It would be fine -- if the AI that controls your harvesters and carryalls had any real decision-making skills . For instance ... I 'm trying to defend my base plateau from an assault of no-less than six Harkonnen Devastators . ... the Devastator is the most powerful Harkonnen unit in the game . It can attack both land - and air-borne threats . So , as I 'm watching these behemoths coming towards my base . I 'm moving my defenses into place , creating interlocking fields of fire with my emplaced machine guns and rocket launchers , deploying my infantry-based rocket launchers , ... ! All three of my carry-alls proceed to deposit my three , very expensive harvesters right in the middle of the inbound assault . The sensual female voice proclaims through my speakers in rapid succession - `` Your harvester is under attack . '' `` Your carryall is under attack . '' `` Unit lost . '' `` Unit lost . '' `` Unit lost . '' Repeat ad nauseum . There went fifteen minutes worth of development and I could n't even stop the carryalls from their stupidity . Did n't I tell you ? You ca n't even intervene.Oh , and by the way , the defense missions -- for the unitiated at Westwood that means I 'm defending and someone else is attacking -- are really just normal missions with a starting base instead of an MCV . You can sit there and build up your defenses to your hearts content , but the game wo n't end until you go on the offense and destroy the enemy . It is n't even timed . This morning , I built up my defenses until they were literally unbeatable - I literally built a maze out of walls and lined the walls with machine guns and rocket launchers . I walked away from the game for three hours , letting my defenses do their job so I could get finished with this stupid mission . And nothing happened.Well enough of a rant -- if you 've read this far , I would n't recommend ... this game . ... The good things about this game are far outweighed by the bad .
 The Bad : - Traveling case so small that I ca n't even fit in my PSP slim by itself . It has room for about 4 UMDs , but I do n't know how that would fit without squishing the hell out of my PSP slim.-Headphones are mono , not stereo . That 's right , `` mono . '' When I tested it I was looking for which one is the right and which one is the left headphone , but I found no marking.-I have n't tested the DC car charger yet , but it says that the PSP has to be off before plugging or unplugging the charger or damage could be caused to the PSP . I 'm not sure if this is the case for all PSP DC car chargers , but I find this annoying.The Good : The 6 UMD clear cases . That 's it.Conclusion : DO N'T BUY !!! I wasted $ 25 on this piece of crap of a kit and I do n't want any of you to waste your money like I did .
 The product used to be fun , but now it 's so out of date it wo n't even load . The product was misrepresented by the seller . I expected that since it was in cd format , that it was easily installed . NOPE ! The product was shipped with everything EXCEPT the supplement that instructed the installation . The seller refuses to refund my money in full claiming that `` I should have done my own research to be sure it would install '' . What a crock !
 To start you do n't get what the picture shows . Second when you actually open it , it looks cheap and bad finished . It 's NOT a Sony product !!! I do n't even what to plug my psp to it . I really do n't recomend it and read carefully what it is cause you would be disapointed as I 'm .
 This is just not a good game . not really much else I can say , just do n't buy it .
 This game is listed as being Mac compatible , but it only runs on mac OS 9 !!!!! It is absurd to call it mac compatible when OS9 has n't been sold in years . Only Myst III Exile can even run on OSX , and you have to install Rosetta Stone to do it . Extremely deceptive . I would be returning this product if my wife did n't happen to have an old PC to run it on.BOOO !!!!!
 myst 10th anniversary edition did work on my computer for the first game , but did not work on `` riven '' the 2nd game . I looked up various links to find out why and ended up erasing some stuff on my computer I did n't want to . I am not computer smart , but I guess that 's what I get for purchasing a out of date game . So far # 3 , `` exile '' is working , but Iam really disappointed , so if you have and XP computer I would not recomend this edition , -LRB- dvd -RRB- .
 This game is revolutionary in the history of computer gaming . From a historical point of view , it is very noteworthy and should n't be ignored.Other than that , it set the standard template for many adventure games that followed . In other words , point and click games based on a QVR slide show , accompanied with music and sound effects.The art work is surreal and awe inspiring , but I would much rather view the creations on the pages of a large coffe table art book then to stare at monitor -LRB- which is the equivalent of staring at a lightbulb -RRB- looking for hidden clues.I do enjoy 3-D gaming . There are good 3-D adventure games . But not many.According to many critics , the all time greatest adventure game ever written is 1995 's Grim Fandango . Grim , on the surface , looks grostesque for those who have never played through the game . Unfortunately , because the game has never been updated , most never will because it wo n't play well on XP with or without the compatibility mode and with the SP2 addition ... it wo n't play at all -LRB- for that further separates XP from its predecessors -RRB- . I fell in love with Manny Calvera , as most do who play the game . I lost myself completely playing Grim Fandango and I found myself transported to another world . That did not happen with Myst.The Myst 10th Anniversay Edition is the only game I did n't finish and I eventually gave it away . I played Myst all the way through , and I had almost completed Exile when I just could n't force myself to play the game anymore . The graphics , while stunning were so pristine they began to look sterile and even with all foresty foilage -LRB- towards the end of Exile -RRB- ... nuked . I did n't care about the characters or of the background storyline . I was looking at pretty pictures and going through the motions of trying to solve some inane puzzzles that reminded me of math word problems in school ... I can say that because I was a math major.Growing up , my dad was a big Rube Goldberg fan and I remember growing up looking at all the Rube Goldberg books of all these wild contraptions and inventions . That 's what many of the puzzles of Myst reminded me of . To me , Myst is n't anything wildly inventive ... it had been done before but in a sort of cartoony way.The authors of Myst did pour a lot blood , sweat , and tears into this game , but it has no soul . Soap opera 's can come up with better storylines . There was nothing to love but pretty pictures and increasingly aggravating puzzles . I really got angry when I was required to work many of the puzzles out on paper ... `` What am I playing this on a computer for if I have to work the problems out on paper !? `` I recently finished Morrowind GOTY PC-CD ROM , but of course Morrowind is never finished which is part of its appeal . That is truly a PC Game ... and there are even a few puzzles in it . That game can not be played any other way but by a computer . It is a PC game at its purist point . Not even the XBOX adaption comes close because of the mods and the modding community surrounding the Morrowind computer edition . Half the time I was playing Myst , I was asking myself ... `` Why am I playing this on a computer ? `` My biggest complaint of the game was its wear and tear on my computer . With a P4 at 3.2 Ghz and 1.5 GB DDR Ram , this should have loaded lickety split . Nope ... very long frame loads with all my fans going on and my computer obviously working very hard . I looked through many of the reviews for Myst here at Amazon . Peppered throughout the majority of favorable reviews of Myst are serious warnings about computer problems and this game . One reviewer stated he even took the game to work and tried it on a variety of computer brands and models and it was hard on all of them and many of the computers produced CTD 's during gameplay . UBI even has a disclaimer on the Myst carton stating that the copy protection might produce driver conflicts with the purchaser 's computer and not play . Not play is only half of it ... wear the computer out is more accurate and a further reason I have marked this game low . No one should be encouraged to purchase games or any software that might potentially damage equipment.marf
 I was unable to play the game due to the game not being compatible with Windows 7 ... it would not load properly . I did not see the version number ... also , it shows being in the original box and it came in its plastic only . If I had known this was an older version for Windows XP , and being incompatible with Windows 7 , I would not have purchased it .
 Before purchasing the `` Myst 10th Anniversary DVD Edition '' I should have flushed my $ -LSB- ... -RSB- down the toilet . I would have had just as much fun.Myst was fun until I entered the clock tower . Then the game froze my PC and every other time I entered . When I tried to installed `` Exile and Riven '' my PC tells me uninstall the now and run a cleaning program ASAP.The plus in this adventure was the free shipping .
 Lots of crashes in Myst . The troubleshooting suggestions offered by Ubisoft are silly . -LRB- Make sure you have at least 24-bit graphics selected . -RRB- I solved my first crash after about an hour of trying different things . As it turned out , the latest version of Quicktime -LRB- v6 .5.1 -RRB- causes a hologram projection device to crash . Removing Quicktime v6 .5.1 and installing v6 .3 from the DVD fixed that crash . I 've spent about an hour on my next crash with no luck.When you consider how long ago Myst was released as well as how long this DVD collection was released , it 's really pretty amazing how poor the quality is . There is no patch available and no useful information in the online FAQ.As far as the game itself goes , Myst certainly looks dated . It 's not a bad game , but I would agree with a previous reviewer 's comments that suggest you need to use the hints to solve the game . There have been a few occasions in which you need to click on just the right spot on some rather poor graphics to open a secret door . I enjoy trying to think through the more logical puzzles , but I really do n't have the patience to blindly click on every spot on a screen hoping to find a secret door . I have n't bothered trying Riven or Exile yet since I have n't completed Myst , so I ca n't comment on them.Bottom line
 I downloaded the Myst 10th Anniversary Edition only to find that it does not work on Vista - I wish that it would have said something on the ad for it .
 I was unable to get Myst , the first game to run at all . It would go through the opening story , then lock up completely . Riven would begin to play , but after a few minutes , it too would lock up and no longer respond . After many disgusting attempts at these two , I uninstalled them from my computer . Myst lll Exile , would run , and play , but I was unable to get anywhere in the game , probably due to my own discouragement after the other two not so good times.I should tell you that I am running Vista , not the older versions , like XP or 98 , so perhaps that would account for the first two versions not running . In any event , I can not recommend this game .
 I was very disappointed with the fact that this was adverised as a Windows XP version . I already have Myst , which I played in Windows ME shortly before getting my new computer that runs Windows XP , and I have Myst Exile . I also have a copy of Riven at my parent 's house and they are n't using it , so I could have retrieved that to play Riven . I bought this because I thought the idea was that it had been updated for newer platforms/machines , but I was wrong . I had to use Windows XP `` compatability mode '' at Windows 98 setting to get Riven to launch on this new computer . I could have done that with the old version of Riven . The movies played really choppy under compatibility mode . So what is the point of this 10th Anniversary DVD edition ?
 Advertising says compatible with MAC systemt X. NOT SO . You get the package and it says that only Myst III is compatible . Additionally , installation seems to be impossible for Myst III making it useless also .
 Before purchasing this product , do a quick web search on Riven to read about all the compatibility problems that people have had with this game . I followed the recommendations on the Ubisoft web page including
 Beware ! Although Myst works on Vista -LRB- actually , it froze a couple of times , -RRB- Riven is a disaster . You can not play Riven for more than 30 seconds without it freezing . So far , I have not been able to find a patch or other solution .
 Played this game years ago and thought it was a lot of fun . I was really excited to see it at such a reasonable price on Amazon . I was disappointed as soon as I tried to play it however . It freezes up barely into the game . I just ca n't play it at all . Not worth the 15 dollars . If you have windows xp , I would n't bother with this game .
 This MYST DVD edition should be pulled from the market . The first game , the original MYST crashes 100 % of the time it is played within 15 minutes of beginning the game . I have attempted to run it on a variety of PC 's , from Pentium III , IV to Celeron and Pentium M chips . With a variety of high end and low end graphics cards including ATI , Nvidia and Intel embedded chipsets , from 32M to 128M of graphics memory . With and without `` compatibility '' settings for the executable ; with and without various levels of video and audio acceleration . I tried it on HP , Dell , Micron and Compaq branded PC 's and laptops . I have tried it various versions of Quicktime and DirectX , including the version provided on the DVD . For such a simple game -LRB- in terms of the graphics technology
 I purchased this set today ... because of the great reviews other had given all three games ... and it would run on XP ... but it does n't ! One wo n't run at all and another crashes every time I play . The third game did seem to be ok , but what wa the point after not being able to play the first two . Just be prepared to restart many times if you are playing with an XP system .
 I bought this set because I remembered how great the original Myst was ... Big Mistake . Installation went fine , but the actual gameplay is horrendous . I am using a computer with resolution capabilities of up to 1600 X 1200 , and at this setting , the game window is a box that can be covered up with my thumb . Ubi Soft made no effort to warn anyone of this , or provide a way of changing the resolution . Boo . Two Thumbs Down . This is a great game in theory , but in practicality , it is very poorly done . I consider this purchase a waste of twenty dollars . Consider these points , and research the game before you decide you truly want it .
 Well , since myst is only available in bundels with other games and with a whole lot of modifiactions , i want you to pretend that this the product I 'm reveiwing is Myst . Well , now to talk about Myst . This game is hard , man ! I 've almost beatten Uru
 i bought this under false pretenses . i thought it would come in better condition and i ended up not even being able to use it because of my system in my computer .
 I was looking forward to playing these games again . They are advertised as XP compatable . Yes , they are XP compatable . They just do n't work without problems . Too many problems . MYST opened OK but gave me sound and a little screen . My son drug something into the file and made it work . RIVEN worked OK then froze my computer over and over again . I can play 10-15 minutes at most.I tried fixes list by other reviewers . Compatablity settings -LRB- 98/ME -RRB- changed it from freezing to not working at all . Thinking back , these games did n't work right when I played them the first time . I 'm hoping EXILE does better . I 'm retired and have plenty of time on my hands but not to waste trying to get a computer game to work . Do n't waste your time or your money . Dreamcatcher makes fun games with good graphics and unlike CYAN , they work without problems . Try The Light Bringer , Riddle of the Sphinx I & II . These games were fun , with great scenery , good puzzles and best of all , they worked right out of the box . You probibly knew that .
 Myst seems to install okay , but then there is sound and no video . The screen is black . Wandering through the Ubi support pages did not yield a solution , although we tried many of their suggestions . We tried this game on two PCs -LRB- one desktop and one laptop -RRB- running XP and got the identical results . On a third PC we got error messages.Then we tried Riven and the game would n't even launch.Finally , we tried Exile , and my daughter is playing it right now . For the $ 30 we spend on the anniversary set , it 's probably even cheaper than if we just bought Exile for the PC . Go figure .
 I would n't know if the game is any good , it wo n't play on my DVD drive . I place it in the drive but it keeps trying to read my CD drive DUH -LRB- it 's in DVD format NOT CD format -RRB- ! UBI got the genius idea to block DVD burners and as a result I ca n't play it . And guess what ?? I 'm out $ 40 . Thanks a lot UBI . I will never buy from them again .
 I do n't know how fun this game is or how I rate it because I CA N'T load it on my Mac ! It 's Mac compatible but the list of instructions to download it onto my machine is so long and complicated -LRB- and incomplete -RRB- that I ca n't play it . Very sad !
 I bought Myst Anniversary Edition for my son , who loves puzzles . Unfortunately , all I get is a black screen with a hand and no option but to kill the window . As it turns out , you have to downgrade Quicktime to an old version to make it work . If you do , you ca n't run Itunes.Don ' t buy the game . Sorry , there will be other games , this one 's a ripoff .
 This game does not work on Vista . Do n't listen to those who say otherwise . Do not purchase if you run Vista .
 This game does not run on Mac OSX on an intel macbook or on a PPC iBook , or on Windows XP on an HP desktop . What does it run on ? I tried almost every combination I could find and it would n't run on anything .
 OK , I 've heard alot of supposed fixes for this and have tried them all ; this has led me to discover that the game has alot of compatability issues . Myst 1 and Riven will not run on some systems , but will on others . It 's not a `` compatability view '' issue ; in fact , I was able to get it to run on a brand new , quad core , system w/XP SP 3 installed along with the latest version of Quicktime and DirectX ; no tinkering necessary . On one of my systems at home -LRB- also a quad core w / an AMD chipset -RRB- they would not run , I would get a black screen and sound or maybe a little intro video would play , but nothing else . I tried launching the version of Quicktime that came with the games and it crashes immediatley ; so I think it 's probably a compatability issue with a video driver and not with XP . Despite the issues with the first 2 disks , Myst 3 installs and runs without error . I can install Myst 1 and Riven on some of my other PC 's , it 's just a little inconvenient to sit in my kids room and play on their computer or to run it on my laptop .
 Be warned if you think the games have actually been altered/rewritten to work with XP . Not at all -- they just rely on `` compatibility mode '' in XP . Also note that it says 98/XP . Not 2000 . From the Ubisoft website : `` Unfortunately , Windows NT and Windows 2000 are not supported Operating Systems for most Ubi Soft games . `` And : `` We are looking into supporting all newer versions of Windows as they become available . At this time we do not have plans to change our older titles to make them Windows 2000 compatible for the reasons above . We realize this may be a problem for some users . If you have Windows 2000 on your machine , your best course of action may be to return the game to the place of purchase . `` To be honest , Myst and Myst III : Exile worked okay for me in Win2k , but it took some serious hoop-jumping to get Riven to run properly .
 Will not run on my computer ; have a new top of the line Dell XPS chassis , and everything else works fine . Myst locks up computer every time I try to run it , have to Ctl-Alt-Del to force the machine to shut down in order to unlock it , always in the middle of a game . Very frustrating !! Threw the CD away .
 I had the PC reformatted , and the game still froze my machine . I had to reformay two times . Windows XP w SErvice Pack II
 The Myst series are such beautiful games and I was so excited that they were released on DVD specifically for XP . The excitement lasted about 15 minutes into my first playing ... Despite the fact that it is supposed to be made for XP , I am still experiencing a LOT of trouble running it . In several different places in Myst , it crashes to desktop -- bad thing when those places are pertinent to solving!As of this date , 16 May 2004 , there is STILL no patch availble , or any signs that UbiSoft is working on the problem .
 Like most of the other reviews , I also had issues with these games . I surprisingly ran Myst -LRB- the first game -RRB- totally fine with Vista Home Premium on my Dell Inspiron 1501 , and Riven -LRB- the second game -RRB- kind of worked . It installed and played the game , but froze up constantly . I got to a point where it corrupted a save , and I gave up on it . Online forums contained many pages of issues with many different computer setups and troubleshooting , so clearly these games have issues . I should have read these reviews BEFORE I purchased this set , but oh well , maybe next time.The short and skinny
 I purchased this product thinking that I could run the entire 3 CD set on my Mac OS 10 operating system . Unfortunately I had to buy it to find out that only Myst III -LRB- Exile -RRB- works w/OS 10 . The other two CDs -LRB- Myst I - Masterpiece Edition & Myst II - Riven -RRB- , will only work w/OS 9 . I do n't have OS 9 on my computer and it 's no longer available.The description section for Myst 10th Anniversary DVD Edition is definitely lacking crucial information . It needs to say that it will work with Mac , but only if you have OS 9 AND OS 10 installed on your computer . This way no one else will waste their money .
 MYST is a wonderful game , and I was so looking forward to playing it again after many years , and experiencing II and III for the first time on a brand new ibook , but the claim of being compatible with Mac os X is patently false , in fact on new ibooks , this entire package , even III is useless . Do not bother .
 So I read other reviews saying they had trouble getting this to work on their Mac , but the dang box says that it 's for Mac ! I figured that it must be a user error . Not the case . This will not work on your Mac if you have a recent version of the operating system . It 's really sad that a game that was made on the Mac and would look beautiful on a Macbook Pro is incompatible . Hey Amazon ! Change the description of this product ! It 's extremely frustrating .
 The first two titles would install , but would NOT run on either of our current XPSP3 Pro systems . I 'm an MCP , I know XP -LRB- and DX -RRB- backward and forward -- and I code mini-apps in my spare time ... so it 's not like I do n't understand compat mode , DX issues , or graphics issues.That said , from previous experience , the titles are great -- but this bundle disappoints in the extreme !
 As much as I liked Myst from back in the day , this newer version has compatibility issues with Quicktime 7 and Win XP . In short , if you are running iTunes 8 and with QT 7 + -LRB- you must to have iTunes 8 -RRB- . It is unlikely that this DVD will work for you ... Unless you downgrade QT 7 to QT 6 . then the game works . BUT iTunes 8 will fail to open -LRB- errors on launch -RRB- . So it boils down to what is more important iTunes or Myst . I could not any patches on the publisher 's websites as of this writing , furthermore this is a known bug . : -LRB- FYI : dual core intel chip2 gigs of ramwin xp sp3iTunes 8 w / QT 7off ' 03embedded video
 The Riven DVD crashes at specific points in the game with no way to get past these points at all . I reported the issue to Ubisoft and they said that it 's a known issue and they 're working on a patch . They closed my support ticket thanking me for being understanding . I 'm not understanding . Who knows when I 'll actually be able to play . I 'm really disappointed that I spent my money on this .
 All I can say is if you do n't have an older computer that will run graphics at 640x420 DO N'T buy this set because you will NOT be able to play it at all .
 I looked forward to playing Myst and the sequels on my XP pro PC when I found this version on Amazon . It is advertised as `` fully XP compatible '' . But alas , the intro will run , then I get a black screen with sound and a hand shaped cursor . I have tried the comparability wizard , setting quicktime to safe mode as suggested in the MYST forums . But it still will not play . I noticed that the latest posts on fixes for this problem are at least 2 years old , and this product is still being sold as XP compatible . For shame ! . If UBISOFT can include interviews on the disc , how about including software patches , or links , or instructions on how to run on XP . These problems have been known for years . Unfortunately , I did not find that out until after I purchased the product . To me `` Fully XP Compatible '' should not require patches , fixes , work abounds , forum searches for solutions in order to get it to work on the operating system it is supposed to be compatible with .
 I played Myst many years ago and was looking forward to replaying it again . However , I was disappointed as I was unable to play the game . I am running Windows XP for which the game was to have been reworked so as to play in Windows XP . That was not the case . I managed to get the intro to play but then the screen went blank and the only thing I was able to get was the sound . As a result I had to return the game . The Myst series was really great , which only added to my disappointment in not being able to play the game .
 **** UPDATE ***** I have had these pads for a couple months now and the up arrow no longer functions.The DDR Game only offers a 30 day warranty so I am S.O.L. . If I would of known these pads would die after only a few months I would have never purchased them.I do not recommend these pads to anyone and I recommend you look elsewhere for DDR Pads.STAY AWAY FROM DDR GAME PRODUCTS !
 cant say to much but when it did work the pad is great sensitive enough for me -LRB- playing some 11 's -RRB- yet the ack arrow just died out after about a week or so very sad to have to write this as im a huge itg fan and am depressed to have to be sending it back already
 PS2 USB Energy Metal Arcade 3 in 1 Dance Pad with Handle BarsThis pad is terrible . It has very low sensitivity and a lot of lag time when hooked up to a pc . If you want a decent pad go with a Cobalt Flux or a Blueshark if you can get one .
 My husband gave me this game because I cater and thought I would find it fun . This game has a bunch of glitches . I 've played many games in the past , Sims , etc. , but this one loses saved games again and again . You can spend forty hours building your restaurant , save it , go back to it , save it again and the game acts as though it never existed . Then , the company 's website is not yet up , so I ca n't even write them ! This game is crap . Stay far , far , away !
 I bought this game from Iwin.com . The graphics were good . But it got really boring really fast plus it started freezing . If you have XP it wo n't work that good .
 THIS GAME WOULD NOT INSTALL ON MY COMPUTER AND TECH SUPPORT STATED THEY 'VE RECEIVED NUMEROUS COMPLAINTS AND ARE UNWILLING TO REFUND . MY COMPUTER IS BRAND NEW AND MATCHED THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS AND I SPENT HOURS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT WAS WRONG AND IT TURNS OUT THAT THE GAME HAS SOME COMPATABILITY ERRORS . SO I SPENT $ 30 AND CAN NOT RETURN OR PLAY THE GAME .
 I was so excited when i got this game b.c. i own every other tycoon game that exists . Although I have a pretty new computer with tons of space and great audio . . I did not have the required video card that is needed for this game to work : -LRB- I ended up installing this game in a neighbors house just to try it out . The gameplay was quick and all , but the game got quite old after a while . There are not a ton of furniture and menu choices . Also , you can not customize your own entrees -- you have to pick from selected choices ; rather than buying this game , I would recommend Fast Food Tycoon -LRB- the first version , not the second ! -RRB-
 I downloaded the demo for this game and was hooked ! Some of the best graphics I 've ever seen for a game . I could n't wait to go out and buy it . I got the game home and could not install it . I checked all the system requirements . It took some time for Tech Support to call me . After about a week , I found out the copy protection program is not compatiable with my computer . Since that time , I 've found that MANY other people are having the same problems and our only options are to mail the game to the company in HONG KONG to receive the disk that will work as the stores will not refund our money for an opened game . The game itself is GREAT and one of the best simulation games I 've seen ... however , it 's got some serious bugs . It may or may not work on your computer . You 'll just have to take a chance !
 After playing Resturant Empire I found it to be confusing and a bit of a let down . Form the box itself it looks amazing . However , after playing it was anything but that . The graphics are ok but not spectacular , and i have to say the game is a little boring . after setting up your menu you just sit there and watch people eat . all and all i would not rank this game very highly .
 I got this game as I love the tycoon games like zoo tycoon , roller coaster tycoon , etc. also diner dash and that type . It loaded quickly but even after watching the tutorial I couldnt figure out how to play it.I got to the first place you added stuff to the restaurant wall , and was stuck . I seen no way to figure it out , so I ended up unloading it . The graphics were okay . They werent cartoonlike they were more realistic and you could watch the restaurant from different angles and inside and outside . Supposedly you can build other restaurants but since I couldnt get past the first one , I guess I never will . Definitely would not recommend it for kids .
 I was never able to install this software . I have a new computer , running WinXP . I contacted their tech support and went to their online message boards . No one was able to help me install this software . What a waste of money !!!
 Granted , I did n't find many people with the same issues , and now that I have a new video card I might not have the same problems . But when I first bought this game , I had a great deal of trouble installing the game . Normally this would not deter me , as I 've experienced this problem before . However ... Once installed , this game would start what can only be described as a screen flutter . The screen would flutter throughout the gameplay , and there was nothing I could do to stop it . This would continue to the point that certain parts of the screen would not show any text at all , and would run very very slow -LRB- if at all -RRB- . Numerous requests for tech support with the manufacturer of the game came to nothing , as they claimed to never have heard of the problem before.I 'm sure this is a great game , but after having to fight with screen flutters , I gave up . Perhaps when I 'm finished with Sims2 , I 'll try this one again .
 Being a huge fan of the tycoon game genre , I was thrilled when I saw a game that was n't another theme park sim ! The concept behind Restaurant Empire is somewhat original but I 'm inclined to throw this one into the category of low-budget software titles just the same.The graphics are n't as sharp as Roller Coaster Tycoon , Zoo Tycoon , or The Sims but I ca n't say that I have n't seen worse . It was a facet of the game that I could overlook if only the rest of the game made up for it.When you get down to it , the game replay value just is n't there for me . While the first few scenarios were interesting , after a couple of hours , it just got pretty boring . Here I thought I would be in control of so much more than what I actually got from the game and whether or not you play with scenarios or in sandbox mode , it all looks the same after a while .
 I played this game and the graphics are n't very good . It froze a lot too .
 It looks like it was made for an older people , however older people usualy do n't play these kinds of games . I think it should be designed for teens or kids because those are the people who will buy this game .
 Received the dance pad very fast . Unfortuneately it was defective . The seller reshipped the same pad after checking it . It was still defective . Was shipped a refurbished pad -LRB- someone else 's damaged or defective pad after some work -RRB- . It worked at first . Then the left and right arrow/steps no longer were working correctly . The seller took the dance pad back but still charged me a 25 % restocking fee for defective merchandise .
 This outdated game features rudimentary graphics and a cumbersome interface . It does not work well at all on the Windows 7 OS . I had to pay a total of $ 17.38 in postage and a return fee to send it back . The dealer -LRB- Best Games Deals -RRB- claimed that most games made for Windows 98 or Windows XP will not work on Windows 7 . I know this to be false because Rise of Nations , Age of Empires III , Railroad Tycoon 3 and Children of The Nile , all released before Win7 , work fine on the newer OS .
 I bought this game based on cutomer reviews now I 'm sorry I did.It might be great on WIN 98 but on WIN XP it AI N'T so great!Music plays a tune or two then stops . When you try to select a music file it hangs the computer.Difficulty in changing tilesests . Changing backgrounds a breeze.Too many penalties for honest game players.No ` undo ' option.In general , POOR performance .
 Now I know why it was so cheap . It IS NOT compatible with my PSP 3000 even though the box said it was . I could n't dock the unit in it because the peg that plugs into the headset port does not line up . Do n't waste your money !
 The day I recieved this product Amazon Cut the price in half.For a number of good reasons . The PSP slim fits so tight that when you try to open the case it is impossible to keep from getting finger prints on the screen . Not only that it turns the PSP on when the right side hits the on switch . I 'm using it for a storage case for cables . I would not recommend this to even someone I did n't like .
 Once again , I find myself lamenting that Amazon 's five star rating system does n't offer a ` zero stars ' option.The Logic 3 unit is okay as a dock to recharge your PSP - not great , however , as the connector for the charger sits slightly lower than the connecter for the speakers so you have to wiggle the PSP to get it to connect to the charger . Also , the speakers do n't work . They emit a crackling sound when the PSP is set into the dock and do n't register sound above a whisper.Don ' t waste your money on this thing . Either get a cheaper dock with no speakers or splurge on one of the more expensive ones with decent speakers and a remote control .
 bought two of them hoping to get all our PSP games and movies in . Well it comes with 4 plastic sleeves that each holds 4 games per sleeve . Problem is if you use all the sleeves and put PSP Games/movies in them . then the case WILL NOT close . So still looking for a great case for them .
 I expected this cable would be the standard 9 ft length . That might not be a problem for some , but it is for me . Cheap quality construction just adds to my disappointment .
 I purchased this cable because the hdtv/tv selector switch on my original cable failed . I had to tear the old cable apart and rig the selector switch . Once i did that the original cable worked perfectly , but i figured i should get a new one on the way.I ordered this type instead if the microsoft cable because it was cheaper and looks like a better cable . This is one of those times that looks can be decieving.With this cable i get ghosting and color glitches that are not there with the microsoft cable.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM . BUY THE MICROSOFT CABLE , IT WORKS , THIS ONE DOES N'T .
 This cable seemed like a good choice , but I , like several others who bought the cable , get weird lines and ghost images over half of the screen . Sometimes even the picture would not show if the wire was not bent the right way so I had to reinforce it with plastic covering . This helped a little bit but eventually the wire just stopped working altogether and I could n't get it to work no matter how much I manipulated it . Very disappointed . Will try out Microsoft 's version to see if it works better .
 DO NOT GET THESE CABLES UNLESS YOU WANT TO FLUSH $ 20 RIGHT DOWN THE POOPER ! Seriously , I bought these and they did n't work at all . They plugged in and stuff but it ruined the picture by taking away the colors . HORRIBLE . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Spy Hunter * Like the Peter Gun music . That 's about it really . Does n't really hold water `` Spy Hunter '' , a port of the 1983 arcade game , is one of those early arcade titles that simply does n't hold up that well today . The game features high octace driving , where you battle various types of vehicles while trying to stay on the road and survive . Moving fans vans give you the option to get either oil and smoke , which enables your vehicle to spray either item causing people behind you to crash . Smoke has a better range though more finite while but oil lasts longer and is the better choice . If you last long enough you 'll battle a helicopter that drops bombs and also you there is a boating section as well.The game famously features the Peter Gun theme as its music . For years growing up , I always thought the Peter Gun theme was exclusive to `` Spy Hunter '' , not realising it was music from an actual television show . Originally the developers wanted to use the James Bond theme but Midway could n't get the licensing rights to do so , which led them to using the Peter Gun theme written Henry Mancini -LRB- who also wrote the Audrey Hepburn classic `` Moon River '' , a la `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' -RRB- . Another game I had growing up , `` Spy Hunter '' features a spy who must travel down the freeway , fighting off helicopters and other hostile vehicles , all the while protecting civilians . The car is G-6155 . IGN thinks the G-6155 is as cool as Sophia from `` Blaster Master '' . What are they thinking?Anyway , in the NES version you can actually drive on the grass and water with the car . Eventually the game loops after a few different segments , and also features a boat sequence where you go off into a boathouse and cruise the river . One of my favorite things to do when playing the game was to actually get in front of the motocycles and stop , letting them ruin run into me , thereby ruining their lives and the bikes . Darn the bikers!There really is n't much to the game , and you 'll see everything the game has to offer in five or ten minutes . There is no ending , just looping.Overall , `` Spy Hunter '' is largely just an arcade title that does n't really hold up to extended game play , such as other classic NES titles . While this type of game was acceptable in the arcade back in the early 1980s , it made for pretty hollow home console gaming . Pretty much a waste of 50 bucks back then . The Commadore 64 version is actually worst than the NES version.The BEST NES games will keep you coming back for more . After playing this once or twice , there 's no real reason to keep playing . There is a superior sequel for the NES called `` Super Spy Hunter '' and the franchise has moved onto more recent titles and consoles as well . Unless you have some nostalagic reason for going back or you want to hear the Peter Gun theme as played by NES hardware , I would n't bother with this one.The video game website IGN rated this title as the 73th greatest game on their top 100 NES games of all time . -LRB- For those looking for great unknown NES/Famicom games , you simply MUST play `` Moon Crystal '' , a criminally unknown Famicom exclusive . The graphics are astounding with cutscenes that even outdo `` Ninja Gaiden '' , amazing music , in depth gameplay , and a fantastic storyline . Absolutely amazing ! Had this been released in the US for the NES , I feel it would be as revered as the other heavy hitters in the NES canon -RRB-
 Do n't buy this game . It is a dated edition which will not load onto your computer . The seller knows this , suggesting that `` you contact Atari '' for assistance . Disappointing ... a bad investment of your time and money .
 Warning to any that wish to use this , it can only be used on Windows XP programs . Do n't waste your money if you do n't have any Windows XP computers . Also , most WI-fi Nintendo products do n't require this any more , so it 's really not worth it .
 The story behind this game is that you are a young female magician trying to make your mark on the world and you go on a quest to collect five stones -LRB- black , red , white , blue , green -RRB- to put on this disk . And to do so , you must go around and fight many wizards from every region -LRB- the swamps , islands , mountains , forests , and plains -RRB- . Gaining new magical spells along the way while freeing prisoners of magical spells after you defeat them -LRB- the bosses of each land is under a curse and is cured when you defeat them in a Magical battle -RRB- . Sounds like a good story with fun goals , half of what you say is true.I 've been a fan of Magic the Gathering the card game for about five years and I was naturally excited to discover that X-Box was releasing the game `` Magic the Gathering
 I bought this RCT3 soaked because my son loves RCT3 so much . As soon as I installed it , it crashed both the Soaked and the original RCT3 . Neither would work again . I was getting ` bad version 4 ' error and asking me to install a disk I already had installed . There is NO customer support for Atari games ! No one answers their phone and no one responds to my e-mails . It is trash .
 This game would be cool ... if it ran . i got the game and was all happy loaded it and the thing wouldnt run . i called tech support and the person told me to download a new driver for our graphic card . i did this and installed it on our computer . when this didnt work we tried to uninstall rctycoon 3 soaked and instead it uninstalled rctycoon 3 and i still have the soaked thing that doesnt work on my computer . so DONT GET THIS GAME UNLESS U WANT TO SPEND COUNTLESS HOURS WITH THE VERY BAD TECH SUPPORT . now i am rctycoonless and i have 30 dollars less in mmy wallet
 I was not happy when I received this product because you can not play it alone . You have to buy another software to play it .
 Ditto of the above . We are out $ 30 too . I am actually in Amazon.com to repurchase our RCT 3 when `` Soaked '' ruined everything . I will never put `` Soaked '' in our computer again . I truly feel soaked
 I bought 3 and soaked ... . and what a waste ... I have every RC tycoon and all the expansions.Im uninstalling 3 & soaked and going back to 2 .
 okay it is bad and very poorley done . i got bored after playing it for 2 days . at least its better than the 1st one and the 2nd one . he ... he -LRB- emabbarssed and shamed of buying this game -RRB- * sob * why did i get it ???? * sob *
 I really enjoyed R.T. 3 but this expansion pack is very hard to master and has a few bugs of its own . It takes forever to actually make a water fall work and is very frustrating.You have the ability to build rides through terrain now but this to is virtually impossible to accomplish . And often the rides wo n't function . I receive constant pop-ups saying the ride stations are not long enough for the ride cars , even though you can see the cars sitting in the station . Terrain is a major problem as que lines no longer line up with the ground , forcing you to spend alot of time trying to adjust the surrounding land to the proper height.This expansion pack , if anything , is very frustrating , much more so than the original problems with RT3.In the first 2 version of this game it was very easy to build through mountains and underground , those days are long gone here . Unless you have hours to spend mastering this new stuff , you may want to think twice before you add this pack .
 I could n't get the game to install.It would say disk not found and Bad version 4 . It may be because the Roller coaster 3 game I was adding to is a Scholastic version.The only way I could uninstall the soaked add-onwas to use the Restorefunction on my computer Then uninstall the RCT 3 . Other wise you 'll have no working game at all.Buy the Roller Coaster tycoon 3 Gold instead.You get a matched set R.C.T. 3 and Soaked all on one disk.It was a little more money but at least it worked .
 I purchased this expansion pack from a book order and I was so exited . After I started playing with the features , I installed the patch which fixed only a few things . Then , I did n't play the RCT3 because Soaked ! was on it . Now I finally got rid of that terrible game . That took some work too-not just any work more like TONS of work . I was exiting for the first few hours but then I wished I had n't installed it . If you 're a person like me-who ca n't take game errors , DO NOT buy this game . I think Atari needs to clean up there future games .
 Like many others , I found that `` Soaked '' is impossible to install if you had previously installed the demo version of RCT3 . I 'm an expert user , but I can find no way , including editing the registry , using the RCT3 uninstaller , etc. etc.to get the installer to recognize Soaked ... . And as others have pointed out , there is no user support available . More likely than not , you will get a ` wrong version 4 ' error too . and you 'll end up returning the software or just dumping it.Don ' t waste your money ... . what poorly written garbage !
 Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Soaked adds a new security to check so that the original RCT3 disk is required to play.However after installing and inserting the original RCT3 disk I always got an error message that the wrong disk was installed onmultiple computers . Overall it was a frustrating and disappointing experience .
 I thought Civ 2 was slow to play when you got up in the advanced stages but this takes the cake . It 's also very bloated on my hard drive . The interface and the game play is cumbersome and missing a lot of * autopilot * features that would help things a lot -LRB- if there is a city governor , you would n't know it by looking -RRB- Nice units and maps but the tech logic seems spurious . Wait for this game to hit the Sales Bin of your local walmart -LRB- or here if the animal exists ;--RRB- -RRB- and do n't pay full price .
 Sounded like a great LINUX program - but loading/installing instructions poor . Once I got it installed , than setup it crashed back to desktop was soon I I clicked play . Since it was a gift - a real downer ! When I went on Internet for hints , found many had the same problem - crash to Desktop when attempted to play . All the websites with patches were down.Civilization
 If your looking for CivIII then this is n't it . Completely different feel to the game , such that even as an MAJOR fan of CivII , I have not liked this at all . Game play seems slower.On the good side the game adds new units with new powers , new givernments etc. .
 OK , I was a huge fan of Civ II , which was why I purchased this one in the first place . So I naturally assumed this would be a newer , better version ; and that 's where I made my mistake.At first glance , it looks a lot like Civ II , only with different improvements , different Wonders of the World , and most importantly , a longer time-frame into the future , where you can even experiment with futuristic weaponry . So far , so good.But upon playing it I was sorely disappointed . The new improvements quickly lost their appeal , especially this weird corporate one with a little guy sitting at a desk who just moves around randomly . What exactly is he supposed to be ?!! But what really turned me off was when I attempted to check out the military aspect . I could n't understand their system of combat . Everytime I attacked with a unit , it 's like my single unit was attacking their entire defense ! Finally , in desperation , I clicked on the CHEAT mode so I could attack a seemingly invincible group of old medieval cannons with a space-age , futuristic , high-intensity weapons-system of some sort -- but I STILL got beat ! At that point , I turned it off in disgust , later giving it away to some guy I know -LRB- who also did n't like it , as he later told me . -RRB- I 'm sticking with Civ II .
 I was kind of stunned when I first started playing the game . Everything looked dull and flat . FEAR and GRAW look 10X better and a lot smoother.I was getting very low framerates with my 8800GTX , Intel Core 2 Duo at 3.2 Ghz and 2 Gb of RAM.Graphics are nasty along with performance . Poor coding I guess .
 A reviewer pointed out that this game was designed for console gaming and does not meet the usual complexity of games intended for the PC . I fully agree with that . Different than the older R6 games such as Rogue Spear , etc , you do n't plan out your course anymore . You basically just shoot your way through , even stealth mean little in this game . The addition of the cover system completely defeats the need for stealth . You can run into a bunch of enemy , back up behind cover safely and just peek and shoot . The Halo like health system also made the game much easier . No longer will you be gimped for the rest of the level if you take a few hits . And you can take a lot more hits and recover fully again . So this completely destroys the R6 feel . And why not , R6 Vegas was not even created by the same people that did the previous R6 series.So as said above , compared to previous R6 games , Vegas has completely lost the element of stealth , strategy , and difficulty . This does not mean it has more action , no . The game plays at an amazingly slow pace . For one you can not even sprint or prone . You can walk , run or crouch you way through the game . Throwing away what made R6 series awesome , the new developers decided to retain one lame thing about R6 and made it 10 times worse . While the health system makes it so you can fully recover from anything , you still ca n't be out cover for long . That does not mean stealth is important . The enemies can know you are there , and most time they will just shoot at your direction . And here 's when that annoying thing come in - if you go out of cover for too long , say , 3 seconds , you are gon na get killed - that 's the only thing that feels like an R6 game ... What this means is that you have to be behind cover constantly , at every turn and every corner , you will want to use the Cover action to stick your back against a wall or a crate or something . This makes the already slow-paced gameplay even slower . It pins players down to the same routine over and over
 Well , i never really got to play the game on my computer because my computer has Windows Vista , and the game requires it not to have Windows Vista . And it also required other stuff that i had to buy in order to play the game . But my friend has it and and i was o.k. But , if you really like violence a lot , the this is a game to purchase .
 This is the only time I have ever felt screwed over by Amazon . They provide NO info on system requirements for the game . After trying to run it on numerous machines unsuccessfully , I now have a system powerful enough to run it and I can not get activation codes from Ubisoft , the publisher . Their site which is supposed to resolve these issues does not load at all . If I had known exactly how demanding this game was with hardware I would have waited to buy it . Now I have it and a PC that will run it and the game refuses to load , and the company 's support is worthless .
 Here are the specs you NEED to know.If you do n't have EVERY spec up to date , THE GAME WILL NOT RUN!P4 3.0 GHz processor1GB RAM128MB DX9 .0 c video card -LRB- 256 reccommended -RRB- -LRB- nothing prior to ATI X1600 series or GeForce 6600GT -RRB- Sound card with DX9 .0 c with Dolby Digital LiveHD space 7GB ! I 'll say it again . If you do n't even have the minimum requirements , the game WILL NOT EVEN START.UBI soft is not being helpful on the support page . From what people have told me , even with the minimum requirements , they have not liked the game due to `` no save '' feature , the story mode and lack of real difference in weapons . -LRB- this is from word of mouth , not my own review -RRB- They said nothing about any commercial issues but I will ask.Someday , I will buy a better gaming rig and will be able to play it . Someday . I can play Oblivion and Dark messiah witth very little lag . I do n't see why this should be so much more advanced .
 Please note that this game will not run unless you have a top of the line video card . It would not work with a Nvidia GeForce 6200 card .
 If you are a fan of the Ravenshield/Athena Sword era of Rainbow Six , you were no doubt as traumatized as I by the ` Lockdown ' fiasco . Unfortunately , this rendition of Rainbow Six does n't fair much better . Yes , the graphics are much better , and yes , the AI is too . However , that 's about the only things in the plus column for this blatant and shameless grab at PC gamers ' wallets by Ubisoft . It 's just a bland , canned port from a console game.This game ` misses ' with things like a reduced arsenal -LRB- there were significantly more guns in Ravenshield -RRB- , painfully scripted events , an EXTREMELY shallow difficulty range -LRB- you can only choose from ` Normal ' and ` Realistic ' , and even on Realistic you can recover from near life-ending injuries in about 30 seconds -RRB- . The gun specs are also , well , cheezy . There 's very little to differentiate them from one-another , and they do not have any technical info listed like you might expect to see in a ` serious ' modern combat game -LRB- i.e. muzzle velocities , weapon history , etc. -RRB- Due to the lack of a real spectrum of difficulty settings , if you play this game solo you will spend 70 % of your time replaying parts of the game you 've already played because you 'll frequently get killed by a head shot right before a checkpoint ... and then have to replay the past 10 minutes of the game over , and over , and over again . The game chooses when it saves , and you get no input on the matter . There is n't even a quicksave , so plan on replaying the same stuff . This type of ` save feature ' was barely tolerated in gaming 10 years ago . Why Ubi thought that this would be acceptable in a modern game is absolutely beyond comprehension.To add insult to injury , the duck-and-cover concept of hiding behind walls and spraying fire at your enemy does n't get it done . It 's a great concept , but if you try to apply it you frequently get disoriented as Vegan mentioned . The AI is good enough to capitalize on your player 's temporary paralysis when this happens and they kill you . You get used to the awkward mechanics of this feature over time , but it never is as intuitive as Ubi would have you believe.The one thing that Ubi can pull from this burning wreckage is the enemy AI . It 's actually very good . Enemies attempt flanking maneuvers , and they can be suppressed very realistically with suppression-type weapons while you send your team -LRB- other players or AI teammates -RRB- around to flank.If we 're lucky , Ubi will return to the winning Ravenshield/Athena Sword formula , incorporate this game 's improved AI , work the glaring kinks out of the duck-and-cover feature and , most importantly , grasp the notion that a player should be allowed to save when he or she wants to . Replaying the same painfully boring levels should never be a subsitute for poor game design ! Two stars .
 I know I 'm going to get flak for this review because the majority of the younger people do n't remember when Rainbow Six was a game developed by a now defunct game company called Redstorm Entertainment that was chaired by Tom Clancy himself . For those of you who do remember , I 'm sure you will understand my negative review.I remember back when the name Rainbow Six meant to get ready for an intense -LRB- sometimes frustrating -RRB- and realistic shooter where one shot to your chest or head and you 're dead , no revives , no health regeneration , no health packs , nothing . It also meant real tactics sometimes requiring more than one squad , good planning , and even better timing . What you get with Rainbow Six Vegas is a console style run-and-gun shooter where you 're more or less a one-man army with two guys following you around to give you the illusion of it being a squad shooter.Not only that , in the original R6 games , enemies are strategically placed where they are and pre-planning made a huge difference since the enemies sometimes had routines to allow you to precisely time movements and where to make entry . In R6 Vegas enemies are spawning here , there , and wherever just to rush at you to give you something to shoot at . Spawning in a R6 game ? Really ?? Realism aside , the game is an OK shooter if you 're sick of sci-fi shooters or WWII shooters , but that 's as far as it goes . The story is ridiculous , the sheer number of enemies and scale of the event is ridiculous for a 3-man Rainbow Six team to be deployed for . This is more a job for the Nevada Army National Guard and maybe a few platoons of active duty Army just for good measure . This is n't anything a 3-man group can handle by themselves . And the whole `` twist '' at the end was simply bad Hollywood script-writing . Not to mention sound bugs on the PC version as the cherry on top , I say if you want a RAINBOW SIX game , as in a realistic first-person-shooter , dust off that Rogue Spear and see if it 'll run with today 's video cards , or throw in Operation Flashpoint if you do n't mind larger scale and mostly all outdoors . But do n't buy this thinking you will get what you think you will get from a Rainbow Six branded title.But if you 're an Xbox player who loves Halo and think their sniper handgun is cool and want a shooter on your PC , you should pick this up , better yet , just get it for your Xbox , wo n't have the sound bugs that way ...
 If you 're looking for a realistic highly technical tactical shooter , keep walking . This plays ok as a 21st century Doom with paramilitary skin , but as a Rainbow Six game it just does n't even qualify . All these media `` reviewers '' that loved the game so much apparently ca n't differentiate the two.What this game gets right : - Better AI than Raven Shield - That is allWhat this game gets wrong : - Regenerating WHAT ? You can eat way too many bullets and still live through this game . - Single player Terrorist Hunt mode is just that . SINGLE PLAYER . No option for AI backup . Good thing you have that regenerating health , because these tangos come from both sides , and you do n't have anyone to cover your back . Good luck , space marine . - The much vaunted 3rd person corner-looking/spraying deal is hopelessly disorienting . See that guy coming around the corner ? He 's going to kill you while you 're trying to realign your aim when you get back to 1st person view . - Mission plan ? What mission plan ? - The arsenal is paltry with weapons specs simplified so as not to confuse your infant daughter . I ca n't believe Tom Clancy let Red Storm/Ubi put his name on this . At least he 's getting paid.In short , this game would be much better if they simply patched Raven Shield to accomodate the newer AI system . And after all the positive press this game got , I do n't see how we can expect the real Rainbow Six to come back ever . Sigh .
 Good graphics , lots of action , an ending that is impossible without a lot of luck or cheating . After trying to finish for the 25th time , I wiped the game from my hard drive . Will never play again . Games should be fun and a little hard , not hard to the point of pure luck . Some of the fights are totally un-realistic . In real life , they would be suicide .
 Unfortunately , I never received the correct item that I requested . Who ever the shipper was , they must not have been able to read -- since they sent the wrong item TWICE . I would rate both Amazon and the shipper in a very negative light . After the second incorrect mailing , Amazon said that they would just refund me . What a total waste of time . Hopefully they will not use the same company that `` filled '' my order .
 I am a fan of the Rainbow Six series , and this game falls way short . If you want this game , get the 360 version . Its a direct port from the 360 , but its very disappointing on the pc.Gameplay
 First . The lure of the Game Console market has completely corrupted yet another great series . This game is no longer filled with the detail and complexity that is common to PC Games , but it has been dummed down for the console crowd . You no longer plan your assualts , select your team , outfit your team as you see fit . It is now a Playstation shoot and scoot type game . Those here that gush over how great it is obviously do n't play PC games normally and I 'm willing to bet prefer to play console games.Second . 2142 was bad enough with it 's billboard ads in the game , but UBI soft has gone a step further . Now if you shoot the right bottle you get a full minute commercial . A COMMERCIAL IN THE GAME . According to the littature of their advertising department , it 's a `` TREAT '' . Yeah that 's what I want a tv commercial in my game . I say do n't buy this game . Send a message to all game manufacturers that we wont pay for commercials , and we wo n't buy console games that have been back programmed for the PC !
 Loved it until we bought the sequel . The fret buttons only work on the original game . Ouch !
 If you are quite a big player , this guitar might not be your best choice . The wammy bar broke after only a few plays . I opened the guitar up and realized that only a very small spring was holding the mechanism . No wonder it broke so easily ! Not a very reliable product .
 How can it not be compatible ? It should have pinouts for a PS2 controller . Apparently that 's the case because this product does n't work on GH2 . I guess I 'll have to buy GH1 and HOPE that this product works .
 This game worked great untill close to the end the game freezes and does not work !!! My whole xbox 360 does not do anything !!!
 3 friends and I decided that we wanted to play a 4-player game , and what better game to play than one based off the white wolf vampire series!It started off fun enough , but quickly got old , and here 's why -LRB- keep in mind this review is based off the 4-player mode -RRB- : - the camera can only zoom SO far out , making it impossible to be more than about 6 feet -LRB- in game -RRB- away from the other characters . There were numerous times when we would get stuck simply because 2 people wanted to go different places.-the bosses are ridiculously hard . Nothing fun about them ; you simply have to shoot and run , hit and run , and run and run enough times and maybe -LRB- after 20 minutes -RRB- you have n't lost enough lives to make you want to throw the controller at the screen.-repetitive gameplay . I was deemed one of the `` ranged '' heroes , and let me tell you , only having a 6 bullet clip -LRB- it takes at least 7 to kill the weakest zombie -RRB- and having to reload once every 3 seconds gets VERY tiresome . I would almost wet my pants with excitement when I 'd pick up a machine gun or mp5.-repetitive enemies . 1 . Zombie . 2 . Zombie with handgun . 3 . Zombie with shotgun . There
 it hooked up to my wii all fine and dandy but when i whent to play it , my sensor bar was not registering the remote , so this was a wast of money !
 The DS charger that comes with the DS is the best charger you 'll get . It 's compact and serves its purpose . You wo n't need this , it 's too bulky and does the job just as well as the included DS charger .
 Bought this for Nintendo DS , as we only had a UK power cord . The item despatched is only for DS Lite , so had to return it . An image on the item description may have helped !
 I have a 12 year old son who loves to play his DS . I bought this so he could play on long road trips . All the time when he uses it , it falls out . It is a waste of money . It is better to get one licensed by Nintendo .
 This plug did not work in our DS . I had purchased two for my kids and had to return them both . Worse is I gave them for Easter , and now have to pay restocking fee for them . One is not even opened . Better off buying name brand for certain items .
 OK , let me start by saying that I 'm a sucker for cover art . If it looks cool , I 'm all over it . So , I bought this game under the impression it might be kinda like the PS2 version . Not even close ! Let me start at the beginning ... 1 . Music
 I would actually rate this game at a 1/2 star , it is that bad . The graphics are horrible , the DS is capable of much better detail . It would be easier to tell you what is good about the game than to list every problem.Good : NOTHING!Bad : Sound , Graphics , Physics , Camera , Control , Music ... you get the idea.Avoid this game , even for $ 5.00
 I 'm a serious fan of DS9 , and I also write fiction about the show , so I had high hopes for a database containing all the scripts combined with a way to fully search the files for references to specific words -LRB- such as all the times the Orbs were mentioned -RRB- . Instead , I was extremely annoyed to find the word-search function only shows the FIRST use of a word in a script , and it even sometimes IGNORES uses of a word . For example , the word-search function could not find the word `` Maquis '' anywhere in the episode `` The Maquis , Part I '' ! Having all the scripts to read is nice -- and is the only reason I gave it two stars . But the scripts are bulky to access , and it 's all you really get . There are no encyclopedia entries , so I 'm baffled by the earlier review 's comparison to other Star Trek encyclopedae . The only videos that come with the companion are the `` coming attractions '' previews for each episode , which are useless for reference purposes . What really ticked me off is Simon and Schuster advertises the DS9 companion as `` fully searchable . '' When I complained , a Simon and Schuster tech-support rep told me I was using the program correctly , but apparently the advertising department 's definition of `` fully searchable '' was different than mine ! So buy this if you really want to read all the scripts on your computer . Otherwise , do n't waste your time .
 I bought this based upon its high review rating and its claim to be for children . It does have 8 games . However , it does not provide lessons at a truly beginner level . It 's first `` beginner '' lesson assumes you have already had practice with the `` asdfgjkl ; '' keys . Learning these 8 keys in the same single lesson is too much for your average 11 and under child . After having done some more research , it looks like `` Typing Pal Junior '' is a better program for beginning children . It teaches two keys at a time , starting with the `` fj '' keys . It also has dictation practice , in the form of stories you have to type as the computer dictates them to you . This provides the added benefit of spelling practice for your child . It only has two games , but the dictated stories make up for it.My children may eventually use Typing Tutor 10 , but only after they have worked with Typing Pal Junior for awhile .
 Beware
 I threw it in the trash . Could not get it to work on Mac Os X . What a waste of shipping $ !!!
 Midway has officially changed the title lineup on this collection , show your anger and write them a bad review !!!! THEY REMOVED STUN RUNNER , STEEL TALONS , and the original MORTAL COMBAT ... Once again , the only way to play STUN RUNNER at home LEGALLY , NO MAME , is to buy an Arcade JAMMA , or the only console version , which is pretty good , ATARI LYNX ...
 ... how the team at Midway felt comfortable releasing this compilation this way . It 's as though they did n't even play-test it . But since we all know they did , it suggests a cheap , quick-and-easy effort in an attempt to cash in on the tail end of the nostalgia boom.Lets get into this ... -LRB- As a side note , there is sound issues with almost all the games included . -RRB- The Mortal Kombat titles are easily the strongest selling point of the game . I know its the reason I bought it ! Both versions are very choppy with grizzled , pixelated graphics . The sound is equally horrible to the point where its practcally unbearable . Its like it was recorded with absolutely no bass at all with the treble turned up all the way . Trust me , you 'll hate it after the first few seconds . If you were hoping for a clean translation with high expectations with the PS2 , forget it . You will feel like you were playing on a SNES with crappier sound.The other game I was interested in was Wizard of Wor . Again , a huge disapointment . There are problems with the sound being out of place with random bleeps and blips for no reason , and the gameplay itself is waaaaay faster than the original to the point where you will be button mashing instead of plotting out a course through the maze.Next up , with frustrations rising , I tried Primal Rage . As before with the MK games , this had all the same problems listed . Another disapointment.Forget about Pit Fighter . You will play it for a total of six seconds before you realize that the speed of the game is way too fast to the point where its unplayable . That 's right - UNPLAYABLE.The other games are to a lesser extent higher in quality of translation , but the problem is , most people - myself included wo n't be buying the game to play Xybots or Wacko.And one other thing
 If you want this title for Mortal Kombat II or MKIII , think again . Upon receiving this game , I was immensely excited with my anticipation of being reunited with the classic Mortal Kombat II . The game looks great . The controls are there . But the one huge turn-off is that this game is so unplayable in 1-player mode . The CPU opponent is so ridiculously cheap and difficult that you are lucky if you can even get passed the 3rd fighter . I used to beat the old arcade and SNES versions of MKII , but can not barely pass the 3rd or 4th opponent.If you want to play against other people then the game is great . But if you plan on just enjoying the game for yourself and want to play the CPU ? Good luck . Because you will need a ton of it .
 Will not run in Windows 7 , I changed properties to have run in XP mode , it worked but poorly . I will give it to someone using Vista . That 's if any such people still exist .
 The game works well and is as much fun as it was almost 10 years ago . However , do n't even bother trying to play it online . It seems that you 'll get invalid CD key errors . LAN games work , but internet based games will not .
 Nothing wrong with the seller or amazon , but after the reviews this game got I could n't wait to play it . Big disappointment if you like PS2 or XBox 1st person shooters . I found it slow , boring , repetitive and very hard to control . I will leave the FPS to the consoles .
 This game is definately the worst First person Shooter I have ever played . Let 's go over the pros -LRB- which are basicly non-excistent -RRB- and the cons -LRB- there are lots of those ! -RRB- CONS1 . Completely inacurrate in the history department , especially the weapons . The Japanese have the british Bren LMGs , the Americans have British lee-enfields , and the russians have these heavy machine-guns that you can carry around , which is like lugging around an MG42 , which are really heavy . Oh and medics carry guns , which is really really really stupid .2 . It takes forever to kill somebody . I was using an MG42 , which was the most powerful machine-gun in WW11 , and i shot a guy at least 10 times and he barely flinched . Also , i shot a guy in the head with a springfield sniper rifle and he did n't die .3 . There is no intensity what so ever . I was playing Omaha Beach -LRB- which was where alot of the American casualties occured durring the invasion of Europe -RRB- and i could stand there and not get shot at for 5 minutes . After those 5 minutes , a german would walk up to me and stand there looking at me , until i shot him . I used to shoot the ground with my weapon just to make it seem i was fighting someone.PROS1 . The maps look pretty.IN CONCLUSIONIf you really want to have a good time playing a First Person Shooter , do n't play this game . Go get Call of Duty .
 I ca n't actually rate the game , because I never got to play the multi-player version . The single-player is OK -- except while she was watching me play , my teenage daughter asked if all the soldiers walked like ducks
 Games sucked , do n't believe the hype . I was looking 4ward 2 playing this collection only 2 b very disappointed . Could n't find 1 interesting thing about these game . Would n't recommend .
 Simple review.I order a simple item and over a week later , it has not even shipped!There is no excuse for this except that this company is drop shipping their orders and does n't even have the in stock the item one orders.I have ordered a ton of stuff on the net , and this is simply ridiculous. : thumbs down :
 I bought this game because of the good reviews that it got below . Boy was that a wrong move . I do n't understand how anyone could give this a good review . Are you people employees of Digital Illusions or EA ? Because this was the `` suckiest '' shooter I have ever played . My experience , of getting this game and expecting something moderately as fun as `` Halo , '' was basically the same as a kid expecting candy and getting a horehound lozenge.First off lets get an understanding about what I like and do n't like . I like to play multiplayer games sometimes , but I mainly like to play single player games . I like to play games like `` FarCry '' and `` Halflife '' and `` Halo '' . I like games not because of what everyone else says about them , but because they are fun . I do n't play games that need special input devices or require you to have a subscription . I just want to put it in the computer and play a fun game that I do n't have to worry about leaving if I need to.Just running around and shooting things with no goal is something I could do in any other game . So why would anyone want to pay good money to do it in battlefield ? Because that is all you do in this game , until you die and get spawned somewhere to do it again . This is more like a strategy game , but with out the ability to let you strategize . You are the ground troop in the strategy game , effectively , with nobody knowing what is going on until all of a sudden the game stops and says you won . Then you get another level to run around in and do it again . There are no real goals . Sure you can set up a team ; sure you can play with or against someone . Whoopiedee Dooooo !! This is , in other words , not a game that has a point.If you want a WW2 game that is good get Call of Duty , or hell even play the original Castle Wolfenstien -LRB- I 'd trade graphics for fun any day -RRB- . I ca n't believe I am saying bad things about a fps game , but if that is what this is supposed to be then they are not the kind that I like . This collection has the very worst single-player mode ever , from any platform . It is so bad that I refuse to sell it to someone because I would then be dealing that person a grievous wrong.If you really , really , really , want to throw your money away , then do n't buy this game . Send it to me , I will at least not use it to make a sequel to the royal buggering that you will get by being parted with your hard earned cash for nothing of value . And I wont lie to you and say that you will get something good . I only wish that I had that deal , ` cause I feel bad that my money will go towards financing another bogus farce of a game by an ironically named digital illusion.I would rather play solitaire , and that is bad coming from me.The best that I can say about this game is that it has nice graphics for its date .
 I bought this , not thinking and hoping it would be similar to the Battlefield 2 compilation . Not even close ! The Battlefield 2 collection is so much more advanced , the graphics are 1000 times better , and the movement and attention to detail is also incredibly better than the 1942 . Besides , I like playing online and I could n't find anyone , ANYONE playing Battlefield 1942 . There are thousands of people playing Battlefield 2 . Do yourself a favor and look past the Battlefield 1942 . It may have been top of the line at one point , but now , it just sucks .
 I wish I had not bought this game . It requires a code to install it says its on the lower left bottom of the box . There is no code . Try to call them or go to their web site etc no one can help . It 's not worth the effort to try to return it by mail . I do n't think I will buy anymore games on line besides best buy has all the same games at the same price .
 The graphics and action may be very good , but it is the customer support behind the product that is most important ! EA Games seems not to want to work with customers regarding simple problems . . such as inverting the mouse action . The game is totally unplayable unless there is a way to invert the mouse function . The default status is totally against logic for forward equals up , and backward equals down . All other game programs have the option to invert the mouse . Or , it can be added to the configuration file.It would be near impossible to operate a plane or construction equipment in such a manner with a joystick or shuttle control . Obviously , the EA Games programmers have no sense of reality .
 Do n't buy it . It failed to pass me on to the next level even though I had beaten the level . The interface is badly designed and the game is not really fun .
 Not nearly as good as BF2 . Graphics are more archaic . Aircraft do not behave well .
 Does n't compare to similar games within the last few years . I would n't buy any BF game that debut earlier than 2010 .
 I purchased Destroyer Command game produced by Ubisoft.The disc has so many flaws on it , I can not even get it to operate , nor read the material on it.Notified UBISOFT , and all my mail was returned for incorrect address.Even sent them actual photos of my computer screen thinking maybe they could help me solve this.NO LUCK NO MAIL NO HELP.Amazon did fine , it is a faulty game.Silent Hunter 5 will not run at all after downloading it several times.WHO KNOWS ????????????
 I 'm sure this game is loads of fun ... unfortunately , like 80 % of the people who bought this game , I can not play it because my computer 's video card is not up to the game 's standard . Do not buy this game unless you know for a fact you video card meets the requirements ! Though Buena Vista claims it is , this is not clearly stated on the box and it is very misleading . This game should be pulled from the shelves and reprogrammed because there are many , many complaints of it not working ! It was a great idea , but some great ideas fail . You will most likely get scammed if you buy this game so I do not recommend purchasing it . It 's not worth wasting $ 20 for a game that wo n't even load onto most computers .
 I was so excited when I saaw this being released that I ordered it right away . Of course , I checked to make sure my computer fit the requirements . I get the game -LRB- and I have a computer that is less than a year old -RRB- , try to install the game and I keep getting error messages saying that the program would not run because the computer did not meet the requirements ! Funny thing is , you then go to another screen for the explanation of what requirements it does not meet and my computer meets them all -- and the game still will not install ! So I 'm out $ 25 , with a game no one can play . Plus , I went to the website for assistance and really did not get any .
 Buena Vista Games mis-represented the minimum requirements listed on the cover of this game . We have 3 name brand laptops and one name brand desktop . ALL meet the listed minimum requirements and NONE can run this game because they have the wrong video cards . This was a Christmas gift to me from my sons . What a disappointment .
 I bought five of these games and not one of the people I gave it to can run it . Now I am out the $ 100 and all customer service can say is take it back or wait for an unspecified update that may or may not be coming . Do n't buy it .
 When I first got this game I played it for a short time twice , I could n't understand why anyone would play , so gave up . I decided to give it another go and found it slightly interesting . It does run on my computer , which is lucky compared to other reviewers who ca n't run it at all I suppose , except I have run in to so many bugs in the program I ca n't play it anyway.Basically you are a housewife and you have a Husband and Son . My family has disappeared , could have been my cooking ? People are stuck all over the place . Susan has melded in to her Daughter , I can talk to the Daughter but not Susan -LRB- unfortunately talking to Susan is one of the challenges so I ca n't get past level 2 -RRB- . The caterer is stuck in the chair in the dining room and my character is now stuck in front of the stove . I tried starting a new game and now have a woman stuck in my front yard , Lynette is stuck in Susan 's front yard and Susan is stuck in her house but is n't really there.When I say ` stuck ' I mean the characters never move , although I can interact with all of them except Susan.Anyway , it 's too bad they did n't get it right , bugs bugs bugs!I 've played the Sims a lot , this game does n't even deserve to be anywhere near it , the Sims are so smooth compared to this.Footnote
 My mom bought me this game after I asked for it , and I wish I had n't . I would consider this game a good one , that is if it had n't been for the loads of problems I experienced when I tried to play it . When I first got this I tried to install it on my computer and it failed then I tried the laptop and still it failed.I put game away for a while until I got a new computer . I tried to install it for a third time . It failed one test but managed to install anyway.I played the game and it was fun but then I went to get off . But oh wait you ca n't save the game , at least not where you want to . I had two families ; one restarted the game at episode six the other started over from the beginning.I looked on the internet to try to fix the problem and after doing what the website suggested it worked . But when I 'm on episode 6 the game crashes at the poker game or time gets stuck at 5:00 . It turns out the game is incompatible with Windows 7 . So save yourself the frustration , do n't buy this game .
 I love the show and love video games so I have been waiting for years to play this game but did n't have a PC.I bought it when I got a notebook computer but am massively disappointed that it wo n't play on my computer . It meets all the qualifications except the video card . This game needs a NIVIDA video card and wo n't even install without one . Amazon really should include all the minimums your computer needs to have to actually play the game.My daughter urged me to return it but I 'm hanging on to it in hopes of getting a better computer or , if possible -LRB- I 'm no computer geek so I do n't even know if it is -RRB- , update or install the video card.I am bummed out !!! The game looks fun as hell from reading the book . I wish there was a PS2 version .
 Did n't have any problems with freezing or anything , as mentioned by a previous reviewer . However , this game is not in any way entertaining . I love the show and could n't wait to play the game , but it was a big let down . I played this game for about 2 hours and got completely bored with it . There is n't any real challenge to this game . You follow their goals and can not proceed until you do what they want . Completely disappointed .
 this game had loading issues and I was never able to play . There is something wrong with the game software , which was confirmed to me by several others who also bought this game . It was a complete waste of money and I could have just thrown it out the window !
 You are not told that if you are missing just one thing on your computer that ca n't handle this game-guess what you ca n't play it without upgrading your computer -
 This game is full of bugs , In order to play this game , I had to buy another video card . So this game got really expensive quick . I still have n't been able to get very far in the game because it freezes up . I would n't waste my money again for this game or anything like it til the bugs are gone .
 I was very happy to receive my order in a very timely manner but tried to install it in all 4 of our computers -LRB- 2 desk top 2 lap top -RRB- and none of the computers are able to run the game . The newest of the laptops is only 1 year old and there is something lacking in all the computers to download the game into the computers .
 I received this game as a Christmas gift and could n't wait to play it . Unfortunately , neither my desktop nor my NEW laptop -LRB- less than 1 year old -RRB- met the requirements for this game . This is not my first bad experience with Buena Vista - buyer beware !
 I bought a new computer -LRB- with all the requirements even the upgraded video card -RRB- , the desperate wives game for my daughter and my neice.However , I could not get the game to work after trying for hours . I was able to download , but then when I try to open the game it goes from a black screen and then back to my desktop . My Christmas dinner was late , due to my determination to make this game run for my daughter . The next day , I returned the computer and did not give the game to my niece.Before going out to purchase another computer for the purpose of one game , I came here instead and you all saved my precious time . Moreover , you saved my young niece the aggravation of getting a gift that would not work -LRB- her computer is approx . 5 years old -RRB- . I returned the opened and unopened games and received a full refund.I really appreciate all of your reviews . I feel better knowing that it was n't something that I was doing wrong .
 I received this game as a gift for Christmas . Although my children run Sims on our computer , the graphics for this game will not run due to the video card not being of the correct specs . The game was on sale and now I see why ! I will use the gift receipt and return it . It is really a shame that the game was n't designed correctly . I find it hard to believe that a game like Sims which uses multiple graphics could run on our computer , but not this silly game . I give it one star simply due to the fact that you ca n't install it .
 Well my pc is about 11/2 years old and can play any game until this one ! I have all the requirements even the upgraded video card . I was able to download , but then when I try to open the game it goes from a black screen and then back to my desktop . I checked the website for the game -LSB- ... -RSB- and only about 10 video cards are listed that work many upgraded video cards do n't even work and they have them listed there so just because you have the necessary requirements to play does n't mean you are going to be able to . I 'm out $ 20 hope no one else has to be !
 I have enjoyed playing this game , but it is so full of bugs that it has been difficult to get as far in the game as I have . I am almost through with the game , but it keeps freezing up and crashing my computer . I give up !!! I really would n't waste my time on this game at all , unless you like mediocre graphics and wasting your time rebooting the game because it has frozen up or crashed your computer . Make sure you save your game frequently if you must play this game . They should have never released this game in this condition .
 I just bought the Desperate Housewives game and was pretty excited to play it . When I went to install it , it said that my system did not meet some of the requirements . Therefore , I am not sure how fun this game is , anyhow , I then looked up some information to find that tons of other people are having the same exact problem as me . I called the company that made the game and they did offer to replace the game because I can not play it . The person was very helpful and walked me through some simple steps to see why the game could n't play . The reason is , is that it is because I have a Laptop and he told me that you can not update the video cards on laptops like you can on desktops . So needless to say , I ca n't play this game , but my husband and I have been wanting to get a desktop for a while now . I suggest if anyone else is having the same problem as me to call -LRB- 1-800-228-0988 -RRB- and press # 9 twice to be able to talk to a representative right away that can help you .
 I bought this today in hopes I would enjoy a lazy Friday in front of the PC , but I have n't been able to play it because my computer does n't have the proper video/sound card , which apparently from what I 've read from others , nobody else seems to have this technology on their PC either . Too bad for me , I did n't read these reviews until after the fact . I found a bypass code online and actually installed the DH software , but then when I went to click play , nothing happened . So , I 've basically spent an afternoon frustrated , and now I need to go buy a new video driver if I want to play this game , which I guess I will since I ca n't return the game since it 's been opened already ... Do n't you just love it ???
 Well the game sure looks like a lot of fun ... but unfortunately I have n't had the chance to try it out . If you are planning to buy this game PLEASE make sure your computer will pass all the `` minimal '' requirements -LRB- meaning if your computer fails just ONE of the tests the game wo n't work until you fix whatever needs to be fixed -RRB- It 's most likely going to be your video card / video acceleration . That 's the problems I had with it.In order for this game to run on your computer you have to have a compatible video card ; and for some odd reason there are only a few that will work . Hopefully you 'll get lucky enough to have one of the few computer 's that already have a stock video card that supports the game . If not , each card ranges from at least $ 150 - $ 400 if you were planning on buying one ... which I had not been . Nor should I have to.Anyway , I do n't know what they were thinking when they made this game 's installation process . I doubt people want to get home from buying the game ... then spend all night trying to get it to work . Not everyone is going to have the fastest or most updated computer -LRB- or in this case , video card -RRB- in the world.I guess it is a bit unfair of me to give this game only one star since I have n't played it yet ... . but I think the crap that this game puts you through JUST to play ? is enough to warrant the one star.I 'm pretty sure I 'll love this game once I get it up and running , but for now I defintely do n't recommend it . Especially to those who know they 'll have installation requirement problems . But if you have no doubt that your computer will install this game , go for it ... . then let me know how it is !
 What a waste of money ! The game wo n't save nor will it go past episode 6 . There is a patch available but it does n't seem to have made a difference .
 Has anyone else had problems with the game working . I get to the point of Frank locking himself in his room and then it just shuts off . Really would love to finish this game out .
 Making a video game does n't necessarily means that you have to have to be over realistic . Why , there are games with very simple designs and visuals on PC , like Harry Potter and the Chamber of secrets or the first one called Philosopher 's Stone and The Movies , that can be very fun to play and get you entertained over and over again , Even though everything is n't perfect visually , which is the case with Desperate Housewives the video game . Where there is both a good story and visuals . Even though there is enough product placement in it to remind you that the All laundry detergent , Slim-fast , Chrysler cars , Bertolli pastas , Sears , and all this rubbish that pollutes television is the ideal for the twenty-first century.However , it is unacceptable that a game based on a very popular tv series and sold to the public in general stores , Amazon and Costco , so that it can be played by millions of players , is overfilled with bugs , crashes , and other kind of problems that people have to download a patch on the Internet and correct it to make it more playable . I write , more playable , because when you pay it , either on Windows 7 or on XP , there are still enough bugs and crashes coming out at you so that it can ruin the whole fun of the game . Trust me , it is frustrating to try to get your charcter to Bree 's house for the weekly poker game and then all of a sudden , your game freezes and that 's it , you ca n't find out how the story ends . It is 10 bucks wasted on something that should have been tested more properly by the makers of the video game . Something that they did n't do.So if you want to buy a game with a good story , like this one , but is n't too much filled with bugs to ruin your pleasure and remind you that the makers rushed it out too fast and did n't test it properly , then DO NOT buy this game .
 Well unlike the rest of you , my game actually worked . I failed the system part , and passed everything else . It still worked . This is a fairly new computer and if The Sims can play on this computer with no problems , then this game should not have been a problem . For some reason I could not save the game . I kept getting the message that an error occured ... game did not save . And I even installed the patch and it still gave me the same message . And I have had it up to here with shutting down and then going back in the game and having to start over from the beginning . What a waste of money !!! If you are thinking of buying this game do me and everyone else a favor and DO N'T !!!!
 I checked the minimum requirements and meet them . However , the game will not work on my PC . When I contacted tech support I was told that they are `` working with intel to resolve the issue , and in the meantime I can return the game or upgrade to a differant video card . '' The game is going back and I will avoid future buena vista games .
 I thought it was going to be more like the sims . it 's not ... but for $ 9.00 what can you expect .
 Product was shoved out on shelves for xmas and was not ready for release.I will make your pc crash .
 It 's odd , my laptop is fairly new . I was n't able to play this game . Why ? I 'm not sure . My system passed their systems check . There was one thing that said acel ? Not sure what that was . Save your money , if your computer is n't brand spanking new , your not playing this game . I had to learn that the hard way . I Hope you do n't have to .
 My daughter got this game for Christmas , and we spent several hours on Christmas Eve trying to get it running with no luck . I read everything on the BV web site and downloaded new drivers for her computer 's video chipset . None of it made any difference . We could n't get it to run . This is a very poorly designed and programmed game . I will make sure to avoid any Buena Vista games in the future .
 This game is a piece of CRAP ! I could n't tell you if the game is fun or not b/c I ca n't seem to get it to load properly . I spent 2 hours trying to install the game . Now that I have it installed it wo n't load and boots me back out to the desktop . After reading reviews and help sites , I am not the only one that seems to be experiencing the same problems . If you are thinking about buying this game , MAKE SURE your computer meets ALL the requirements . I guess you have to have a compatible video and sound card and have a good acceleration ... whatever that means . I had to download the game on my laptop since it wo n't work on my desktop . Online support was no help for me either . I have spent the past hour looking up related topics to my issues and non of the solutions have worked . I ca n't call support b/c they close after 830 ET and the online chat help has retarded hours . Maybe my opinion will change if I somehow manage to get this game to work . I really want to play it b/c I am a HUGE fan of all SIMS games . So ... to make a long story short be cautious when buying this game . A lot of people seem to have problems installing it and getting the game to run properly .
 I purchased this game yesterday . I enjoy watching Desperate Housewives and like playing video/pc games . It was on clearance at BJ 's for $ 4.10 , so I figured , why not ? I tried to run the game unsuccessfully MANY times on my PC . I used all of the techniques to trouble shoot the problem , but nothing worked . It is having trouble with the DirectX . I checked the version and it should work with the game , but does not . It was only $ 4.10 wasted , but a disappointment . In case anyone else has the same PC , it is a Dell Dimension 3000 .
 This game is a total rip-off ! Even though I have the correct specs on my computer and I even updated to get the video card , this game will not work on my computer . Buyer BEWARE . The company offers no help and technical support is useless . Do not waste one dime on this game or any Buena Vista games . They pushed this game for the holiday season without cleaning up all the bugs . Shame on them
 I bought this and was excited to play it . It turns out I do n't have the correct video card on my computer . Upon further checking , there is a huge list of video cards that wo n't run the game . I did n't know that until I got it home and tried to install and run it . Now i 'm stuck with an open game that I ca n't use . My computer is a brand new toshiba with 2 gigs of memory and a 120 gig hard drive . I 've never had any trouble with any other program on my computer .
 Two days ago I purchased a brand new Sony Vaio along with this game . It wo n't work . After trying to unsuccessfully locate a driver update on the Sony website , I visited the game website support only to find out that there is no driver update for my computer , nor is Intel making any plans to create one . My husband also got a brand new Sony Vaio laptop on the same day as me -LRB- only a different model -RRB- and it wo n't work on his . I also have an IBM 500X Thinkpad laptop -LRB- does n't work -RRB- and a 2 year old eMachine desktop computer -LRB- does n't work -RRB- . I am so dissappointed with Buena Vista Games for creating a program that will not work on most computers .
 This game was pretty lame , but I was n't expecting it to be grand , either . It did n't carry the excitement or mystery that the actual show often produced . The characters did n't look anywhere near the real people . It was also a bit difficult to navigate and things would stick from time-to-time .
 I played this game and it stopped working in the middle of the game ! You can only play the beginning and that 's it . It froze when it got good , I 'm disappointed !
 I got the new 100 bally slots today and I was really disappointed in this one . I figured that there would be some new games on it instead of the old tired ones that we have already played . I dont care for the three reel slot games and that is what this one mostly is . From the build up of this new game I thought we were going to get some new fun to play 5 reel games but alas this was not to be the case . I really think that this will be the last bally slot game I will buy.For the money I will continue to buy PhantomEFX games instead .
 I was looking forward to playing some new slots - but instead was very disappointed with `` 101 Bally Slots '' . It has NO new slot games - just a re-mix from all the previous software releases by the company . I suppose this edition will be nice for those who do n't have the any of the previous versions . I think the point of releasing new software is so that we can play more of the slot games that are have been or are currently being released in the casinos . So we can play our favorite slots when we ca n't go to the casinos ! I also purchased `` Reel Deal Slots Nickels & More '' -LRB- PhantomEFX -RRB- and while it may not have slots from casinos it 's a lot more entertaining and they at least give you new slots . For the money go with PhantomEFX .
 Boring . I 've purchased other Masque slots game that I enjoy . This one -LRB- all of the games on this DVD -RRB- were just plain boring .
 This program lacks the fun penny machines with bonus features . It 's mostly the plain boring games . It 's good at teaching you that the bank always comes out ahead .
 Most of the slots are a total bore . There are a few interactive games but even playing for a long time does n't bring up the bonus features much . If I play without money I want to at least have fun . I previously bought Pogo 's Casino Island to go which is a lot more fun with beautiful graphics and the slots have lots of bonus features . The high minimums make it a little unbelievable but after all it 's a game , right ?
 I found that the slot games were poorly designed and boring
 this game is so stupid everything looks like it is from a broken video camera ! please do n't buy .
 Simply stupid ! I hate this game . The only reason i play it now is because it is all I have at the moment because my other games got stolen .
 THUG 2 on GameBoy Advanced is alot different than Thug 2 on PS2 , X Box and GameCube . The grafics on this game are like from a game from the 1980s . You cant see much on the screen and the game is way shorter that the ones on PS2 , GameCube and X Box . If you like good grafics and long games dont get this . It is stupid .
 I was very excited when I got this , but when I tried to add my people into the sims 2 , the heads turned out not looking right and just did n't look normal . I 'm warning you , this is not what it supposedly is . But of course , if you just want to make 3-d models of your family and friends , it 's perfect for that , but if you want it for the sims 2 like I did , your wasting your time here .
 I bought one of these from best buy . It worked for the 15 minutes I was testing it out , then 20 minutes later , when I plugged it back in , it only made weird rumbling sounds , would not play like it did first time I tried it . Make sure you can return if you decide to chance buying one , cool idea though .
 I have purchased 11 of these controllers and only 3 worked . The rest did not work out of the box . The ones that worked wore out way too fast . The reason I keep trying is I really need one to play final fantasy xi . It is so much easier to play with one of these controllers . However they have buttons that are stuck on or that wont respond when I get them . I have contacted logitech and they have given me no support . There are no new ones . Any one you buy even if new in the box , has sat on a shelf for a long time . I believe this is why they dont work . I have had many many playstation controllers that work fine and take a lot more abuse than these netplay . They never have a stuck dpad or a stuck button.It is very annoying that no one makes these controllers anymore.Don ' t buy this . It 's been sitting in some warehouse for years by now .
 Best buy had a stack of these at a great price - so I picked one up before reading the other reviews here . I was slightly suspicious , because the tape on the boxes was broken , but none of them had a `` returned product '' label . Alas , the buttons stick -LRB- and somehow deleted my Star Wars Battlefront profile from my memory card ! -RRB- and the d-pad does n't work very well . It 's amazing to me that this many people could have the same problem with a product from a company like Logitech ! I guess this is why the price was so much lower at BB and is why I wo n't waste my gas money driving back to the store to return it .
 i bought this ... twicei thought it would be a good idea because i had just bought FFXI and did n't want to alternate back and forth between the keyboard and controller and did n't want to just use the keyboard to control my characterthe controller part did n't work ... twicethe buttons would n't even launch the PS2 viewer . i then launched the game using a regular PS2 controller and switched out controllers with this logitech one , it functioned as if a button was stuck . i tried this with one , it did n't work.i exchanged it for the exact same thing and it happened againthe keyboard works fine for what its worth , relatively cheap tooi have nothing against logitech , i have a lot of logitech products but i hear their service is terrible . i 'm thrilled with the logitech stuff that works but the stuff that does n't work is a headache and a halfgood luck with this thing
 I am an avid player of Final Fantasy XI , and this keyboard/controller is a very convenient tool . The keyboard works quite well , the controller part on the other hand ... I have had to replace three of these for the same reason ; the analog sticks shut themselves off somehow , then you have to go and unplug and replug the controller cord in to fix the problem . This can be very bad when auto-running in Valkurm Dunes or any other dangerous area . > . > ; That , and sometimes the analog sticks make you turn around and walk backward for no apparent reason , and it 's hard to stop . I do n't know how this happens to every one of my controllers , I am very gentle with them ! > . < I like these while the controller is working properly , but I do not like being forced to replace them every 6-8 months for the same irritating problems ...
 I only half heartingly reccomend this item . . solely because there isnt anything comparable out there other than a seperate keyboard . . which usually runs 19.99 . . If you can find this item on sale . . i would say if you must . . get it . . its faults . . -LRB- all on ffxi as what i have played it on -RRB- the dpad isnt very accurate . . when scrolling numbers in AH it sometimes goes left when i want to go up . . the keyboard is super sensitive . . making me tyyyyyyyyyyyyype like thissssssssssssss.As i played it . . a few months later ... the left stick began to fault . . now it veers to the left almost always . . and will move forward when i am not pushing anything . it , too , doesnt control accuratlythe vibration function will cause it to switch the analog mode off so the sticks dont work . . very annoying.luckily . . ffxi doesnt require much in the line of exact control ... so I am fine with it . . until it eventually completely quits . . the unit would be useless to control a platforming type game that requires more exact control.To be fair , customer service did offer to fix it . . but who wants to be w/o a controller while already addicted to ffxi ?
 Like some others here , I 'm also on my second Netplay keyboard return that 's about to go back with a stuck `` O '' button . I called Logitech customer support about this issue , and stated they had no reports of anyone else with similar issues . Does n't sound too promising , so I will probably end up getting my money back . Too bad , as it is a good idea , too - if only the quality control matched the idea .
 This is my second purchase of one of these controllers . . my first one worked fine for the most part . . the keyboard had to be replaced but it was n't a big deal . I just got a new one for my 2nd PS2 and straight out of the box the controller does n't work . Somehow it seems to be internally stuck in the left direction . . and I have no idea how to calibrate it . So I 'm just using my keyboard and basic controller . . irritating , but it works .
 Got this item yesterday and it does not work correctly : -LRB- The keboard functions fine . Nice soft keys , feels like quality Logitech . The PS2 controller section also feels nice to the touch but unfortunately it does n't work . The direction pad seems to be `` internally '' stuck in the right position . Possibly a calibration issue , but was provided with just a web address for Troubleshooting.So for the bargain price of under five dollars , I have a spiffy compact Logitech keyboard for my PS2 and the controller is tossed in the junk pile .
 If you like AvP2 , please do n't bother to play this expansion pack , it does n't have nothing new , even more the story have a lot of gasps and at the end you have a lot of questions about the story .
 I am relatively new to the world of gaming , whether it be regular video games or computer based . I use sophisticated computers on a daily basis , but only came into the video gaming arena since my young children have become interested . I purchased not one , but two Sony Playstation 2 's for the kids -LRB- well , actually one was for me downstairs on the big screen TV -RRB- . I was impressed by the technology , the graphics and the possibilities of hours of enjoyment for my kids and myself . We developed an interest in trying flight simulations , so I felt , based on reviews and information contained in periodicals , magazines and on-line , that a joystick with almost real-to-life features would add to the enjoyment of flight/combat simulation , both for kids and adults.Looking through different media to make a selection , I noticed the reviews and descriptions of Logitech products . I was immediately hooked - LOGITECH , a well known , reputable , quality product producing corporation , who 's products I have used over the years and thoroughly enjoyed . I continued to research the joysticks and discovered that they provide a large line of similar products for computer and Sony Playstation 2 gaming . I made my first purchase of the Logitech `` Flight Force , Force Feedback Joystick '' for PLAYSTATION 2 , on-line with Best Buy -LRB- that was the only place I could originally find it , since independent gaming stores and the Best Buy location did not stock it . -RRB- When I finally received the Logitech joystick , it looked impressive , seemed well made/robust , with all the bells and whistles , but that was all . I followed the instructions , plugged it into not one , but both of my Playstation 2 's , using both flight simulation games/programs and others , with NO response.After numerous tries , I called Logitec Techinical Support . The tech immediately stated , after understanding that the unit purchased was for Playstation 2 and not computer , that I should return the joystick for a refund or replacement because it was `` apparently defective '' since there was no response in the games while using the unit . The joystick was returned , at which point I made the assumption that the `` defective '' unit I received was just a fluke . Before I decided to buy another Logitech joystick , I re-read all the material I used for the original research , found additional information , and learned that the unit would work with games that `` support -LRB- ed -RRB- Flight Force Feedback '' through the Sony Playstation 2 . Retailers , the Logitech guy , and game store personnel told me that the unit should work fine , that it was one of the `` best '' in the field , and that it would operate with any or most games used on Sony Playstation 2 -LRB- they may have been referring to the Logitech Flight Force 3D units for computers -RRB- . The box of the original unit I received said `` for Playstation 2 '' . So , I bought another one on-line , but this time through Amazon.com . When it arrived the same thing happened -LRB- or should I say , nothing happened as before -RRB- . I called Logitech again , spoke to a different technical person , who demanded that I provide her with the previous investigation/case number -LRB- I was not provided one during the previous call -RRB- . She took all my `` personal history '' before realizing that there was no information pertaining to my original complaint in her computer system . She then went on to suggest that I was mistaken about the type of unit , what gear it was compatible with and the location of the part number . After she realized that she did not know what to do for me , she put me on hold - for a long time , I might add . When she returned , she began to argue and insist that the unit in question was for computer , not Playstation 2 . Eventually , she realized her error -LRB- did not admit it -RRB- , put me on hold again , and upon her return , essentially stated that the unit would not work with the Playstation 2 or ANY program or game , save one , although SHE DID NOT KNOW WHAT IT WAS . She put me on hold again , and upon her return , was unable to give me the name of a SINGLE game with which the unit would work -LRB- this after `` polling '' other employees in her immediate area -RRB- . I did some additional research after that useless telephone call to Logitech and discovered that the one game it will work with is `` Airforce Delta Strike '' by Konami . Most , if not all reviews of that game indicate that it is a piece of junk and a waste of money . That means that the Logitech joystick to which I am referring works only on ONE game , and it SUCKS . Why even buy this piece of crap ? I got the impression that Logitech personnel -LRB- and the corporation -RRB- are resting on their laurels and feel that they can pass off junk to the consumer based on their previous reputation . They come off as being smug and treat the consumer as if he is ignorant and has no recourse . Well , just wait - eventually , they will go the way of other companies that adopt this attitude.If it were not for the fact that Amazon.com is a reputable company and has a reasonable return policy , I would be very upset . Actually , I still believe that Logitech produces quality products in other areas , and I would still buy some/other products from their company , but the `` bait and switch '' thing really burns me up . They intentionally do not STRONGLY inform the customer that this product only works on ONE GAME , and the game itself is a bad and unsatisfying product . Why would they make a product that only works with one game ? It would make more sense if it worked with other Playstation 2 games , or could be used with computers and their games . Guess what
 The manufacturer says `` It 's perfect for Airforce Delta Strike and other PlayStation 2 flight games . '' This is not true . I purchased this as a gift for a friend who loves ps2 flight games . Before giving to him I tried to set it up to make sure it works , I could not get it to work with any other game . So I checked out their little compatability on their web site . I 'm going to put this sentance on a next line so everybody reads it.This joystick will only work for one game , it is not compatable with anything else , it will not work with any other flight game , or any other game that I know of . This is not only my opinion , but is shown on the firm 's web site : System requirements : PlayStation2 computer entertainment systemGames that support Logitech Force Feedback joysticks -LRB- see below -RRB- PlayStation2 Games Compatible with the Logitech Flight Force joystickAirforce Delta Strike by KonamiNow I did get to hold the joystick and play with it a little , the cords are decent - Though keep in mind you have to plug it into the PS2 and a normal outlet , and it seems to have a fairly good grip . Though I noticed any time I pushed the joystick in one direction or another the power drain was so severe it actually interfered with video quality . This may have just been because I was drawing power from the same outlet , or it may be a flaw with the joystick . I ca n't tell you for sure.That 's all folks .
 I 've purchased this controller well to tell you the truth , it 's not what i had mind . I like flight simulators with a passion and i decided to buy this controller to play acecombat 4 and acecombat 5 , but it does n't work . It only works on airforce delta strike or unless there is another game that is compatible . Do n't get me wrong it is a very good comtroller and it handles very good with airforce delta strike , but there 's got ta be another controller joystick to play acecombat . If there 's anyone out there knows a good controller for acecombat let me know .
 To start with why make a joystick that will only work on 2 games -LRB- Flight Force or Airforce Delta Strike-from KONAMI -RRB- ??? I thought that the name of the joystick was called Flight Force Force Feedback Joystick , I did not know it was referring toa game that it was made for . Logitech has used deceptive advertising to sell this joystick making it look like it would work on any forced feedback games . Just go on Google and look at the reviews and you will see what I mean . I called Logitechthree times before I got a straight answer . I can not tell you how good it worked I sent it back twice thinking it wasdefective , if you like these two games then you 're in luck they made a joystick just for you .
 Although I ultimately hated it , I will say that this style of controller is quite a bit more usable than the standard PS2 dual shock for flying . You get stable set-and-forget throttle control , and one hand controls all 3 axes of motion . But it 's plug and * almost * play -- it is severely out of calibration by default and requires recalibration every time you power cycle the game machine . After just a few hours of play the cheap internal trimpots got tired and I started getting unsmooth/erratic motion over the full range , making calibration a frustrating and finally impossible task . Also the stick has a huge amount of play that is n't helped a lot with center position calibration . For the price I did n't expect a lot but the unsmooth motion was a big disappointment . Bottom line , I will not be wasting my time on a flight stick from this price/quality level in the future !
 My litlle sister was angrey becuse the program whould always lock up on are computer and say that are windowas was not right we have windows xp but she wasnt haveing that much fun with it anyway becuse thare were only 4 levels anyway and we some how got spyzapper after playing it dont buy it .
 If there was a Hall of Fame for all time bad racers Crash N'Burn would make the top 10 with ease.The AI cars are brain dead , the collision detection very suspect and the audio is abysmal . The cars do n't exactly convince the eye that they are lumps of metal smashing into each other , all they do is convince the eye that they are lo quality computer graphics .
 It 's a fact that I like crash racing games . So that 's why I wanted to give it a try . I was pretty sure it would n't be as good as Burnout 3 , but thought it would still be fun . So I went ahead and rented it and turns out this game is awful . The graphics , crashes , speed , and fun pale n comparison to Burnout 3 . I have very few positive things to say about it . The customization is cool and I like the detail in the environments . Other than that though , this game is just awful . What 's so bad about it ? 1 . The cars . They look bland , not very detailed , and very similar to each other in races .2 . The commentary is almost muted , repetitve , and annoying .3 . The crashes look bad . Especially in the beinning of races when the cars are rubbing on each other . It 's just silly .4 . Lack of fun . The races are way too short , too repetitve , too easy , and just plain boring .5 . The soundtrack is weak .6 . Overall presentation is pathetic . Nothing looks great , menu design is pretty bad and hard to navigate as well .7 . One minor incident can cost you a race . And if you want to restart in a series , you have to start over the whole series . Not good.Believe me . The are a lot more negatives . I do n't even know why this game was even made . It 's just awful .
 This product makes the PSP too bulky . Its looses its apeal as a small light portable divice.For that uch money my advice is to buy a couple of 2GB memory sticks . Same ammount of space , more portable , more convenient , faster loading and do n't change the overall shape of you PSP.I have the logitech portecting case and if I want to use it , I have to remove the hard drive which defeats its whole purpose .
 This big clunky old hard drive is useless and overpriced now that SanDisk has a 4GB Memory Stick Pro Duo for $ 113 . It is smaller and makes more sense to buy . Also it is rumored that an 8GB Memory Stick Pro Duo may be out by years end . Do yourself a favor and get the new smaller , cheaper , and more reliable Memory Stick Pro Duo .
 They are selling this outdated technology for two hundred dollars ? Gim me a break ! It is so bulky , but you look at the Ipods with their 30-80 Gig hard drives and see how sleek and small they are . Also , I bought a 4 Gig duo memory card at Best Buy for eighty dollars . It has just as much storage space , it 's cheaper , faster access time , smaller , and oh yeah , CHEAPER without any moving parts . They should sell this for 20 bucks to be viable in the marketplace , otherwise , just get a 4 Gig mem card .
 This is a poorly made after market product and it is a total rip off . The hard drive and extra battery pack extrudes from the back of your PSP making it bulkier . Because of this bulk the UMD slot gets stuck when trying to open it . The fittings for the HD do not fit snugly into the PSP backing so it easily comes off . When it does come off the very fragile paper backing of the HD is exposed to damage . -LRB- There is also a warning on this paper backing letting you know your warranty is void if it is removed . -RRB- The cable that connects from the HD to the PSP requires that your card slot remain open at all times and exposes it to wear and damage . The battery pack IS twice as big but it can only be charged by connecting the charging wire to the PSP , you can not use the battery pack adapter.Don ' t waste your money on this product . The extra memory does n't make it worth all of the other inconveniences that come along with it . It also costs about as much as a brand new PSP . Hopefully I can sell mine .
 Broke after 2 months of use . The drive is completely dead now . The extra bulk that everyone complains about did n't bother me too much but this thing does n't have any warranty . While it worked , it was cool .
 you could also get the 1 or 2gb stick . or better yet wait for the 4 and 8gb sticks to come out later this year . they are makin it in a miniature form cause you cant get make a 4gb or more in that form factor . but it will be expensive on launch . thats why sandisk lowered the cost of their sticks , so they can release the the new ones.p.s . i dont have an account on this site -LRB- yet -RRB- thats y im using a kids reveiw
 * WARNING LONG READ - IN-DEPTH REVIEW - But well worth it ! ** KEY * PvP - Player versus player combat.RvR - Realm versus realm combat.PvE - Player versus environment . Player versus computer AI enemies or MOBs.MOB - Monster or Beast -LRB- pertaining to MMO play -RRB- CC - Crowd Control . Disabling effects on your character to limit or completely remove your character from the fight.Lag - Move slowly ; delay . Due to connection speed or due to gaming engine.Zerg - Reference to a playable race on Starcraft . Tactics of this race are to create mass numbers to overwhelm the enemy.MMO or MMOG - Massively Multi-player Online gamePathing - The direction or manner a MOB is programmed to attack the player.I started playing Dark Age of Camelot shortly after release . Since that time Mythic has undergone many changes - bad changes . Once EA bought out Mythic and laid off about 80 % of their customer service staff and replaced them with a outsourcing firm . The game has become horrendous . To compare with another well known MMO - World of Warcraft . Mythic/EA falls considerably short compared to Blizzard.For example , I have had several customer service interactions with both Blizzard and Mythic . Blizzard reacted to my issues concerned , empathetic , communicative , and extremely . Where as Mythic/EA consist of emails from reps that can not speak English and have a total disregard to your question . When you finally get a actual Mythic/EA rep they either claim to have very little power to assist you or they are flat out unwilling to do so . Under cases such as ; Guild Functions , stuck characters , harassment issues , account recovery , graphic errors , and one of the most troubling player hacking . To highlight a few of these cases , lets first take Player Hacking.Several players have been complaining about this for years . Hackers use speed , buff , map hacks to destroy everyone 's gaming experience but their own . Proof of these encounters including screen shots have been sent to Mythic/EA by players for several years but these hackers still log on everyday like everyone else . Able to exploit the game over and over with little to no disciplinary action . To compare with Blizzard , Blizzard goes out of its way to stop hackers immediately and quickly located/eliminate the exploit.Next highlight , stuck characters . If your character gets stuck in a wall or falls in the floor -LRB- which happens a lot -RRB- then I do not envy your pain . This has happened to many friends , guilders , and myself several times . Sometimes you will get lucky and the / stuck feature will be able to get you out but this rarely happens . If you 're lucky and appeal it a Dev will get you out in about 3-5 hours and remember that is if you are lucky . Most players are stuck for several days . Anywhere from 3-5days . Some players including myself got a response from a dev/csr about four days later saying `` We are showing that you character has already been un-stuck . Is there anything else I can help you with ? '' They send this while you are falling through mid air underneath Darkness Falls or Labs by the way . Which is almost as funny as it is sad.Harassment issues - You could have several players harassing you , even threatening to kill you and they do nothing . They just tell you to ignore the player . Well that 's all well and good but Dark Age of Camelot issues free trials without entering a Credit Card number which entitles players to open unlimited accounts - each with a period of 14 days at their whim . But this issue is not address and guilty players again go without even a slap on the wrist.Do not even contemplate playing this game if you are unwilling to play at least two accounts . You have to use a `` Buffbot '' to even be competitive . Buffbots are Buff/Heal classes that are used by players to buff their `` Main Character '' for a distinct advantage in PvP or PvE . If you ca n't afford at least 27.98 a month and that 's not including tax . -LRB- Yes , I said tax . Unlike other MMO 's Mythic/EA tack on a extra dollar amount on their subscriptions . It comes out to almost $ 40.00 USD a month for two accounts . -RRB- Then steer clear of DAoC.The population of Dark Age of Camelot in its prime was 250,000 users . A far cry from Warcraft but formidable non the less . This number is now at roughly 5,000 players and this is on the weekend . A weekly average is about 2,400 . The reason in this vast decline is mostly due to what I have listed above . Also including the support of zerg pvp . Which gives the large population of solo-pvpers a slim to non chance to enjoy this game . You definitely wo n't enjoy it if you are the type of person that dislikes if when enemy players / spit and / laugh at you when eight of them kill you and you are all by yourself . The use of Master Level itemization has destroyed class balancing to favor caster class pvp/pve in all forms . Also a big problem is the lack of a engine/UI upgrades which has drove many players away to greener pastures . Group/Guild options are extremely limited compared to other MMO 's . Services that have been proven to be invaluable to other MMO 's such as character transfers and name changing are non existent . Sure , you can use the feature known as `` Account Splitting '' but it has to be a fresh account with no characters on it and it has to be fully upgraded with current expansion . If you ware a multi-boxer like myself and you want to re-arrange your multi-box combo then you can forget it . All of the above have deterred the majority of the previous Dark Age of Camelot player from any Mythic game . Including Warhammer online which suffers from the same issues . If you enjoy countless headaches from customer service . Deaths and item losses due to bugs that will never be recovered then by all means this game is for you ! - Positive Features - * Housing - True as it was when the Foundation expansion was released , the housing in DAoC was implemented almost perfectly with the housing instancing feature . In this aspect DAoC trumps the competition . Blizzard has failed to even implement housing , explaining that it would turn lag warped cities into ghost towns . Uh , hello right ? Not implementing it has been one of Blizzards biggest mistakes . The housing expansion offers four different house models for each realm . Prices ranging from one platinum to twenty five platinum . You also have a fair amount of decorating options . Not as much as many players would like but fair . Mythic planned to add more features to this expansion but due to loss in server populations they did not continue forward . * Ambiance/Environment - The overall scenery in the game can be breath-taking at times . Even with the adherent graphic chop . Especially the New Frontiers . Which brings me to my final positive note . * Keep Siege - Keep siege on DAoC was absolutely well implemented when first released . The excitement of attacking or defending a keep with siege weapons such as catapults , rams , and boiling hot oil kept you on your toes . You would be sucked into the battle for not knowing that you have been playing for hours . The release of Trials of Atlantis destroyed this aspect of the game to a mere shadow of what it once was . Due to over powered itemization.-More in-depth Negatives - * PvE Dungeon/Environmental - Another downside are the constant bugs with MOBs and Dungeons . Pathing for MOBs is horrid . The will attack you or aggro you through walls , buildings , and even from what seems to be miles away in-game . Causing unnecessary durability loss or frequent experience loss . Most of these bugs have been existent for at least six years without repair . Specifically the dungeons of Darkness Falls and Avalon City . This in my opinion is unacceptable in any current MMO . Stress to a paying customer due to the failure of upkeep is just bad business practices . * Crowd Control - Many new MMOs have figured out that a player wants to be involved in a battle and not mesmerized for at least a minute . Even unbreakable in many situations if you are being attacked . You are just left their helpless . To some extent CC is a must but unbreakable one minute CC is just bad news . The game does have anti CC abilities in place such as Purge and certain ToA items but the minimum Purge ability is a 5 minute cool down which requires several realm levels which equals countless hours to achieve which is not in the cards for a casual gamer . Even hardcore gamers have issues with the CC . The ToA items mostly of a cool down of between 10:00 -15:00 minutes . And with the zerg friendly design you will find yourself in several situations sitting back in your chair picking your nose while getting destroyed by the opposing faction . Many of these CC spells are also instant cast with little or no cool down . * Zerg friendly and pro-group PvP - While there should always be a place for group player vs. player combat in any MMO a game that purposely hinders solo PvP will destroy the game itself in the end . As many of us veteran gamers know . Group PvP can be fun to a extent . Eventually it becomes as repetitive as PvE . Solo PvP is where the true challenge at the end of the day lies . The adrenaline rush of fighting someone 1v1 . Your survival depending on your reflexes and quick thinking . At least this is how it use to be . When MMO 's first came to be solo PvP was prime . Group PvP was thought of as `` easy mode '' by veteran players and it is . The aspect that made group PvP in DAoC worthwhile was keep sieges . Unfortunately many MMOs are turning their backs towards solo PvE/PvP . This is mostly due to different learning curves and abilities of the players themselves . Many in-experienced gamers could not keep up with the reflexes of a veteran gamer . Which is intended - your player vs. player skills come from trial and error . Which means several deaths . New generations of gamers could not handle this . So bonus/magical equipment began to be implemented as a balancing tool for slower players . In the end all this did was make the veteran gamers even more lethal . MMOs then began to implement changes to support group PvP or RvR through skill/reward bonuses to counter act the veterans . This overall was a bad mood . This destroyed games such as Ultima Online and Diablo . Games such as DAoC and WoW have supported solo PvP to a extent knowing this but over the years DAoC has all but eliminated this aspect of game play . WoW , still seems to be the remote haven for solo PvP . Where it is still possible to do it but the options are slowly fading away.Current MMOs did that thinking that it will bolster their player base by eliminating veteran players from the equation but this has actually done the reverse . Eventually everyone gets bored of `` easy mode '' gaming even the younger generations . In the beginning it was all about solo PvP , then came group PvP , and now solo PvP is back on the wish list for the majority of maturing players knowing that it is the most competitive aspect of a MMO and the most thrilling . Games such as WoW and DAoC have suffered huge blows over the past two years because of this and they are still trying to figure out what is going on . Games will never be balanced which is what fails all current MMOs . They are not able to consider this . The closest to balance that a MMO has ever seen was in the beginning , the 1990 's . Where it was skill/reflex based . Not everyone will be able to compete in the end but most will and everyone will have the same chances as the next guy . Gear supplements and group PvP rewards are the very source of imbalance . So they will continue to lose customers until a new MMO finally figures it out . * Customer Service - I am not going to get back into this . My views and accounts from other players have been documented well above . I feel and I know other players feel this as well - I would play a poorly graphical game minus all of the extra 's if I really felt the customer service was there to assist me . This is a make it or break it aspect to me . Mythic and EA fail on all accounts of their customer service abilities . If you are one of those players that are comforted by the fact that the current MMO you are playing is enrolled with the Better Business Bureau -LRB- BBB -RRB- with a relative high rating . Then again DAoC/Warhammer Online or any Mythic affiliated game is wrong for you . Not only are they not a member but they currently hold a `` F '' rating . The lowest amongst all current MMO producers . But do n't take my word for it , feel free to look it up yourself on the BBB website . Here is the link to the Mythic Entertainment on the BBB website . -LSB- ... -RSB- From a overall perspective from a nine year vet of Dark Age of Camelot this makes me very sad . What was once a cutting edge game in graphics , PvP/PvE , and customer service . Has now become comparable to free server games . Mythic/EA have become the arc for graveyard games such as Ultima Online , DAoC , and soon to be Warhammer Online . If they were to overall their Developer/Customer Service staff . As well as upgrade their UI/Engine and improve on PvP/PvE Balancing . This game could easily be competitive again . Even more so then their supposed giant Warhammer online . But it will never happen . RIP DAoC - Hello , World Of Warcraft .
 Dark Age of Camelot is centered around 3 different realms fighting each other . To have fair chance in battle those should have access to similiar combat abilities . Lastest expansion Trial of Atlantis is a very time consuming and bugged piece of you know what . It takes any chance from casual gamer to be competetive or even participating in realm warfare unless he is able to spend literally months in player versus enemy environment -LRB- so he has those fancy new abilities and without them he 'll be on loosing end constantly -RRB- . If newer expansion falls into same category i wouldnt recommend anyone without too much free time on their hands and iron nerves to cope with all the bugs and very poor support to buy it .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The game is slowly losing its player base and I would imagine by the time this money-pit expansion comes out the game will be on the back burner . Keep in mind , you will need the SI and ToA expansions to even be competitive before you even think about this one . Not worth it .
 Look at the review of their horribly-done Trials of Atlantis . You 'll know whether to purchase this or not . Oh , and if you 're a new player , forget about DAOC . It will be 2 years before you 'll have a character that can compete .
 DAoC catacombs is really only for the realm of Albion which makes it a poor choice for 2/3s of the players.Its really dark and filled with skeletons in legioneer armor.Also since it comes with the normal gam , e I think its kind of silly to by it seperate .
 . . what direction Mythic is going with DAOC . They are trying to create ` campfests ' . That is , having you devote hours of steady time to this game . What this does is it forces casual players to leave the game . The subscriber base is dwindling . Players are upset at Mythic . Overall , I think you 'll be much happier with World of Warcraft or Everquest II .
 If you 're going to give this company your hard earned dollars , read what kind of garbage they are putting out . If you 're new , read the reviews and see for yourself . That 's all anyone expects from you . I 'll tell you that many many people are unhappy with Mythic . This expansion looks to be no different . The last 2 expansions Mythic put out , Trials of Atlantis -LRB- retail -RRB- and New Frontiers -LRB- ` free ' -RRB- , have been uniformly detested by their playerbase . 0 for 2 and we 're supposed to trust Mythic ? Never .
 I bought this to help me plan a simple model railroad plan for the basement . The amount of work that it takes just to figure out all of the nodes of this software makes it impractical at best , and a waste of money at worst . In the time that it takes to build this digitally , you could do better to do the planning manually and actually learn more.It is not a game . It is supposed to be a model railroad build software tool of which it is a poor one .
 This does not work with the GBA Micro . It works well going from a GBA SP - > an SP or a DS . There really is n't a reason to have a cable between two DS systems as they have wireless . Really , its a SP - > SP cable with an SP/DS adapter on one end.For what the cable really is , it works well . Sadly , it is n't really what is listed . The item I purchased was from a ` used ' vendor , so your mileage will definitely vary depending on who/when you purchase .
 The shortcuts for emotes is about the best thing this keyset offers , next to toggling on/off UI for ` clean screens ' , all the other shortcut keys on the right hand side could have been better served as shortcuts to either a -RRB- skill use or b -RRB- party member targeting . With this you are left with the top row of numbers -LRB- 1-8 -RRB- to use skills and the mouse for party member targeting , so you might as well use a normal keyboard instead of reprogramming some keys . The right handed movement keys could have been left out as many players opt for the wasd keys and replaced with the 2 aforementioned shortcuts.So all in all only get this if you are a major fan of guild wars and want a pretty keyset .
 This was not what I expected . I bought it for a gift for my brother.When he took the product out of the package , two of the keys fell off and the hinge was boken . I sent it back for a refund , not replacement .
 After playing Shogun Total War this is a big disappointment . With 2-D graphics and just plain boring battle sequences you would be better served buying Shogun Total War MI/WE and getting the patches and map packs and playing online . I will always play a demo first from now on since there were no reviews of this game in here . This lesson cost me $ 10 in shipping/return costs . The still great first edition of Shogun is half the cost of this game and in a completely different league by itself !!! Some like it better than the Warlord Edition .
 Takeda is based on the exploits of Takeda Shingen , a real 16th century Daimyo -LRB- a man with land capable of producing more than 10,000 koku of rice -RRB- who lived in feudal Japan . The country is experiencing violent civil war and Takeda struggles to carve a place for himself and his family in the brutal political climate.Gameplay consists of a very straightforward combat campaign with the focus on tactical battle strategy . As Takeda , you control swordsmen , spear throwers , archers , cavalry , and riflemen -LRB- if you can acquire the firearms technology -RRB- and arrange squads into one of several formations , each with specific functions . For instance , attack formations include the tiger and the snake , while defensive formations feature the half-moon and circle . Battle formations include a center , wings , a reserve , and flanking detachments . You can command troops to move around the battlefield and attack , make them walk or ride faster in an all-out attack , regroup , or retreat if the battle is going badly.Before a battle , you select a formation and place your troops in whatever combination you feel will be most effective for the mission . Typical mission goals involve attacking enemies , cutting down flags , and decimating troops . The terrain changes with each scenario ; some are open battlefields and others have the enemy ensconced behind walls . There are no siege weapons , but troops can be commanded to break down doors and enter the enemy 's fortress.In the beginning , gameplay seems deceptively easy , but as the campaign continues , battles rapidly become more difficult and require extra attention to strategy and tactics . Fortunately , battle length is reasonable since you 're not required to hunt down every last enemy soldier once objectives are met . Between battles , you can choose various actions
 Listed as a strategic game , it only involves tactics . While some of the battles are fun , there are some serious flaws in the game - guns are too effective - able to mow down your mounted samurai with ease . Gunners will stand in and fight toe to toe with the mounted samurai . I wish this game had looked at Shogun to see how they handled some of the tactics of the battlefield . Wait until the game drops to 9.99 . It might be worth a look then .
 Okay , this is the first time I 've had a game that you can not install on either XP Professional or on 2000 Professional . It installs but will not run properly . I have no idea of the problem , but had it examined by our techie and he said it is a problem with this particular game . He tried it on Windows 98 as well and it ran , but very poorly.Sorry , but that is our experience with this particular game .
 they hit like wimps and john madden sounds like an old goose . besides there is no jon kitna frame games in there ! whats up with that !
 I beta tested this game back in March , and it caused me to have violent , uncontrollable outbursts , which continued to happen after I stopped playing the game . I lose control of myself during these `` blackouts '' and have no memory of the violence I 've committed , just what people tell me afterwards . Several other beta testers have been affected this way as well.Since then Sega and Visual Concepts , the companies behind it , have been lying about the dangers of this game and trying to cover up the truth . In a recent memo from Sega , they claim that the occurrence of this `` undesirable effect '' in 0.5 % of the people who play this game is an `` acceptable risk . `` I do n't know about you , but I find the risk unacceptable . To read the full story of my ordeal with this greedy corporation , and to see more evidence of their deceit , visit ... -- and do n't support these liars by buying their game !
 WE NEVER RECEIVED THE GAME ... SO BASICALLY THIS IS THE 2ND ITEM I 'VE PURCHASED AND NOT GOTTEN IT . NOT PLEASED . NOT EVEN A REIMBURSMENT OR ANYTHING . I 'VE E-MAILED , CALLED AND GOTTEN NO RESPONSE . FINDING AMAZON NOT VERY RELIABLE LATELY . SORRY
 Most of the reviews here seem to come from veteran players , so from the perspective of a newbie , I just want to give fair warning . A reviewer below me mentions the steep learning curve , but steep does not describe it ... Sysyphusian would be more accurate.After several hours spent doing the `` tutorial '' , reading the reference guide and the online `` manual '' , I still have no idea how to play this game . Even after all this preperation , I played the QuickGame and just ended up laughing , as I had not the faintest clue what I was doing . I may as well have been just watching real humans play for all the control I had.The developers rightly assumed that most of the folks who purchase this version have also bought and played other football games to death , and designed the game to cater to the veterans . Therefore they have chosen to leave behind those of us who are picking this up for the first time.There is probably a fun game here for those who have invested the time to figure out how it works , but I have little patience for developers who are n't interested in teaching new people how to play .
 First of all , this game 's franchise mode is absolutely terrible compared to madden 's . There is n't even a rookie draft ! I do n't know why the developers did not include a draft but it is absolutely ridiculous . Second of all , the player 's look totally unrealistic their bodies are unporportional and they run like robots . There is no depth chart so if you wanted to put a running back at a wide receiver position you could n't . This game is ridiculously bad . Madden is much better so do n't waste your money on this trash . Madden 2004 is definetely the way to go !
 I 've been looking for a replacement for the EA Sports NHL series . The last few years they 've been coasting . I was anxious to imbrace the newcomer -LRB- SEGA/ESPN -RRB- . There 's only one problem ... the game play . While the additional features in ESPN Hockey are certain to steal away EA Sports fans , the fact is that the actual game play still does n't measure up . The players feel like they are moving across a video screen -LRB- which of course they are -RRB- . The skating feels artifical . The puck movement feels the same way . The game even sounds phony by comparison . While the EA graphics engine definitely took backward steps over the past few years -LRB- 2002 and 2003 practically gave up on the face recognition feature -RRB- , it still beats the hell out of the wall-eyed appearance of the players in the SEGA engine . Sans the actual game play , ESPN 's got EA beat . The vintage mode is something EA Sports fans have been begging for since Gretzky retired . Unfortunately none of the bells and whistles mean anything if the gameplay sucks . If you liked NHL2K3 -LRB- I use my copy as a drink coaster -RRB- , then by all means run out an get ESPN NHL Hockey . I still have n't seen anything that beats NHL2001 ... and I own them all .
 en general ce jeu est quand meme bien fait et parfois amusant mais il y a rien de bien neuf dans le monde du hockey , ce jeu ressemble a pas mal de jeu que j ai deja vu et n apporte pas grand chose de neuf . les graphiques pourraient etre mieux , j ai joue a nhl 2002 sur dreamcast et gamecube et je les prefere a cette version de xbox . l option xbox live semble bien mais le hic c est que les statistiques ne sont pas compilees correctement par xbox live , lorsque l on perd la connection a une partie , l on se vois parfois credite d une defaite ... parfois l on perd la connection et ca peut se produire frequemment . cela m a extremenent decu . ce jeu comporte certaines erreurs de programmation pour ce que est du jeu en ligne . pour ceux qui ne jouent pas en ligne ca pourrais etre pas si mal mais a part ca non . j ai parfois eut aussi des problemes avec le jeu comme parfois il gele meme en mode 1 joueur . je ne le recommanderais pas .
 By far the worst headset I have ever used . The earpiece design is EXTREMELY uncomfortable , I can only have it in my ear for a few minutes before the pain becomes to intense . The actual microphone itself is way too sensitive , it picks up the sound from the slightest motion of your head . If you hate those people that breathe into their mics during games , stay away.If you need a mic for Xbox Live , go with the model with the headpiece that wraps around the back of your head . It 's much more comfortable , and the sound quality is better .
 This product is not for the XBOX it is for the 360 ... and if you get this you will have to find a communicator module , but guess what nobody sells them by themselves .
 When I got this game , I was real happy . I teared out the wrapping paper and started playing.What I found was highly dissappointing.The graphics are not good.I was really mad that I did n't get NBA Live 2004 instead , which is MUCH better -LRB- I played it at my friend 's house -RRB- So I played it a few more times and decided it really was trash.Finally , I went ack to the store and asked if I could return the stupid game and the people let me . I got NBA Live 2004 instead , and I was so much happier . A lot better of a game with 90 % better graphics and more NBA style and entertainment.Don ' t waste your money on some stupid game like this , go buy NBA Live 2004 or NBA Street vol . 2 -LRB- if u really want a basketball games . -RRB- or get Need for Speed Undergroud , which is my most valuable game ... that really rox.PLEASE LISTEN TO ME ... THIS GAME IS NO GOOD !!!
 Wow , i wish i could be playing this game right now but Amazon.com sucks so bad and do n't know anything about when they are getting the game . I ordered the game 12 days ago and still have not got it , the estimated delivery date was the 29th to halloween even though i ordered it the 20th . Amazon is disgusting and horrible and i will never order anything from this website ever again .
 ESPN basketball is one of the worst basketball games I ever played . Everyone thinks sega sports are a lot better but there not . The graphics are not that good and the gameplay is n't that good at all . The crowd looks very unreal and the camera angles in this game are terrible . I recommend getting NBA Live 2004 , which is a lot better . If tou want a real basketball game buy NBA Live 2004 !
 Ok lets get real here . Before you read this please understand that I 've spent an unbelievable amount of time on Sega basketball games in the past . That 's why I know so much about it because I used to play it so much . With that said , it 's obvious that sega sports -LRB- now espn -RRB- was just in a hurry to rush this game out . Your supposed to improve on games not make them worse . Sega 's last title NBA 2K3 was way better than this garbage . They completely overhauled this game just to make it more arcadish . You used to be able to square up and strafe when playing defense by pressing the left trigger ... not anymore . Now it 's impossible to keep anyone out of the paint . You can just run a pick and roll all day . This is why the computer will get 50 assists a game on you . And it ca n't be stopped.Another reason it appears they rushed this game is because there are n't near as many camera angles as there used to be . Now your forced to go with what they have instead of customizing it yourself.The graphics are starting to get cheasy now . The only time the players look good is during cut scenes.The only reason they put the isomotion moves in this game is because they wanted to try to copy NBA Live 2004 which came out first . Your teammates do n't help you rebound . The characters start dribbling between their legs for no reason and wo n't stop , then you turn the ball over . A lot of the NBA players & rookies are missing , and it only allows you to create about 10 players . The game sliders do n't seem to have any affect on the game . I put the shooting sliders down all the way for the computer and they were still hitting shots from all over the place ! When you pass the ball the receiver of the pass jumps up in the air for no reason messing up your offense . When there 's a loose ball , your teammates do n't rush to it , but the computer sure does.Now then , I 'm not here to promote any basketball video game . Personally , I 've tried all the new basketball games , and they all stink ! My advise , wait until next year and see if they improve , because they are not worth your $ $ . But if you must , then NBA 2K2 & 2K3 are still the best . -LRB- Even though there are a few problems with those too , I enjoyed those two a great deal . Peace ...
 I loved 2k3 ! The few things i did n't like about i figured they would fix by 2k4 ... wrong . . They improved the graphics and extras , but the gameplay is awful . You can barely see your players . No matter which few , you can hardly tell who 's who . . Remeber TECMO BOWL FOOTBALL ?? almost the same . . The players also shoot the same form of a shot . I looked forward to this game for a while . . Let down . I guess i will have to try my luck with LIVE !
 I bought ESPN b-ball because NBA live 04 was n't in the store . How I regret my mistake ! The graphics are good , but gameplay is atrocious ! 1 . This game has this many camera angles ... 5 WOW ! And they 're all useless.a.They make all players height way too similar ! I created a 7 6guy , and he looked the exact same as a 6 footer!b . The angles themselves suck because you have behind or junky sideline views with no depth perception ! 2 . Isomotion sucks cuz every time you try to dribble past the guy runs into an invisible wall and steps back , losing the ball . your man can be a whole 2 feet past him and he still stops .3 . 24/7 is a good idea , but espn portrayed it horridly . You start out with the worst possible stats and if you stop playing for a day you lose tons of hard-earned points . Training sucks because you could max your goal and lose the game and not get any points!ESPN is inexperienced with videogames , so stick with NBA live and the people who actually know how to make a good videogame!PS I 'M NOT AN EA PROGRAMMER TRYING TO TRASH THE COMP . -LRB- THIS IS N'T REALLY COMP . but WHAT THE HECK -RRB-
 There are alot of things missing in this game that if they were present , this would be the best game ever . For example , after one of your franchise , all time great players retire , what happens to them ? Nothing !!!! This makes me so mad because what is the point of franchise mode if you ca n't do anything with it ? They outta at least put a Hall of Fame in the game . And they should make it so that the players of your choice will get there jersey retired and will get it retired on the date of your choice . The all star weekend did not have alot of thought put into it . The only thing that you do is play the all star game . Here are the flaws about the rest of the game1 . for the all star game , you play in the same place every year -LRB- staple center -RRB- 2 . jerseys remain the same in the all star game -LRB- they should let you choose to where all star jerseys from the past or let each player where their team jersey -RRB- 3 . no 3 point shootout or dunk contest at the all star game -LRB- but they put the dunk contest in the college game instead of the nba ? That is not right -RRB- 4 . there is no way to keep track of what players have done as far as awards and no way to keep track of when your team won something -LRB- they should present the rings at the first game of the next season if your team wins the championsip -RRB- 5 . If this was a real `` ESPN Presentation '' , than at half time they should review all the best plays so far in the game . If it was a close game at the end , than show the teams trading baskets back and fourth . If it was a blowout , than show the winning team making big plays . They should also discuss the news around the nba -LRB- all star starters , injuries and even suspensions -RRB- 6 . There are missing players from the 90 's teams !!! To name three off my head , Barkley , Jordan and Olajuwan !!! How did that happen ? 7 . Lastly , there are simply not enough items availible at the create a player menu . You use the build skinny geek , they should make hair from the 80 's and 90 's if the make it from the 70 's . They should have style from people like `` nique '' or pippen or mcgrady or kobe not Steve Nash -LRB- yuck !! -RRB- . They should also put in more facial hair features like the people I just mentioned . You also ca n't change a person 's gear during the season . Lastly , they should have at least 120 different type of shoes which mean for different types for every team -LRB- there should two new like shoes and two retro shoes -RRB- These are the many features that I think that should be added to next years game and the ones that will come after that . If not , then I am afraid that this will be a very boring series from here on out . I hope this reveiw will somehow reach Sega .
 Lets just start by saying that i 've been an avid fan of the NBA2K series since day one and never really rated the NBA live series , but i have to be honest and say that NBA live 2004 really made drastic improvements this time and ESPN NBA2K4 is n't really better than NBA2K3 . First of all the commentary sucks and the camera angles are dreadful , its no good improving the graphics if you set the camera so far away you ca n't see the improvements made . it 's always nice to be able to adjust the camera , i dont know why they took this option out .
 OK FIRST OFF EVERY HUMAN THAT HAS PLAYED THE GAME ESPN BASKETBALL -LRB- IF THATSWHAT YOU LIKE TO CALL IT -RRB- HATES THOSE ROTTEN STALE EYE SQUENCHING CAMERA ANGLES.I CANT STAND HOW TRACY MCGRADY LOOKS.HE LIKE A MR. POTATO HEAD . THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME UP CLOSE , BUT FROM A DISTANCE ITS STOMACH CRINGING.COMMENTARY
 The clips from the movie are terrible quality . The graphics are even worse . They look like pictures drawn on construction paper by an 8 year old . The storyline is not in order of how the movie actually happened . I am finding that Disney does not put the quality from their movies into their games .
 Disney could of done better after my daughter played itonce she was done.My 3 yr old niece never wanted to playthe game.Even a 5 year old would be bored by this game
 I bought this game , played it , And did n't play it again . What you do is you control this little guy , and you Jump around the screen and collect items and stuff . You can also Make boxes out of thin air by pressing a button , or you can make them dissappear with the same button . Each level has a key you must collect to open the door to the next level . The are also little Monsters that you can kill by using the box appear thing on them . You can also collect 4 peices of pottery to contain a certain monster that will give you a special ability . It may sound good , but youhave to play it to belive me . If your planning on buying it , do n't , Unless your a REALLY big Monster Rancher fan ! Even if you are , you might not like it !
 Sega 's ESPN NHL Hockey -LRB- 2K4 -RRB- is n't the great hockey game that it was last year . Where it has some good options and unlockables -LRB- great teams from the past -RRB- , the gameplay really hurts one 's ability to fully enjoy the game.Graphically , the game looks a tad bit better than EA 's NHL 2004 . The sounds in the game are n't that great as well as the horrible crowd chants and rink announcer . The only good sounds comes from the play-by-play/color commentating by Gary Thorne and Bill Clement -- which is the best I have ever heard -LRB- they could mention the `` shoulder '' a bit less , though -RRB- . The gameplay is where this game falls behind EA 's NHL 2004 . The animation is smooth , but very slow . Trying to perform a hook , poke check , block shot , etc. are animated so slow , that by the time the move is done -- it 's too late . Minor things like fighting and watching the player skate around can look really bad and silly . Other than that , the action is fierce and quick -- which can be good and bad.Where this game has an advantage over EA 's NHL 2004 is in it 's roster updates via online . EA 's NHL 2004 updates have trades , but never includes rookies or call-ups -LRB- I play as the New York Rangers and they have a rookie , Jed Ortmeyer , who has been with the team pretty much the entire season , and is n't on any EA updates . Granted , he is n't an impact player , but that is just an example of how poorly EA 's roster updates are -RRB- . Sega 's ESPN Hockey updates are true to the game . Every player that has played on an NHL team this season , is in the roster updates -- from one game call-ups , to rookie skaters.So , if you want a hockey game to hold you over until the next hockey season or until the World Cup of Hockey this summer , I would recommend EA 's NHL 2004 over Sega 's ESPN NHL 2K4 Hockey if you want a more realistic game of hockey .
 I was very excited to get this game because I thought last years version was outstanding . The graphics in this years version are incredible , unfortunately the game play is not . Getting to collect a loose puck is time consuming after skating circles around the puck which is right at your feet . Your teammates ' player AI is terrible and you might as well not ever try to pass out with the goaltender as most passes miss intended receivers and go directly to the other team . Ref interference is also idiotic . Keep last years version or wait to see if nhl2004 is actually good .
 First off , let me start out by saying that the online aspect of this game is simply awful . Sega must fix it 's network or else be laughed out of the online business . If you 're used to the smooth play of Madden 2004 online , do n't expect anything close to that w / this game . The play runs very sluggish and freezes often in the middle of a game , it is n't my connection either because many people complain of the same problems.Secondly , 2003 's version had better game play . The checking was better last year , this year 's players move very fast and are difficult to get a good hit on . It is very easy to score on one timers but nearly impossible to score w / slap shots . They got rid of the slide move that you could do to block shots also for some odd reason.All in all you 're better off staying with 2003 and trying out NHL 2004 by EA Sports , they probably have a better online network .
 I am so pissed I bought this piece of garbage . Sega still does n't get the concept of making the levels gradually more difficult . instead Im treated with NHL HITZ type play . Or I get smoked . There are things to unlock as well , like jerseys and teams which is cool but , No Hartford Whalers love ? Very sad , Considering every other team that has existed is represented in some form . Unlocking things can be a chore though , and it does take a while . Good points include the Air hockey feature in the skybox . Outstanding graphics but that 's about it Deeking is difficult.Fighting is worthless , jerky and almost worth skipping altogether . Kind of like this game . For it 's few good points it has about 5 bad ones that pop up . This game just sucks .
 It 's been a while since the online play has worked correctly . The gameplay itself is great . By far the best available , but SEGA needs to get their network fixed .
 The game has a few bugs in it . There were times when it announced the right score , but the numbers were posted for the wrong teams and vise versa . AND !!!!! I was forced to play 7 games for the championship because the software kept switching the scores . Though I won all 7 games , according to the game , I only won 3 .
 After playing live 2003 I could n't belive how bad the graphics are on espn . The players are so small and rigid . I got my system hooked up to my widescreen and I can barely see the players . In live 2003 the players are bigger and look like the actual NBA player . It even has the mannerisms down too . For example playing Jordan is like you are Jordan . From the shooting style to when lands from a dunk , it looks just like him . The play control reminds me of the old Lakers vs Celtics game on the Sega Genesis . It is really hard to move around the court and get to the paint . When I try using the crossover button I end up getting a charge even though I 'm standing still and just pushing the circle button . The games are pretty close until the last 2 minutes of the 4th quarter when the computer gets incredibly hot and you are unbelievable cold . For instance , I was the Kings playing the Lakers . I controlled the whole game then around 2 minutes I ca n't make lay ups or dunks while the computer is making impossible shot and getting every offensive rebond no matter how many guys I have blocking out . VERY FRUSTRATING !!! I have n't played live 2004 yet but live 2003 was fun as hell .
 I am utterly dissapointed in this game . The controls are too picky , passing is a pain , 24/7 mode is a rip off from EA Sports , and is extremely boring anyway , the dunks do n't look that great , rather kind of cheesy in my opinion , and the music is so annoying you have to have the volume muted . Not to mention if you try a spin move , or juke , expect a charge call no matter what you do . I was really looking forward to ESPN NBA Basketball , and ended up wasting $ 50.00 on a pitiful product .
 I do n't understand how any of you people would say that ESPN Basketball was a good game . First of all the difficulty settings do n't even serve a purpose . there just there to look good because its all the same difficulty level . the graphics are the only things that are good in this game but too bad you cant see them during the game because the camera settings are garbage . theres like 5 different angels and 4 of them are from the sidelines . the 24/7 mode is cleaver but also very tough to beat . For a person who doesnt play every minute of his life like me , it is too hard . I get to playing ps2 once a night and i dont like how hard it is to get used to the controls . I am an EA gamer because the controls are easy and you are more in control . this whole isomotion thing is trash . i cant control my player because hes still in that 15 second crossover that sends him in the wrong direction and eventually gets the ball stolen or i charge the defender . speaking of defender , this AI is impossible to get . where ever you go he goes there is no escaping him . Now im stuck with ESPN Basketball . I shouldnt have listened to the guy that sold it to me . Very disappointed .
 EPSN NBA BASKETBALL IS ONE THE WORST SPORTS GAMES IN TERMS OF GAMEPLAYING . WHEN I WAS PLAYING THE GAME , I HAD A HARD TIME TO PRESS MY BUTTONS TO PLAY . I BELIEVE THIS WOULD HAPPEN TO WHO HAVE PLAYED THE GAME . THE GAMEPLAY IS THE WORST , SAME AS THE PREVIOUS VERSION . THE GRAPHICS IS BAD TOO . THANK GOD I RENTED THE GAME FROM BLOCKBUSTER TO PREVENT FROM RIPPING OFF . IF YOU WANT TO PLAY A REAL QUALITY BASKETBALL GAME , TRY NBA LIVE 2004 . I HEARD THAT IT 'S PRETTY COOL . I AM NOT TRYING TO PROMOTE EA SPORTS TO YOU . BUT IF YOU HAD PLAYED NBA LIVE 2003 , YOU KNOW WHAT I AM SAYING .
 At first the game seemed fun , and the 24/7 looked interesting , but as I played more and more , I just got really frustrated . I 'll just talk about the training in 24/7 - it 's impossibly difficult . Sometimes you are required to do a certain thing many times in a row , for instance , layup , but you can hit all the right buttons and the guy just wo n't do it , then you have to start over -LRB- think about the frustration when you have only one more to go but fail the last time -RRB- . Sometimes you run or jump for a rebound , the timing and direction are all right , but the ball would hit your guy 's head and bounce off -LRB- it looks so stupid -RRB- , then your opponent gets it . Spin/crossover are useless , your opponent can steal your ball everytime you try . Guarding people ? Good luck ... your character constantly slips or gets knocked down and there 's nothing you can do about it . They move REAL SLOW too !! turbo does n't make them move any faster . The only easy thing is to block your opponent , but that means you get blocked all the time too . I think Sega wanted to make it `` realistic , '' but it turned out really bad . 24/7 is a great idea , but you ca n't use the character you create to play in a real game , and the training sucks -LRB- real-time sucks even more ! I mean what 's the idea ? do I have to play game all the time like I have no life ? -RRB- . In short , good idea , but horrible game .
 Dont waste ur money ... Sega cant compete with Easports at all . The graphics are terrible , the camera angles r horrid , the isomotion mode causes u 2 charge in2 the defender 9 times out of 10 , and the i cant reli figure out hw 2 change the length of the quaters . Nba live isnt perfect but it is certainly better than this game . the only reason y i gave this game even 1 star was because it reli looks like an espn game and the nightly wrap up thing is pretty cool . This is a waste of 50 bucks ! I havent tried the 24/7 mode but i hate how its in real time . i dont play ever second of life so how am i goin 2 accomplish nything in this mode ?!?!?!?!? Overall this game is something u dont want 2 have spent $ 50 on .
 I 'm not sure where to begin with this deadful game.I played Live 04 and was pleased , great graphics , easy to control , however this simulation stats and rating attributes were upsetting . So I bought ESPN , and man , am I upset . The graphics on this game are not too far up from Dwouble Dwibble . The game play and camera angles are the worst I have ever seen and the player motions and animation are Horrid -LRB- except in the instant replay which gamers never use -RRB- ! I tried to bring this game back but was n't able to because I already opened it . Nothing will please me more than to burn it , which I am about toi do now . If you are all about simulations without playing a game than this is for you . However if you love actually playing games - DO NOT buy this game . Oh yeah , EBX changed its policy and it is now impossible to bring back a game , so once you have it , your stuck .
 I bought this game with very high expectations . But to my disappointment this game was a joke . The best quality for this game was the graphics . The players looked very sweet , but that does not make up for the other garbage this game had . I have loved the 2k series since it came out . Unfortunetly the games for basketball have progressively gotten worse . NBA 2k1 is the best by far . since then the basketball series has gone down hill . Back to 2k4 , the biggest problem i found was the camera angles . you can barely adjust them . there is no zoom feature . that was really frustrating cuz it seemed that the hoop was 300 feet away . it was very hard to tell if you made or missed a shot . rebounding was difficult and the overall gameplay was down over the last couple of years . this game was definetley overrated by earlier critics . i expected this game to be similar to last years with the problems they had fixed . They may have been somewhat fixed but they fell in more important areas of this game . as a person who loves basketball games do n't waist your money on this . i recommend getting NBA live 2004 . It is much improved over last years game . Live is definetly better than NBA 2k4 this year . It has the potential of being a better game than any of the previous 2k series . The only game that is better than Live 2004 for basketball has been dreamcast 's game 2k1 . Definetly rent 2k4 before you buy it , because you might find out how disapointing it really is . Compare 2k4 with Live 2004 and see how Live is a better game this year . Hopefully next year ESPN will get their head in the game and make a game that will make all basketball fans happy .
 This game certainly has potential but there are just too many bugs for it to be consistently fun . After playing it for just a day it has frozen up multiple times . I got another copy of the game and it also froze up.The Legacy mode also has some irritating bugs . For instance , the computer will automatically sign four 69 PGs to your team every offseason after the second season . This means that if you have a 5 Star PF wanting to sign with you , there may not be room because of the 69 PGs.Another annoyance is that ESPN forces you to control player movement with the analog stick . I switched off of the NBA Live series because of this same issue . Why ESPN NBA lets you choose if you want to use the analog and College Hoops does not , is a mystery.It is obvious that the game was rushed to market before Christmas and it really suffers for it . A potentially great game that has some serious flaws .
 This , by far , is the worst game I have ever played . The camera angles are so bad that you ca n't even tell what is going on , and the players look like they are made out of rubber . Also , when a player dunks the ball , his hands do n't come within 3 feet of the rim , which makes the dunk contest mode a complete waste of time . Anyone who thinks that this game is good should have their I.Q. tested . I , as as a long time videogame player , have one thing to say
 This game is quite possibly the worst game I have ever purchased . I had been searching for it since its release and finally was excited to have a copy of my own.That joy quickly turned into anger and disappointment within 30 hours . The game froze on me three times in those first 30 hours . This game is not worth even $ 10 . If you want a basketball game , you should grab ESPN NBA Basketball ... although I wo n't be buying any Sega Sports game for a long time after being had like this .
 ESPN and Sega changed the name of the game , they changed the interface , they changed the coverboy . They , however , did not change the gameplay . This game lacks movements , realism , and the depth that Madden 2004 has . I just do n't think that as many improvements were made from NFL 2K3 as should have been made . The game was -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- after a month of availablty . I would n't be surprised to see the same thing here . Sorry ESPN , maybe you should have teamed up with EA , a proven winner .
 I hate this game . I cant stand it . If you want a football game get madden ! This game is hard and not fun and the graphics arent so great . so dont get it now .
 This game isnt terrible , but it is not even close to madden and never will be . Madden is way more realistic . This game is just too slow and cheesy to be real . Like i said its not a bad game but they might as well call it smadden because this is just a rip off of madden .
 Ah , the long standing debate ... Madden or 2k4 -LRB- ESPN -RRB- ... While ESPN is a very fun game it 's just ridiculous . WHen ever you try to run you 're thrown over a deffender as he tackles you and gain an additional 6 yards !!! So I run and get 2 yards and wind up with 8 ! While that 's good for your stats there is no realism . I could understand every once in a while but not all the time . The animations are good but the players look very odd . Maybe the faces are good but they run very awkwardly and it looks silly . The presentation is great with Chris and ESPN doing the talking . I really do n't understand why everyone is raving about this game , I have both Msdden and ESPN and still adore Madden . A lot of people say it 's impossible to run in Madden and here 's my advice ... USE YOUR BLOCKERS !!! Quit trying to run around the line of scrimmage ! I have NO PROBLEMS running in Madden and have broken for two 75 yard touchdown runs with James on the Colts ... And he 's an 88 rating ! Anyway , these people saying people who buy Madden cause the TV said so ... Um how about I bought it cause it 's better than ESPN . ESPN , still a good game but Madden wins out . And that 's all I have to say about that .
 i have been a diehard madden fan since as long as i can remember . i then heard about espn nfl football . i decided to go rent it after hearing some excellent reviews . one word . terrible . the only things that were better about it than madden were the more realistic tackles and the excellent comentating . other than that it sucked . when running , you run on a fixed line . for example you can only run at a certain amount of degrees while in madden the running lines are infinite . o ya and another thing the charge up moves are gay . that is so stupid . in real football you arent running and all of a sudden you think , ok time to charge up for a power juke !!! so anywho , madden is clearly better .
 This game is great until you run into roster bugs . Make a change to your line-up and you run a 75 % chance of losing a player and filling his spot with a duplicate of another . Very frustrating .
 I was so excited to get this game because my friend had the snes version but i didnt have snes so i got btn for ps and its great the first day u play it but after that its soooo boring ! I cant grow the plants every time i do they dont fully develop or die when they are developed all the way . You do the same things all the time talk , walk , take care of farm and animals , try to woo a girl which is so hard . The festivals are way to hard to win i would not reccomend this unless ur ALL about farming .
 My friend is wait for his game . He has been waiting for it for awhile now and I see that other people has gotten theirs . I will give a good review after my friend gets his product . I ca n't type a review , we have n't recieved it yet .
 this game is suppose to be fun ? your run around playing on your fake little farm . then u try to court girls in a virtual simulation ? um stupid ... waste of time . dont buy unless you like farming for some odd reason .
 This game is really boring . The plot is to run around as this little kid as u try to run a farm . Oh wait it gets better you have a dog , i mean wow ingenious . It does n't get much better from there . The graphics are average the story well i dont think there is one and the premise . . stupid . Buy only if u think your a farmer or something .
 This Microsoft Entertainment pack is good , but the first one is better , also i wouldent buy it because you can download or play the games for free on the internet so you'ed be best of not to buy this item
 This game is terrible , Robotech Battlecry was a better game than this . The visual quality was bad , the gameplay was uninspiring . I am a big Robotech Fan , watched it as a kid on TV , I own the TV series but this game does n't live up to it . Its incredibly boring . If you are looking for a shooter move onto to anything else . If you want a Robotech Game buy Battlecry . Or watch the shows and use your imagination ! You 'd probably have a better time .
 This product should n't be on the market any more .
 I do n't know how to begin describing what a total waste of time and money this product is . First , the games require that you set your display to 256 colors . This is 1989 technology and it shows . The dictionary has at most maybe 100 words in it and it 's just a plain ASCII text list that pops up , not even a real dictionary . The pronunciation guide is a dirt simple text paragraph about long and short vowel sounds , it has nothing to do with how to pronounce any single word.This program is total trash . I 'd be embarrassed to give it away . Either the producers at Simon & Schuster never even looked at this product or they do n't care how they get your money . I 'm astonished that any responsible manager would let something this awful onto the market bearing the company name . I 'll sure never buy anything released by Simon & Schuster after this .
 I do n't know how to begin describing what a total waste of time and money this product is . First , the games require that you set your display to 256 colors . This is 1989 technology and it shows . The dictionary has at most maybe 100 words in it and it 's just an plain text list that pops up , not even a real dictionary . The pronunciation guide is a dirt simple text paragraph about long and short vowel sounds , it has nothing to do with how to pronounce any single word.This program is total trash . I 'd be embarrassed to give it away . Either the producers at Simon & Schuster never even looked at this product or they do n't care how they get your money . I 'm astonished that any responsible manager would let something this awful onto the market bearing the company name . I 'll sure never buy anything released by Simon & Schuster after this .
 So the visuals are crisp , but there is another aspect to experiencing these classic games , and it 's called Audio!Actually it 's only Gauntlet II and the video clips provided for certain games that I 'm writing about , because the other games seem to be pretty fair . I was excited to get this title for both of these things , and was quickly disappointed with the muffled and scratchy sounding audio coming from it . The video clips are terrible , you can understand about half of what they are saying . You 'd certainly expect a little more from a Dolby Digital audio output . It simply should n't have been released until the audio was up to par.So once again , I 'm limited to playing Gauntlet II through MAME on PC , where the audio is flowing crystal clear like it was intended to be . Gauntlet II really does have some incredible sound effects , and it 's a shame that it is hampered by this half-assed effort.Also , Hard Drivin ' is extremely shaky , still playable , but not as enjoyable as it could be . A company released Race Drivin ' , the sequel , which includes the single track from this game and many more to the Sega Saturn in Japan nearly 10 years ago and I have it , and can tell you it is alot better port than this one , it also included a `` remixed '' version with interesting music and more in depth graphical backgrounds such as waterfalls and mountains to see.P.S . Why did they once again skip Moon Patrol & Burgertime ? These games are essential where many on this compilation are unheard of ...
 While it was great to play some of these old games , I was very disappointed with the fact that some of the games did n't work . Also , some of them were supposed to be 2 - 4 player games , but only the 1 player version was available . It made for a quite frustrating experience . If the games would work as advertised , it would be great .
 Midway has officially changed the title lineup on this collection , show your anger and write them a bad review !!!! THEY REMOVED STUN RUNNER , STEEL TALONS , and the original MORTAL COMBAT ... Once again , the only way to play STUN RUNNER at home LEGALLY , NO MAME , is to buy an Arcade JAMMA , or the only console version , which is pretty good , ATARI LYNX ...
 Warning , this is does * NOT * work on the Xbox 360 ! I saw a recent nostalgia article on several of the games , and picked up this collection expecting to play it in emulation mode on my 360 , and it does work . Now to drag the xbox out of the closet ...
 The game play on the PS2 version of this game was incredibly disappointing . The graphics are also a bit dated . There is just nothing about this game that makes it worth buying -- or even playing . If you want a great shooter that is just fun to play , stick with `` Black . ''
 Believing I was going to get a bit better picture from these cables to play Smash Brothers Brawl I got the colors washed down.I changed the settings to 480P , re checked all cables in proper spots , and all else . The sharpness did improve a bit however the colors were so washed out . Whites looked grayish.I popped in the original cables that came with the Wii and the colors popped up beautifully again . I am assuming I must have received a defective product . White colors should be white - not gray ... Question - when I chose the 480P and wide screen settings - not sure why the Smash Bros Brawl game stayed in the square se3tting . . I though it was supposed to use up the whole wide screen . I made all necessary changes to the tv , console , game to use the wide screen 480P method . Who knows.I 'll be asking for Amazon to re send me new ones however ca n't recommend because they 're totally useless .
 This cable DOES NOT WORK when you try to play games dowloaded from nintendo wii 's site as advertised that it would play all formats . Screen stays black and pauses when you try to use this set of cables , seems only set that works is the one that comes with the wii system . Seems like I was the guinea pig ... . Did Not Work . I tried it on Toe jam and Earl and Zelda 1 from NES and Sega Respectively ...
 I was told by the manager in the EB Games store near me that this item was not necessary for my HDTV . He said they had the TV in the store hooked up to the system and it was not a noticeable difference . I do n't know if that would be true for other HDTV 's but mine works fine without it , , , I just figured it might be even better but i 'm not missing anything .
 My complaints have nothing to do with the quality of this cable but with the `` component '' image you receive when turning on progressive scan on the Wii . In my opinion while the image may be a little sharper on my 42 inch 720p capable display it actually looks worse than interlace because of the pixilation you can now see .
 I would love to be able to use these without having to unplug my Cable TV on my HDTV . We have been able to get no support from the cable company on a splitter or how to use these.The company , seems like a decent company and I would look to them to buy other items , and I have to admit , I have NOT contacted them for support on this product , but at this point , this product sits on a shelf collecting dust because it 's a major waste of time and energy , to move our 37 '' tv every time we want to Wii in HD ... When you work over 50 hours a week , and just want to Wii for a few hours when you get home , it 's too much of a hassle .
 I used my SDTV 's component video input with my Nintendo Wii connected via this MadCatz cable . Using this cable provided a significant increase in picture quality over the standard composite video cable however , the connectors are a little on the cheap side . The wire itself is also a rather flimsy high gauge . After about a month of use , the Cb cable developed a short . I 've never seen a cable fail like this without being tampered with in some way.This MadCatz component cable is not the best solution available for the Wii . I recommend the Nintendo 's own component cable . It 's more robust and delivers good performance for the price .
 This cable says it is for the Wii which is why I bought it , the color codes do not match my tv and there is no instructions on how the cable should be connected , I would not buy a cable like this again from Amazon
 These cables did n't really improve the picture after I upped the Wii 's settings . In fact the text was worse . So even if the picture is better , the text was n't . Save your money and just buy a new game .
 With proper settings enabled the cable increases the refresh rate of the picture and looks nicer . However , over random periods of time , the cable will cause the screen to appear in a green shade or hue . The only way to fix this is to completely unplug the cable and replug all of the components . During this time , the sound also becomes distorted . Its like it switched one of the color channels with on of the sound channels.Besides turning the screen green , which is making me buy another cable , the construction of these seems semi-durable . The only thing I do n't like about it is the RCA plugs do n't hold as well as standard ones .
 The product worked out of the box and then died a couple of months later . And yes everything in the media center is surge suppressed and there was no trauma to account for the failure . I ended going back to the standard cables and have n't decided my next move . Will try and figure out how to get the cables replaced by MadCatz .
 Cable no good out of the box . The picture looked greenish-blue , which made me think the red component cable did not work . Upon testing , the red cable has not signal . I had to return the cable .
 I recently purchased these cables and I can tell you that the Wii looks better with the regular A/V cables they come with . I was very disappointed with the quality of these cables and look forward to actually getting another set of component Wii cables from a different manufacturer . These cables produce heavy vertical banding and actually wash out all of the colors .
 Poorly shielded , and the cable I received was defective . It completely washed out the colors in the picture , and anything that was supposed to be gray displayed as pink . Spend a little more money on better cables if you want better picture quality .
 Good packaging , good cable length . I plugged it into my component input and adjusted the Wii to 480p . I noticed something bad . Vertical scrolling from some interference . The cables are just not shielded enough to prevent interference from the back of the TV . I had to rearrange the cables for over an hour to get the verticle scrolling ` waves ' to appear as minimal as possible . I was finally able to eliminate them , though at times I still feel like there is a slight shimmer , but whatever.Would probably be better to spend the $ $ and get the official Nintendo cable .
 The cables never quite worked . The color would go to blue or gray very often . The connection to the back of my TV was never snug . I used them for a weekend and they have been sitting in a box ever since . I ended up going to Target and spending $ 25 on Monster cables and they are working great . Lesson learned - you get what you pay for .
 I did not have a good experience with this brand . The picture was bad , lines all through the picture . Sound was very fuzzy/buzzing . I am returning for the Wii brand.The cables were hooked into the TV where the PS3 had been connected previously , so I know it was n't the TV .
 Was really excited about these cables . My son and I were playing Super Mario brothers when about 20 minutes into the game the ` red ' disappeared from the screen . I unplugged the cable from the Wii and plugged back in and it fixed it for about 3 minutes , repeated this several times . Finally got tired of this and plugged in the original RCA cable that came with it and no issues . When it was working the picture was definitely clearer . In good faith I am requesting a replacement . Everyone gets a lemon from time to time .
 I have to say that I am reviewing this game without having played much of it . Upon first seeing the game , the graphics stood out as pretty decent . But once I realized that the movement was as slow as a snail caught in quicksand , I could n't play any longer . You can double tap up on the left joystick to sprint , but it felt cumbersome to do . Going backwards while getting your a !! shot off feels like a Max Payne slow-mo death trap where the enemies have all the advantages of real-time . I understand the developers wanted a sense of realism , but my 100 year old granny can walk faster than this ... even with a loaded diaper . And these companies wonder why their games do n't sell as well as the Call of Duties out there . Maybe if you got some gamers to play test your game and give you some feedback on what stinks , then you might make a good game . Thanks for nothin '
 After hearing good things about this game , I finally decided to buy it , and it was one of the worst mistakes I 've made in a long time . Let me start by saying that action games , specifically shooters , are by far my favorite genre . Some of my recent favorites are Killswitch , Rainbow Six Vegas , Sniper Elite , Fear , Condemned , Project Snowblind , Prey and Nightfire just to name a few . Basically , I 've been playing FPSs since Medal of Honor on PS1 and SOF on PC , so inexperience is not the reason I dislike this game.This game is just terrible as a whole . The graphics are abysmal , the gameplay is not challenging or fun , the sound is bad , plus there is zero originality . This game has no redeeming factors , and this is coming from a legitimate fan of the genre . The guns look terrible , the squad controls are weak , and the levels are uninspired . I just ca n't think of anything good to say about this game . The second you get past the menus and the gameplay starts everything just keeps getting worse and worse . The only people who I can see defending this are people that tested it or kids who do n't know better.If you want a good action game , play any of the ones I listed , all of them are $ 10 or less now , and it 's the best time to pick them up if you have n't already . This game is a total failure , and anyone who says otherwise simply has n't played any good shooters . Try Rainbow Vegas or Global Operations -LRB- A PC classic -RRB- if you want a good counter-terrorist experience . Even the port of Counter Strike on Xbox is more fun than this trash , and that 's saying something .
 You ca n't jump , you fellow marines ' AI is annoying as hell : `` I ca n't reach the destination . '' `` I ca n't reach the destination . '' `` I ca n't reach the destination . `` Why ? Because -- oh my God -- there 's a stray beer can in the way that they ca n't jump over . The movement is slow , the graphics play is loser-like , and the enemy is ridiculous . You do n't get a backup weapon like a pistol or anything . This game is a total waste of $ 35 . DO N'T buy it .
 I heard so many rumors about this game , and it was so talked up by everybody I knew , and it suposedly got good reviews , so I bought it in quick anticipation of what I thought would be a thriller . THIS GAME SUCKS ! I mean nothing will ever compare to Full spectrum warrior , and who argues with that other wise is a moron , the game play is so slow , and I hated the way you control your team . I could go on forever , but I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 Here is the formula : Full Spectrum Warrior - everything good + a slow 1st person shooter with blocky movements = Close Combat
 First to Fight is so confusing . the sight is too small and the people are too hard to see
 Easily said that this could quite possibly be the worst game on the market.This game is just so lame , yeah I love the war genre just as much as the next person , but this game I think makes a complete mockery of any military shooters out there that are actually GOOD , like full spectrum warrior , I think that beats the hell out this FPS , in the add for ths thing it said it was so realistic that the marines use it as a traing tool , yeah they use it alright thats the reason they are getting shot!Moving on to the review.Nice graphics , character models in particuler.the weapons are realistic yet corny , and the controls in the game are some of the worst in years , look steer clear of this one OK?you wont regret it.and one more thing this things multi player is in its own geeky way fun , hah just kidding it sucks , thanks for reading this and I hope it was helpful to you if not Im really sorry , look for my other reviews trust me you cant miss them , hope they are helpful too if you ever find them !
 I am 0352 US MArine and this game in no way represents reality by any means . every review that i have seen to date show me that this game SUCKS !!!!
 First of all i am 15 years old -LRB- 16 in october -RRB- not 12 , i just do n't feel like registering right now.When i first heard about `` First to Fight '' and saw the previews and screen-shots i was very exited , as i am an avid tactical shooter fan.The ads and previews said it was a sqaud based shooter , with a new `` phycology '' AI -LRB- artificial inteligece -RRB- system in place to help your sqaud , and enemy OP-FORS act and react more realisticly to the chaos of war.I thought cool , another ghost recon/rainbow six , one shot one kill , instant death , tactical kind of games.NO.The manual talks about setting up ambushes , use stealth , and breaking the ememy 's will to fight.But is -LRB- alost always -RRB- imposible to do these things because almost everthing is scripted.For example : After pain-staikingly clearing out a road full of angry malitia-men , you move on to the target buiding father down the road only to cross an invisible line , triggering a mob of OP-FORS that swarm you from all directions leaving you to fight off the mob by yourself while your stu ... uh i mean mentally challenged , team mates -LRB- ahem -RRB- just stand around and take pot shots like untrainded amnesia ridden fools who have never seen an m-16 in there lives.Squad commands are almost imposible to coordinate because you have to be able to see an enemy to order supression fire from your team.And while you have your crosshair on the target 's head why not just shoot , instead of asking one of you `` elite '' sqaud members to do it?On the plus side the Sound is very good.Gun shots are loud and crisp , explotions sound cool , and the music is good.The controls are decent , very playable and easy to use.I you push the thumb-stick forward all the way you will walk at a slower pace that allows you to aim better -LRB- This is usefull for clearing streets -RRB- if you tap the thumbstick forward twice , your charecter will run fast with his gun down , and you will not be able to shoot.The graphics are bland and empty , there is little imersion in the game.This is 2005 , games should be looking better than this , Halo proved that in november of 2001.Pros-good physicsgreat sound designdecent storycool intropick up and play controlsroom takdowns are effectiveCons-Horible AIBland graphicsNo mission listheavilly scriptedall-around , not funIf you like medal of honor , or shadow ops , then you might want to give this game a rental and just play run and gun without your lame sqaud , for the rest of you i recommend that you steer clear of this one.joseph -
 This game totally -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It 's all jaggy and the controls are slow . There is n't even anything remotely close to a story behind it . In fact if it did n't have liner notes I would n't know why anyone fought . There are n't any movies at the end or anything . Basically there is n't any reason at all to play this game . Tekken tag and DOA2 are WAY better ...
 I am a huge Virtua Fighter fan , and playing this game is really depressing . Ive been playing virtua fighter 1 2 and 3 for almost my whole life , and I 'm 16 now . But this game really did blow . The game play is not at all like 1 , 2 , and 3 . The backrounds were depressing to look at , maybe this game was good in the arcade , ive never played it in the arcade before.The graphics were seriously horrible , the reason why I gave it 2 stars is because the close up 's were really good graphic wise . The reason why so many people gave it 5 stars is because they never even played this game on the playstation 2 . So if you only played a video game in the arcade , or have n't played a video game before do n't write about it , i ca n't stand kids like that get a life !
 there is absolutely no story line ! there is only one secret character to unlock!this game does n't even go par with Tekken 4 -LRB- great game Tekken 4 is ! -RRB- you are trapped in a little box or your on a little spuare where you always get ring-out . you get to get items to put on your character but , that makes them look ugly .
 No wonder wwhy this game went to greatest hits so quick.Their are no story lines , confusing moves , and it is practically impossible to beat the game on Kumity mode . If you like fighting games , Get Tekken Games .
 I have a Dreamcast with Soul Calibur and was hoping VF4 would hold me over till Soul Calibur 2 . Big disappointment . I guess it 's an okay fighter -LRB- not a huge fighter fan -RRB- , but compared to Soul Calibur it 's :1 -RRB- Too slow2 -RRB- Not very flashy . The graphics are n't quite as smooth as the ones on the Dreamcast .3 -RRB- Less intuitive.I was expecting more based on all the reviews I read . VF4 just does n't cut the mustard . For instance , the characters take up the whole freaking screen . Leaves less room to manuever around leg attacks.On the plus side , the AI mode is cool . Making your own fighter would be a great add on for Soul Calibur.I wish I had waited for Soul Calibur II .
 This is by far one of the cheesiest fighting games that I have played . It is the exact same game as any other Virtua Fighter , it simply has more characters . It is exceptionaly frustranting because it does not let you continue after you lose to Doral . If it takes you a half hour to get to the Bonus stage and you get your clock cleaned in two rounds you have to start over from the beginning . If you like to play a game that lacks in challenge until you fight in the Bonus Round than this is the game for you .
 This game -LSB- is smelly -RSB- ! Of course the magazines hyped it up ! And it ai n't nuttin ' but hype ! Pure Hype ! Hypenomics ! The gameplay has a lazy feel to it . The colors are n't visually fit for anything.Ugly ! Please I bought this game and had to suffer as the game magazines hyped me up to the extent of buying . I felt dejected and disappointed as this game has nothin ' to offer ...
 This game -LRB- stinks -RRB- ! It is so easy and the graphics are n't that good , I even beat this game on very hard . ...
 I amdit , I am new to the Virtual Fighter series and after playingVF4 I do n't see what the big hype is about this game . First of all , I played Sarah Bryant and I creamed everyone in the arcade mode with a simple punch combo . The fighters are almost predictable and the moves were almost similar . The last level boss of the arcade mode looks like a liquid terminator with breast and the sad thing is you only get one crack at this dude.Now I played alot of fighting games and this guy is n't hard as M. Bison for Street Fighter , or True Ogre from Tekken , or Tengu from Dead or Alive.You would think after fighting your way through 12 fighters youwould get more than one shot at the last boss to at least get a feel about what this guy is all about ...
 This game has many flaws in my opinoin . But before I start complaining let me start with what I think is good about this game . I think the graphics and lighting effects are very good and may beet out tekken and soul blade . Some of the moves are cool when executed , and although i have n't played it I think the multiplayer will also be very good . Now what I do n't like . The fact there 's only three real action buttons , guard , punch , and kick , does n't make for a real exciting fighting engine unlike tekken or soul blade . And although some of the moves are cool looking , most are sub-par . Most of the characters fighting engines are pretty much the same . And now my biggest complaint . You can only gain one new character . Now I do n't know what everyone else plays fighting games for but I play them to win things . The only game that I can remember that does n't have many people to win is Soul Blade which still remains at the top of my fighting games list , because it has weapons , I meen come on weapons rule . While tekken tag starts with many characters to start with and many more to win , when you only have one character to gain from a game it 's pretty pathetic . Anyways that 's my opinoin and it does n't seem to be the same with many others so I say rent it and decide for yourself .
 It seems the only purpose this game was created for was so the company could make more money . There is absolutely nothing new with this game . It 's pretty much of the same old thing , and this game gets boring rather quick . Just skip this one , there is always hope for Mortal Kombat
 Today , I went to the nearest Hollywood Video to look for a game to rent . I saw Virtua Fighter 4 and said , ` Wow , it 's here . This is supposed to be great . '' I took it home , played it for fifteen minutes with my brother and shut it off . OK , maybe 20 minutes . But still , I do n't like it because , unlike Dead or Alive the fighters move soooo slow . I mean sure , they can dodge and do moves fast . But the combos are hard and they -LSB- stink -RSB- . Plus , the graphics are weird . Yes , they are good , but weird at the same time . In Dead or Alive the characters could do back flips and spins and about six punches and kicks in the same combo but it 's not like that in VF4 . I do n't see why it got such a good rating . It has no story , the training mode is bad , and the acting is cheesey ...
 this game is so bad i 'm almost sick . take my advice dont wast your time with this and buy tekken 4 .
 I was expecting a much better game , especially after all the hype this game recieved . I play fighting games a lot , in my opinion this game was too slow , and the fighting just did not flow like i expected it to . ... Yes I like Tekken and have played 4 in the arcades , and it was more fun to play and have to pay ... to play then have payed ... for VR4 and having it stinking up my game cabinet .
 I consider my self an expert fighting game player , having played many generations of many different games . Although I like the look of the game , and the graphics were a great improvement . the game play was way to difficult for most players . In fact I feelthat the fighting engine is the biggest drawback in the game . Moves and combos are to difficult the execute . An engine with a simpler input interface like any of the Tekken games would have served this game well .
 This game is sooooo boring ! The kumite mode goes on forever and you do n't get anything ! The characters are okay and so are the arenas , but they could be a lot better .
 I 've been a fan of the Virtua Fighter games since the original arcade , this one the took a sorry jump into left field . multilevel fighting stances ... kewl but not effective with the Virtua Fighter title . The graphics were among the best I 've seen in fighters but I was just not impressed with the way that they tried to make Virtua Fighter into Tekken . If you 're a fan of tekken style fighters you might want to check it out but if I want tekken I 'll go with Tekken not Virtua Fighter . What can I say I like the orginal Virtua Fighter -LRB- s -RRB- and it is my belief that they bombed the series with the changing of the fighting system .
 yaaa , i dont ... fighting games dont entertain me for long ... probaly because i never have anybody to play them with . . i played this game by myself but could never figure out how to work the ai thingy ... i tryed and tryed . . never could figure it out ...
 ok , before i get started on hateing this game i will tell you the good things about Virtua Fighter 4 , it is a deep game with good graphics and some good cool characters like jacky , sarah , shun-di , aoi , kage , pai vanessa and lei fei but , what -LSB- stinks -RSB- about this game is 1 . it 's slower , i do n't know why some dumb stupid moves are that hard too do , and not makeing it fun at all , 2 . it got 14 people ? come on plus it got -LSB- stinks rear -RSB- characters like akira a wan na a be look alike ryu from street fighter , he can overpowering his opponents with his powerful elbow thrusts and heavy blows using his shoulders and back but no good combos and he slow and he easy to beat as well , lau well what can i say about him he is fast with lil ok combos but he base on jugges that it , wolf a -LSB- wierd -RSB- looking wrestler he do n't have that much good moves king from tekken is way better then him , jeffry he is lame as hell , i mastered him but i aways get my -LSB- rear -RSB- kick when i play him cuz he 's slow slow like whoa , lion he fast but not that good cuz his moves are wried and his voice acting -LSB- stinks -RSB- , i do n't know why some people and gamepro and psm thanks this game is the best out of all fighting games and give it a 9 out 10 the real only reason this is ok cuz it got the kumite made that the only reason , i beleave tekken 4 will win tekken 4 is better anyways that i do n't listin to dumb people that thanks that this game is the best and it 's not .
 Ok , so I recently sold my XBOX and all my games -LRB- including Dead or Alive 3 -RRB- and then bought a PS2 . So far , I 've been completely satisfied ... well that is until Virtua Fighter 4 ... I 've been a fan of 3D fighting games since the original Virtua Fighter in the arcade . Since then many games have come out expanding the original concept of 3D fighting . Tekken was a major breakthough along with Soul Blade coming out around the same time . This is what is most frustrating about VF4 ... it has the same general features and gameplay of the original VF , which now very boring . The only new concept it introduces in fact -LRB- well knew to VF series at least -RRB- is that of new fighting style adjustments and counters . Unfortunately these features are very poorly implemented in comparison to Dead or Alive 3 , which had extremely smooth transition animations with its counter moves.The moves in VF4 are also sub-par . They remind me of the original Mortal Kombat for Super Nintendo ... slow , poorly animated , and very unsatisfying to pull off . The physics model does n't help the situation , either . Similar to DOA3 and most 3D fighting games , you can perform terribly unrealistic moves in which your fighter defies gravity , but unlike those other games , VF4 lack of smooth and quick animations add to the feeling that you 're fighting in slow motion in a cheesy martial arts movie made in America.Graphically , the environments are very complex , but the graphics are just NOT GOOD . The polygon count is very low and the textures are bad . Combine that with a fairly low-resolution -LRB- because PS2 is n't nearly as good as Gamecube or XBOX -RRB- and you get something that looks like it should be played on a Sega Saturn or a PSOne.There are some bright spots , however . The sound in game is extremely good , there are plenty of options and cool modes -LRB- like training an AI to play a certain way and then watching them fight ... like coaching mode in football games -RRB- . All in all , I give this a game a `` D '' for minimal effort . The only thing that keeps it from gettin ' an `` F '' is the few bright spots that should appear in future titles .
 After scanning over various catelogs in the newspaper a weekend or two ago and noticing the Xbox 360 and its ridiculous price -- 400 bucks -- I 've come to a conclusion
 WTH happend microsoft ! They knew this would happen , and didnt produce enough xbox 360s . Even the pre-orders wont be fufiled until early 2006 ! Crap on them , thanks a lot , ruin a kids dreams .
 Let me cut to the chase . I 'm not under 13 , i just did n't want to be foolish by signing into this online store . I waiting seven hours in line for the xbox 360 , the whole time thinking about the potential that this little machine has . I have heard that this is enviromental and uses less power consumption , wrong ! The external power supply is massive ! This thing is unsafe . One day I was playing PG3 on my new deathtrap , forgetting to turn it off before going to the store . I came back in half an hour and the power supply caught fire ! I quickly ran and unblocked the power supply from the outlet , noticing that the black powersupply was melted on the top . I was furious ! I saw sparks and smoke coming out of this ! If i had gone to the store a little longer my house would have been in ruins.Don ' t get this ! Microsoft has many problems with overheating . I figured that the problem must have been solved , they had 4 years to do this . But to catch fire . That is unacceptable.This system seems to be good and the best there is , but its not . The specifications seem to be amazing , but to think of it , you are comparing it to outdated technology.PS3 is going to have blu-ray compact discs , while this only has dual layer dvds , without any plans to incorporate hd-dvd . Also the picture resolution is n't the greatest . With support up to 1080i -LRB- no full-resolution progressive scan -RRB- and no dual tv support . Unlike ps3 that has dual support for full 1080p . And this system only has an analog display connection , while getting a simulated hdmi port.This specs do n't matter when something hazardest happens . Think about the future . This video game system is not worth it until they find a way to fix this problem.Please , do n't get this . It has too many problems .
 Xbox 360 is really Xbox 1.5 ... The graphics are no better than the current games on your home PC . The console has MANY problems . It crashes just like a Windows PC ! I mean get real . Consoles are supposed to just play games and never crash . I have never seen a Playstation 2 crash . This is insane ! The Xbox 360 is also overheating and having system errors.Microsoft products are dangerous . A woman almost died recently because her Xbox caught fire due to a defective power cord . If you buy one of these make sure you turn it off if you leave the room . It really is dangerous not to .
 NOWHERE in the description of this game does it say it is only compatible with XBOX original console . DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE AN XBOX 360 console !!! We wasted our time and money not only purchasing it , but then also returning it -LRB- at our expense -RRB- , and then only getting a partial refund since it was &#34; Used . &#34; We never even got to play the game .
 We want a Brawlin ' Broads video game !!! I want to try and out-drink the Boone Brothers and then kick their ass ! That 's what I want to see !!! Give it to us !
 I initially had high hopes for this game , but after playing through the single player mode -LRB- which is tiny -RRB- and playing the online game for a while this game just isnt up to the standards HALO 2 created . Although i loved Halo 2 i grew weary of the cheaters and lack of maps that it continues to offer -LRB- at least until it is patched -RRB- . Project
 I have been anxiously awaiting the arrival of Project
 This game tries to be like Halo , then changes things around enough to the point where you might not be able to tell ... But trust me we all do . I 'll start with online ... it sucks . If you are used to Halo 's xbox live pre-game lobbies and buddy lists then you are in for one hell of a awkward time with this game . You are forced to join games that are already in session or create your own from scratch and wait for others to come . . which could be quite awhile unless you have friends on to invite . The guns suck , the maps suck , the laughable copy of Halo vehicles sucks and are incredibly hard to control . Most FPS fans will turn this off within minutes but i gave it a chance because i am so bored with bungie 's half-ass effort to bring us new maps . but i 'd rather be bored playing the same halo maps over and over then playing this garbage . Man this game blows
 project snow blind is a great dissapointment its only value in the game its self is xbox live quality theres no co op gameplay is a bit repetitive and pointless stay away from this game better options are timespliters and psi ops the mind gate conspiracy
 It 's a fact that I like crash racing games . So that 's why I wanted to give it a try . I was pretty sure it would n't be as good as Burnout 3 , but thought it would still be fun . So I went ahead and rented it and turns out this game is awful . The graphics , crashes , speed , and fun pale n comparison to Burnout 3 . I have very few positive things to say about it . The customization is cool and I like the detail in the environments . Other than that though , this game is just awful . What 's so bad about it ? 1 . The cars . They look bland , not very detailed , and very similar to each other in races .2 . The commentary is almost muted , repetitve , and annoying .3 . The crashes look bad . Especially in the beinning of races when the cars are rubbing on each other . It 's just silly .4 . Lack of fun . The races are way too short , too repetitve , too easy , and just plain boring .5 . The soundtrack is weak .6 . Overall presentation is pathetic . Nothing looks great , menu design is pretty bad and hard to navigate as well .7 . One minor incident can cost you a race . And if you want to restart in a series , you have to start over the whole series . Not good.Believe me . The are a lot more negatives . I do n't even know why this game was even made . It 's just awful .
 If you 're looking for a racing game that features unimaginative track design and cars that look they 're made of plastic and not to mention slow moving , then get Crash N'Burn . Otherwise , pick up either Burnout 3 or Flat Out for some real racing fun !
 All in all Crash N'Burn rates as one of the most disappointing releases this year . The game looks far from impressive when compared to other racing games of this type.Winning races often comes down to luck rather than skill.Flat Out is superior by far in the car destruction stakes and Burnout 3 superior in the speed stakes , even Outrun 2 is way above Crash N'Burn in the playability stakes .
 This game seems like it was written by 1 person in about a week . There are VERY limited features , no way to really spend your cash and little entertainment value .
 Just like Bubbal , I have not played Crash N'Burn either , as it has yet to be released.From the photos released so far of Crash N'Burn the game looks nothing short of plain awful . The cars on the PS2 version do n't even match those cars that appear in Grand Turismo on the Playstaion 1 . Crash N'Burn does seem cheap though i 'll give it that . I own Flat Out , Burnout 2 and 3 , i will wait to see more customer reviews of Crash N'Burn before parting with any cash .1 star awarded based on looks alone and not playability . Eidos needs to re think what it is releasing .
 If there was a Hall of Fame for all time bad racers Crash N'Burn would make the top 10 with ease.The AI cars are brain dead , the collision detection very suspect and the audio is abysmal . The cars do n't exactly convince the eye that they are lumps of metal smashing into each other , all they do is convince the eye that they are lo quality computer graphics .
 Conceptually this is a great game , especially for a child with visions of being a Vet . You -LRB- can theoretically -RRB- learn about animals , their care and health issues . Those 2 stars for overall are basically for the concept and little else.Unfortunately the general usability of this game , vis - &agrave; - vis lousy controls , is quite low . It 's nearly impossible to move the character at times , which results in stressful failure in the game . It crashes . It ca n't remember simple settings like , leave the terribly loud and obnoxious music off.Playing this multiple times with my 6 year old always goes from excitement to frustration -LRB- bordering on tears more than once as a bunny gets woefully ill while your character is comically stuck bouncing between the sofa and ottoman -RRB- . Once going you can engage your child by `` studying '' the books you 've bought . Also , as you analyze the patients you learn about ailments as well as the treatments . That is all good stuff , but on whole the game is too frustrating to enjoy.One final note , this is the first time I 've ever bothered to review any product .
 I started to play this game thinking it would be so fun.Then I occored a problem when I could only heal rabbits nothing but rabbits!I did everything it said to and waited.After 12 coustermers I still only got rabbits.So frustrating!I tried buying food , toys , and I even bought a bigger cage!Three days later , no cats!I gave up on the game about 2 weeks ago.Im 10 years old and i dont get this game!But other wise the game iws fun but the graphics are dissapouinting.My charector gets stuck about 3 times every 30 min.Also when you start a brand new game she has a shirt too little for her and her hair is all choppy.I have to waste mony on a wardrobe so she can get a decent hair style and docter coat.This game is really diisapointing in some areas but in others its fine i guess.Dont buy it !
 All my specs are fine but constantly have the game freezing up , crashing or my main character walks back and forth . Online help was useless . I am so disappointed because after you get past the first few days there is more to do and I was enjoying it .
 After being greeted with much excitement , this program would n't properly install on my not-so-fussy computer . The web assistance was of little help at all and we had to send it back . Very disappointing .
 When I got this game , I was very excited to play it . But when I played it , I was very dissapointed . The game was very confusing , and hard to control . Sometimes , I could n't get my person to go where I wanted it to go . Learn from my mistake . Do n't waste your money on this game .
 My daughter recieved Animal Hospital Pet Vet for Christmas and it has been a huge dissappointment . I have nver submitted a review before but feel very strongly about this statement . The directions are unclear , it is difficult to maneuver around the site , the graphics make her dizzy when trying to zoom in and out and move the ` Vet ' thru the clinic . Unfortunately , it has been used already or I would return it . Do n't waste your money on this game .
 I got this game because I thought it would be fun . I was totally wrong ! Every customer that I got brought only rabbits . Rabbits , rabbits , rabbits !!! This game confused me a lot . Also , it gets very boring . And , it 's very hard to control . Do n't waste your money on this game ! It will be a total waste of your money . Believe me !
 This game is so boring ! You do n't really do anything . And you have to wait ages for the food to arrive . The instruction booklet does n't come in handy and it 's hard to control .
 I purchased this item for one of my son 's gifts for Christmas . When I tried to load it , there was a . DLL file missing . I emailed the company but have n't heard back from them . I feel so cheated .
 Very poor product . It wont work on `` older '' systems - older defined as systems made before 2007 . When we talk to computer geeks , they have never heard of the 3D PAL requirement in the system specs . I will not by another ValuSoft product . Their products are not reliable or supported .
 well when i first got this game , i did n't know what to do . but there is something called the tutorial where it helps you play the game . this really helped me.so when you get to the options menu , click on scenario and click on tutorial.and once you take care of 10 bunnies you go on to cats then you go on to something else.this game is a little confusing but fun .
 I was very excited to get this game . I did read previously written reviews . My 13 yr old daughter wants to become a veterinarian someday and loves spending time on the computer , so this just seemed like the perfect Christmas gift . Alas , the game has many faults that does interfere with the game being enjoyable ! I should have listened to the reviews ... The game is extremely glichy ! It makes playing it very hard and frustrating . My daughter tried for one week and has given up . The characters get stuck and just stand and vibrate on the screen until you start the game over . Sometimes she will play for a half hour before it starts up and sometimes it does this right away . VERY DISAPPOINTING.Also , some internal setup issues of the actual CD is that it works better running from the disk then saving it to the computers hard drive . We have a pretty new computer , we have windows XP - this program just does n't run well off our computer anyway . We have other games that do n't have this problem . In fact my son got a game - building machines and inventions - and it does n't have any of these problems and actually requires more from my hard drive.Also , my daughter complains of some of the limitations within pet vet that do n't allow her to change . You have to pay a specified amount to hire an employee and the employee in this game is a slouch - there are no other choices when hiring staff , no wage choices , you ca n't get this employee to work or and you can not hire anyone else.Overall because of the gliches in the game , she has n't been able to play it to the programs full potential and has given up ... so the idea is great . . but the makers should have looked at this better before taking the consumers money and putting it on the market . I can not find any fixes or downloads online to repair it either . BIG BUMMER !!! BEWARE ! JUST DO N'T BUY THIS ONE , LOOK ELSEWHERE !
 The software constantly freezes -LRB- locks-up -RRB- and when I e-mailed the tech support I did n't get a response . 3 e-mails and 3-days later still no response . Of course , the store 's policy -LRB- Target -RRB- , and most stores dealing with computer software , is not to refund the money ... instead , they 'll just give me another copy ; what a waste !
 I believe there is something wrong with it . It slows up a lot , very hard to manuever the characters , slow , boring . Not a good game .
 Unfortunately , in order to run this PC game I would have to buy an updated graphics card driver . The one which came with my 21/2 yr . old computer does n't support anything in 3D . A new card driver would cost anywhere from $ 75 to $ 200 . That 's a lot of money to run a $ 13 game . So , I have n't decided -- although the game does look cute from the box cover !!
 This game can get very boring . It 's very confusing and hard to control . It is sooooo frustrating !!!!!!!!! The instruction booklet does n't come in handy either . Like some other people , I only got rabbits too . I bought this game because I wanted to heal cats and horses . But , only rabbits came . Buying this game was a big mistake . It is reallly no fun . Do n't waste your money on this game . I gave up about a month ago . I 've left it on the shelf and have n't touched it since .
 I bought this as a gift . They are having many problems with it , and will probably need to send it back to me so that I may return it .
 I was very dissapointed with this game . After you read the reviews you tend to think that this game may have something but NO DICE . The game controls are clunky to say the least . The one player mode is not worth playing and the background story is lame . 2 player is a little better but there are only a few levels you can really sink your teeth into . If you 've played 1st person shooting games in the past you will notice right away that it lacks the kind of interactive and expansive gun play that other games can provide . Four words , `` do n't waste your time ! ''
 After reading the reams of good reviews on this game , I became quite hopeful . I am a HUGE fan of 1st person shooters like Goldeneye , and Medal of Honour . Most of the still screens I had seen of Timesplitters looked kind of quirky , not that I mind quirky , but when I eventually rented the game I was really disappointed . I could n't get into the whole `` time '' theme at all . I do n't like enemies materializing next to and behind me . I do n't like the level designs . The controls are difficult to catch on to . I could appreciate the graphics and the speed , but these considerations are subsidiary to me . This game is neither reality based , like Goldeneye , nor is it fantasy-based , like Doom . It is kind of a hybrid , with fantasy-type creatures in places like Chinese gardens . Stealth is NOT needed in this game . If you do n't get into the theme , or the locales -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- , you likely will not enjoy it , despite the advanced gameplay . Mind you , I did n't try the multiplayer mode , which seems to be the real highlight . Even if you love 1st person games , RENT it first .
 This game is really bad . I was totally dissapointed with this game . I was thinking that it would be a great game because it is played on a PS2 console but this game is terrible . The graphics are bland and the story mode is terrible . I got bored of this game in 5 minutes . The music is really annoying . The game is just really boring . If you want a first-person shooter buy Unreal Tournament , do n't waste your time with this game . This game was , in my opinion , thrown together too quickly just to make the first day rush . If you were planning to buy this game i would highly not recommend this game .
 I bought this game right after I recieved my PS2 because it looked fun . I 'm into futuristic stuff , and that 's what I was getting from the front of it . However , it is not futuristic other than the fact that there are a couple of characters that are from the future . I hated the game . The controls are extremely hard to master -LRB- though it can be done , and I 'm sure they can be changed -RRB- , and you have to spin a lot . It sounds stupid , but it can get you extremely `` motion '' sick and queasy feeling . I took it to a video game place to trade it in , and the guy ended up only giving me about $ 25 for a barely used game because so many people had traded theirs in.I definitely would n't suggest this game .
 This is the worst game for playstation two do n't ever buy it .
 Is this PS2 graphics or just taken from the original PS ? The graphics are for the most part dated and very weak looking and the game is only semi-fun if you play the multiplayer death matches . Personaly I prefer Unreal Tournament for PS2 . If you want to buy this game at least rent it first , or if not , it 's your funeral .
 This game is n't as good as most of the 1st person shooters on the PS1 . For a release on the PS2 this is a pathetic excuse . You 'd be better off buying Syphon Filter 1 or 2 , or Medal of Honor for the PS1 , or waiting for new versions of those games to come out on the PS2 .
 this game seems to have been rushed out to make the deadline . the control is very bad , and that kills the game . but there are people still lineing up in front of best buy target and any other place that sells the playstation 2 . On ebay 500 bucks is at least the going rate , why well its all just hype just like the dreamcast there wont be any great games for 1 or 2 months . until then people just feel thay have to have it , because its so hard to get they feel like their missing out on something . Back in may I preordered one on-line , my friends laughed and said they would wait for the release , then came the word of delays and not being able to ship as many as they wanted to , well I got one on the release day and the only thing i can say is the dvd player works ok , the games out now are not must haves . maden not any better then nfl 2k1 . just because you cant find one in any store please dont waste your money and pay any more then 299 its just not worth it , the system is good and in one or two months the games will get better , and you will be able to walk into any store and buy one . the scumbags who get them and sell them online , for 250 more then they paid for them , are not worth dealing with , avoid the hype and just wait its your money you know how hard you work for it .
 The control of this game is awful . Graphics are average , sound below average and did i mention the horrible contols ? Pass on this one and find a better FPS there are several out there .
 This game is really lame , I got to play it yesterday when a friend brought his ps2 over to show it off.There is no story , you just get plopped in to the level , the levels are pretty lame , and the monsters are horrid , and many things are modeled all blocky.The framerate is nice and smooth , no wonder though , everything is pretty low poly . and for some reason it takes forever to load the levels ... an very long time.Save your money for better games , the SSX game looked pretty beautiful .
 I was in the store one day , and I picked up the game `` TimeSplitters '' . I had just traveled an hour to get to the store , and I had fifty burning dollars in my pocket . I scanned the back of the box to see what it said ... Saying how it goes at a smooth 60-frames per second , I thought ` Wow ! That pretty good ! ' Also it had a level editor ! I told myself how not many platform-systems had this diversity found in it . Me , being a big first-person shooter fan -LRB- such as Half-Life , Quake , and Unreal Tournament , to name a few -RRB- , I thought that this was something good . I decided to show it to my brother , who was also a fan of such games . He told me to wait and read reviews . I bought it anyway.I get home and put it into my PS2 ... I 'm sitting there having bullets shoot into me from every direction , but I said that I was just not used to the controls . If someone asked me if I liked the game , I lied and telled them I did . I had just spent -LRB- ... money -RRB- on it , so I wanted to like it . I have beaten Quake 3 on nightmare , Unreal Tournament on godlike , and Half-Life on multi-player games , single player , and all the rest . But THIS game ... the controls are EXTREMELY awkward . You have to press a button just to bring out your crosshair , while the enemies easily shoot you . I have beaten this game -LRB- only on the easier modes , I had not the patience to go through again -RRB- , and believe me , I made a mistake.CONS : - Cartoon-like graphics-Poor control configuration system-Cruddy storyline -LRB- which is normally be compensated by good play -RRB- - It costs -LRB- ... -RRB- money-Eidos apoligized publicly for making such a crumby gamePROS : - Collects a lot of dust
 I read many reviews for this game , many said it was excellant and you must buy it . But when i eventually did get round to buying it i managed to complete the story mode 3 hours after purchase . The Story Mode consists of about 6 levels which are all exactly the same with the slight exception of the terrain and the enemys.When ever you complete a level you cen either unlock new enemys which doest make a difference because all their abilitys are the same , you can unlock new challenge modes which are extremly similar to the story mode.The game doesnt even have a story unlike some games . Youve just been put in this world to go around killing a bunch of peole for some odd reason . The game is the same from start to finish a complete bore . I would recommend Unreal Tornament for the PC which alot better and more fun .
 This game is different for a First Person Shooter ... quite a bit different concept that most games , but is too difficult to control .
 Although a decent FPS , it fails in comparison to the N64 titles that have dominated the console FPS market , Goldeneye and Perfect Dark . Do n't expect too much and you wo n't be too disappointed .
 Alright , i had pretty good expectations for this game being somewhat related to golden eye , a great game , but just the crappy single player was just the start of my problem . I read about this game and heard the story , but there is more story in the mini one sentence reviews then in this ENTIRE GAME ! First of all it is HARD not because of challenges but merely the lack of life . The guns suck , unrealistic , weak , no cool reload animations , and the bots are stupid . They may be accurate and with a lot of life and take a lot of work to kill but they are STUPID ! they get stuck in corners , shot wildly until they see you and then kill you in one hit . the AI is terrible . The biggest problem is lack of cheats , this game would be a MILLION times better with cheats , not because i 'm a cheating loser , just because the single player is SO DAMB TERRIBLE that it 's not even WORTH looking at ! And the only way to unlock some of the halfway decent new guns and levels is to beat the missions which takes time , energy and absolutly BORING effort . Games like SSX with challenge that requires intelligence and exploring to find cool shortcuts , now that 's challenge with a brain , Timesplitters is none of that ... And finally , the one great thing about this game earning it 2 stars instead of 1 is the mapmaker ! it is DAMB cool ! This game should be a mapmaker for the PS2 with a minigame attached to it . Too bad that minigame sux . PerfectDark is LEAGUES over this one . Screw the speed , Screw that graphics , we 're talking gameplay and FUN here ...
 My brother-in-law got this game for free , and I still think he overpaid . I spent an hour trying to play it , and found it a tired retread of `` Doom '' or `` Wolfenstein 3D '' . In fact , I wished I could just pop Wolfenstein into his Playstation 2 . If you need a good FPS for your PS2 , try `` Red Faction '' or even any of the `` Medal of Honor '' games . The FPS genre has evolved too much to settle for inferior game design and execution . If you want something with `` Doom '' - style game play , I suggest playing `` Doom '' . At least the PC controls were pretty simple with that game . `` TimeSplitters '' suffers from poor control mechanics , particularly when it comes to aiming , and vague mission objectives . Usually , you have to find something , but you do n't get told up front -LRB- you actually have to pause the game to get your mission directives -RRB- . The graphics are very smooth and once the level loads , and assuming you can survive long enough to enjoy the framerate , there is no disruption in gameplay.Maybe `` TimeSplitters 2 '' will improve the formula , but it 's too late to win me over . There 's just too much competition to ever have to worry about a clunky shooter .
 OK , I admit the graphics , special effects , and other small details are awesome . But the controls plain out ... . You HAVE to use both of the analog sticks to move around , you do n't even have the option to use the control pad -LRB- which I always use -RRB- . If you 're a joystick person , you 'll like it , if not , you 'll go crazy after playing 5 minutes.If only they had different types of controls like in Goldeneye -LRB- where they had 1.1,1.2,1.3 , etc. -RRB- . The small things are great in this game , like the graphics , they glass shattering when you shoot through it , and the explosions are all great.But a game with ... controls is a total waste of time .
 I wanted to love this game , but the controls made it impossible to play . I 'm shocked at the love fest this has generated , given the awfull control options . A little code to support a USB mouse would have been greatly appreciated here ! I spent all my time trying to get my cross hairs aimed at something while getting plugged full holes . I had a few ideas about configuring the control layout to make it playable , but the rigid pre-defined choices would n't allow it . Traded it within a few days for something that was actually fun to play . Rent it , and see if you can live with the controls first !
 This game Has ps1 graphics all over it . Dont expect much from this game its not worth the 50 bucks . So if you want to buy this game just rent it first .
 This game was very bad , not to mention Overpriced -LRB- 80 bucks for maracas ? -RRB- . Yeah sure it was fun at the beginning , but after a while the fun factor just started to rub off .
 Bought game for grandson because he saw demo in store . I should have rented the game before I bought it for him . He enjoyed the game 100 % . He defeated the game to the end by day 3 . He loves games and has a natural knack for playing them . I forgot to look and see if it had enough memory to be worth the buy . Boys like farting and stinky things and he commented to me that I would not like that part but it made him laugh often .
 Too short , I wanted it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo badly , but now I 'm going to get rid of it . I 's also kind of boring if you think about it.Toodles !
 Although it seems fun , it really is a very boring game . Besides the awful graphics , the pooping and peeing ? Really , is that necessary ? In the game , the whole point is to find all of the scents -LRB- BORING ! -RRB- and collect all the bones -LRB- YAWN -RRB- it really has no point to it at all . For the 20.00 I spent my birthday money on this for , it is definitely not worth it . Oh , and about the teen rating , it is for crude humor , and it was a very good reason to put that rating on . Some of the things on here are VERY inappropriate ! Do n't buy this for your kids !
 I think the title of this review made my review . The game is really short ! I 'm just warning you ! Even though it 's fun to play around as a dog , it is n't worth $ 20 for it ! It might be worth $ 5 , but it is n't . Trust me . Do n't think I 'm a conartist , because I 'm not . I hope I saved you $ 20 dollars . Thank you for listening to my warning , even though you probally did n't even believe me , because I heard almost the same exact thing from someone else , and I did n't even bother .
 I do n't know how the game is b/c I have not recieved it yet . Will write review when the game comes in
 This would have been a great purchase . I mean , an Xbox Live Gold membership is about $ 50 on its own . However , the codes redeemable for this were taken out before I received this bundle . Also , there were no codes included for free games and 200 MS points via Xbox Live Marketplace . These were all codes included when the game was new . Obviously , this diminishes the value of this bundle substantially .
 XboxLive is fun and all , but watch out -- the directions printed on the card to sign up and register are confusing and can cost you more money . First you have to create a profile and fill in all the onscreen forms , including providing your credit card number . You are n't even prompted to enter the number on the prepaid card you bought at any point during this initial phase . When you do enter the number on the prepaid card -- it turns out it is for an EXTENSION to the subscription you just signed up for.Your primary subscription gets charged to the credit card you entered on screen -LRB- even though the screen says your card wo n't be charged -RRB- and your prepaid card goes to a RENEWAL of that subscription . Now who would want to renew a subscription to ANYTHING they subscribed to just that day . That does n't make sense.When I explained all this and tried to get my money back for the renewal fee from Microsoft -LRB- via a phone call to customer support -RRB- , they said they could n't do it -- for technical reasons regarding their subscription system . I could n't even get a supervisor on the phone . This type customer service is simply unacceptable . So now I 'm out $ 100 for this thing - $ 50 for the subscription and $ 50 for the renewal!I would cancel the whole thing and let my credit card company fight it out , but reasoned that it would probably irrevocably screw up my whole XboxLive account , and my kid does like the service . So now I 'm stuck paying $ 100 for two years of this thing . Yes , I 'm getting two years , but would have preferred to pay for the second year AFTER the first year -- who would n't ! Microsoft really needs to address this issue , AND fix their ineffectual cutomer service system as well . This kind of thing definitely reduces the `` FUN '' factor .
 I would not recommend anyone ordering this item if you think you are ordering a VIDEO ! It does not exist w / amazon , they will mail you the GAME instead !! So beware
 My brother bought this game , I played it a few times . It is ssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooo dumb . Anyone who reads this review plese answer , what 's better Teen Titans or Kids Next Door?Teen Titans is the Best TV show EVER !!! , Care bears is funner than Kids Next Door . Numbah 2 is so fat and stupid . Numbah 4 is just plain itiotic . Numbah 1 's accent is so fake he trys to sound British , but then how come his last name is Uno that sounds Spanish . Do n't get me sterted on them spelling stuff wrong and saying NUMBAH . What 's wrong with adults ? Without parents we wuod n't have been born ! The videogame is dumb , Kids Next Door the TV show is stupid . I would rather watch Power Puuff Girls than Kids Next Dorks ! I hate K.N.D. !!!!!
 The product was shipped very well and also shipped in a great time . The only problem was the controller had a problem with the green button in the center of the controller you could not press it correctly it would get stuck sometimes . I was able to get it to work but this is a problem that should not happen . I am giving the product a low grade because I was not sure if I had to send it back or not at the time the product was sent . Thank You for sending it and again everything was okay just make sure that the products work fine before shipped .
 I purchased this knowing that this is exactly what I was looking for . A second remote for the kids x-box 360 . I ca n't get the remote to work . I tried changing the batteries and that did n't work for me . I 'm really disappointed in this purchase . I spent too much money for this not to work for me .
 Let it be known , just because a unit is first party and sealed in a clam shell , does not mean it will be top notch . This is not some sort of rant review - read and take into consideration.This most recently purchased controller has two major issues ... both triggers squeak . Not a baby mouse squeak , but a noise audible -LRB- and even feel an increased tension -RRB- over surround sound . Worse yet , the left joystick has a faulty deadzone . If the stick is tapped into the bottom left direction at a certain -LRB- and commonly done -RRB- angle , it will hold there ... in MW2 for example , causing you to walk backwards and to the left at a very slow speed.I made this purchase a replacement for a controller I have been using for about 2 years , that still works flawless in all respects other than the right joystick has a larger than normal deadzone which eventually got to me once I started playing competitively . After purchasing this new first party controller , I am still using with my old controller ...
 I am disappointed with the seller and want my money back or a REAL NEW controller . It had scratches marks the joysticks look used and it came with horrible packaging the kind that is weak and lets your merchandise be susceptible to damage . It works but its NOT new . VERY mad and confused .
 The Overall of the controller was ok . It was very dusty and one bottons upper left it doest work now i will need to send to repair .
 I ordered the used Xbox360 Wireless controller and the the controller did not work out of the packing . the controller came from boost Inc and the biggest problem was that it was shipped in a thin envelope with no packing material , so there is no question as to why it does n't work . Now I 'm in the process in getting a replacement .
 when it was sent to me i was a little bit surprised that it did n't come with a chargeable battery pack , or cord for charging it . It did though come with a pack to put batteries in , but did n't come with any batteries . I think that it would have been nice if the person would have told me that there was no chargable battery pack as i had to spend 10 dollars extra to get one which is 1/3 the price of the product . Otherwise good sale .
 Let me echo what CedDaGr8 wrote
 I oredered a controller that was advertised as new . However I 've tried everything but it would n't charge . I then realize that my controller was not only defected , but it was also used . They have not even tried to make admends . Totally unprofessional , and no one should do business with a dishonest vendor .
 when i first got the controller in May 2010 , it was ok then i started to hear squeaking sounds on the sticks it did not break the sticks but the sound was annoying . then 2 months later the sticks the bumpers and the triggers broke the buttons and the DPad still work but you can barley do anything with these controls . Is it still under warranty and how do I get it fixed ?
 I have a white controller and two black ones . I do n't know why but , the left joy stick on both of the black ones began to give a little after only a week of use . If you playing a game like halo , and your just walking like normal , as soon as you let go of the left joystick , it continues to slowly move forward without the user even pushing it forward . Both my black ones do it , I do n't know why but , the white one works fine and I 've had it for over 6 months . I would just buy a white one .
 I was n't expecting any problems buying a used product online since I 've never had a problem before , but I was disappointed with this purchase . I received the controller just a few days ago and it is in decent condition and still has fairly responsive controls . One thing that was not mentioned on the product -LRB- at least this one -RRB- was the fact that its right hand joystick almost constantly starts panning to the right . Not the joystick itself but the game or whatever you are controlling will start moving right on its own . Simply put this seller is selling products with hardware malfunctions . Its most likely not like this with every controller being sold but it is still unacceptable . And that is why it deserves 2 stars
 I like the controller layout itself with exception of the dpad , the buttons have to pounded pretty hard compared to other controllers , besides those small complaints the controller layout is really good.The main problem is that ive owned 4 and of those 4 only 1 actually works without being plugged in .1 of them died within a month of being owned and was hardly used in that time.Ontop of that none of my 360 controllers hold a charge for more then 3 hours -LRB- after being fully charged -RRB- , and turn themselves off randomly.So until Microsoft fixes those issues its a one star
 I just got an Xbox 360 and it is great . The controller that came with it works perfectly . I bought another controller to play with my friends and the controller turned off after 10 minutes . I turned it back on and the controller turned off after another 10 minutes and it kept doing that . I thought maybe the batteries that came with the controller were messed up so I changed them . Even after that it kept turning off every ten minutes .
 The controller was broken when I got it and snce I am not living in the US it will cost me more to send it for repair . I am very disappinted from this .
 These game makers are killing me . The games are too hard and when you smash a controller into the ground it breaks . I 'm not impressed .
 I got this black controller and it has worked very well for me . I got the quick charge kit a couple days after . They both worked fine until 2-3 months later i go to charge the black battery pack and it does n't charge . I try the other side of the quick charge kit , does n't work either . I get my other white controllers battery pack and it does work . I think they may have some problems with the first couple . Now i have to get a separate black battery pack . I hope it works .
 I still have n't recieved my controller yet and it is 23 January 08 . I ordered it on the 1st of Jan and it says it shipped out on 08 January 08 and still hasnt showed up . I do n't know why but I was looking for a link to leave amazon a message letting them know but there was no easy access link to let them know . Very dissatisfied because I thought they would be quicker than just the individual sellers .
 It took more than 10 days to receive the product through Amazon free shipping by US Postal service . Quickly , I found out it was defective . Then , I returned it three weeks ago to Amazon but has not received credit back as now . I am not thrilled with either the product nor the process of delivery or return .
 This game isnt as good as shut your mouth and that thing is for sure!No announcers ! 50htz screen ! slow moves and confused grappling moves ! No real entrances for some famous wrestlers ! Strange faces with Comics style versus screens ! Poor legend section ! A boring season mode too long with useless matches ! i wouldnt have thaught that one day i would say this but WWE RAW 2 is better than Smackdown , not by far but ... , and im not an Xbox fan , since the last car game by THQ we should have been more careful ... humhum , i think im gon na drop this game in few hours ... The entire WWE is falling down ... Is it the beginning of the end ?
 This is the saddest excuse for a game I have ever seen . I did not want to spend any of my hard earned money watching fat men in tights hug eachother . Sorry but I just do n't flow that way . Nevertheless for all the people who do I still do not recommend this game for these key reasons-1 . The game lacks in storyline and should n't be set to standard with any other fighting game in the history of the gaming revolution2 . The graphics and playline engine are near non-existent and makes you feel like your playing pong3 . The game is way to pricey for its real value . The fact of the matter is , is that this game costs nothing whatsoever but even if I had the chance to get the game again for free I would n't . Thats how much it sucks !
 What the heck is this trash . Who cares about the new legends in the game if u like legends so bad then buy Legends Of Wrestling 1 2 or the new one 3 ! DUH ! And whats up with the Elimination Chamber but its the best match but it was n't suppose to have the elimination chamber in it ! The polls say that 75 % it will be inWrestlemania XIX , 5 % its in Raw 2 and only 10 ! % chance its in Smackdown then when they were about to put it in Wrestlemania Smackdown just stole it away ! Thats bull Sh*t ! Plus in Smackdown Here comes the pain theres no blodd unlike Wrestlemania Xix and you cant fight anyone backstage ! On Wrestlemania u can fight workers builders security guards agents Stephanie Vince anyone BaCkstage !!! So I am buying Wrestlemania Xix The best game ever Frist and Smackdown 2rate game second . But everyone Dont buy Raw 2 the onyl real WWE games out to buy is # 1 Wrestlemania XIX and # 2 Smackdown here comes the pain . Raw2 is way out of the picture.IT -LSB- STINKS -RSB- !
 I found the game had a great selection of wrestlers and matches , the graphis were good also . But it is very difficult to play . Even in the easy mode . The average Playstation 2 gamer will not be able to play this game at any level . Only the hard core gamer will enjoy this game .
 Ignore this game at all costs if you value winning . I can not win ANY match on this stupid game . And how embrassing is it to be beat by someone named `` Hillbilly Jim '' ??
 To the fanboys of this game you are all in denial because you people do n't know what a great wrestling is game this one is not it because the ai in season mode is very cheap and I had play this game on the easiet setting and still lossed I picked triple hhh kevin nash john cena goldberg the undertaker brock lesnar and still didnot win in season mode the intro is the worst intro of any wrestling game ever the legends in this game donot have any music at all the black and purple undertaker does n't lod do n't hillbilly jim does n't the million dollar man ted dibiase do n't either and to me that is just very stupid and it doesnot make any sense what so ever their are much better wrestling games out there than this overrated piece of garbage wcw nwo revenge wcw vs nwo world tour wrestlemania 2000 wwf no mercy smackdown shut your mouth smackdown 1 and 2 smackdown vs raw 2006 and 2010 wwf royal rumble genesis snes wwf raw genesis snes wrestlemania the arcade game genesis playstation sega saturn are all alot better than smackdown here comes the pain anyday of the week .
 Smackdown HCTP is a major disappointment . HCTP is an early version of the upcoming Wrestlemania XX for the Nintendo Gamecube . Smackdown SYM has better graphics than HCTP . The only two things I liked about the game were that they had the `` Evolution '' theme and video . Also the game play is pretty cool . THQ could of done more things to improve the game to include the original theme songs from Stacey Keibler , Dudley Boyz , and Victoria . Randy Orton , Jazz , and Victoria have their first outfits they began to use in the WWE , which was over a year ago . The outfits could have been updated because they changed their outfits before the videogame deadline . Does anyone know what was that big surprise that was `` Supposedly '' going to be in the game ?
 old skool wrestlers , more then 55 wwe wrestlers , new realistic animations , dynamic camera angles and improved audio do n't even make me wan na shell 50 + bucks for this game . why ? , the new grappling and countering systems . they suck ! , what ? , they suck , what ? , THEY SUCK !!! . what the hell was wrong with the old controls ? -LRB- is this smackdown or attitude again ? -RRB- . this may be the greatest wrestling game yet to some of you but to me it 's not ever close . the old skool wrestlers do n't even come to the ring with their own music and such . the new season mode is n't that great , it gets boring after season 1 , plus the the storylines were written by the wwe writers -LRB- and we should know how good they are at writing wrestling -RRB- . i ca n't believe i 'm actually gon na say this but i 'm actually looking forward to the new legends of wrestling game `` legends of wrestling showdown '' . i 'm sorry wwe and thq but i 'm not gon na put any smack down for this new smackdown , it 's just a big disapointment to me .
 LISTEN I HAVE BOUGHT EVERYONE OF THE SMACKDOWN SERIES AND AN ON GOING CYCLE IS EACH ONE LACKS WHAT IT ; S PRE-DESESSOR HAD.WHY DONT THE LEGENDS HAVE THERE CHOICE OF COSTUMES AND ORIGINAL RING MUSIC.WHY DOESNT KANE HAVE THE LYRICS IN HIS MUSIC . IT WOULDNT TAKE UP SPACE CONSIDERING `` THE CREATE YOUR OWN '' MUSIC IS STILL THE SAME FOR THE PAST 3 SMACKDOWNS ... PROPER USE OF SPACE MATE . ALSO YOU CANT GO WRONG WITH MACHOMAN , HOGAN AND THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR AS LEGENDS , , , , I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT THE GAME SOELY ON THERE PRESENCE.I THINK THERE IS ALOT OF TALENT BEING WASTED , THE ENTRANCES ON `` SHUT YOUR MOUTH '' WERE GRAND BUT NOW SEEM RUSHED.PLUS THE SMACKDOWN DOLLAR IDEA `` TO ACCESS THINGS YOU BUY THE ITEMS '' ... NEWS FLASH ... THERE NOT WORTH BUYING ... BRA AND PANTIES COLOR CHANGE , , , RICO 'S OUTFIT ... BY THE WAY WHY IS RICO IN THIS GAME ... I LIKE THE STORY LINES ... VERY REALISTIC TO THE ORIGINALS IN TELEVISION ... BUT ITS THE LITTLE THINGS THAT KILL.IM NOT SATISFIED .
 this is pretty much just a rehash of its predecessors just bring it and shut your mouth . theres not really anything so special about it . other than the fact it has a couple of new superstars and matchmodes . im getting really tired of getting all these smackdown games . they feature little or no improvement from the last one . well if you like a fairly decent game wrestiling game i guess this would work . but im dropping here comes the pain and im gon na get some real games like like final fantasy x-2 or ssx 3 . good luck thq maybe in 10 years youll get it right .
 Well the player selection & matches are fantastic , the game is just ridiculously hard . The computer 's advantage over the player is laughable as it is very overwhelming . It 's nearly impossible to beat the computer , especially if you are a new comer . Purchase at own risk .
 Season mode is hard as all hell . If you are a challenger , you start with no Specials while th Champ has 1 or 2 . It only takes that many to beat you . Also , one time Ihad to team with Tazz -LRB- IC CHAMP -RRB- To face Bret Hart and Ultimate Warrior with both of mine and Tazz 's singles titles on the line . That makes no sense having any singles belts up in any type of tag match . Needless to say we lost the match and I was not the one pinned . All match tyoes really hard and the legends are so lame . If you want a game that you can actually put up offense in play WWE RAW 2 for X-BOX . RAW 2 blows this game out of the water no matter what . This game is highly overrated and you should go back to playing SD!SYM because HCTP is boring . I for one am glad Hogan and Jeff Hardy are not in this game . Oh and people , you are not Snoop Dogg and you never will be.So lets just put a stop to that right now . The A.I. is screwed up . As for the B & P matches , they are overrated , just like this game .
 It is an ok game . The Bra and panties matches are so stupid . In Season mode if you are the Challenger , you do n't start out with any specails and the Champ starts out with one or two . Sometimes if you are the World Champion and you save the IC Champ from a beating , your opponents will force you in to a tag team match with both the World Title and IC Title on the line . That is so lame , any number of singles titles on the line in a tag team match . That is not the way the titles can be defended . One of the only good points is the fact that the game is more realistic than most of the others . Of course it is so realistic that you can kiss your cruiserweight vs. heavyweights goodbye . The Legends are nothing to write home about . the game is hard as hell to beat because you have to build up your Superstar in season mode , they do n't stand a chance otherwise . Trust me , I had to really build RVD up before I could beat HHH with him . I recomend playin either RAW 2 or WM XIX for real cool wrestling action that will let you put up offense .
 Yeah , so I bought this game because I saw Sean O ' Haire was in this game , and I always thought of him as an excellent wrestler . I loved him and the other Natural Born Thrillers in WCW and it 's a shame WWE did n't do more with his devil 's advocate character . Also , Ultimo Dragon was in this game , which I remember seeing online that he was coming to WWE . As far as I knew , those two were never in any other WWE games ... And the main reason , I bought this game is ... This game is from pretty much the exact time RIGHT before I gave up on watching professional wrestling . I watched from like 96 to 2002 ... some of 2003 and 2004 ... and it just was n't the same at all . I feel sad saying that . Like I 'm now discussing a past romantic relationship that ended very horribly with feelings being deeply hurt . But there , I said it ! So yeah , I got a burst of nostalgia looking at the roster and thought , for the price a used copy goes for , why not?Well , let me tell you why not to buy this game .1 -RRB- As another reviewer said , I think he was more generous and gave the game 3 stars , this game is SO UNBALANCED . So yeah , I 'm Shawn O ' Haire and Roddy Pipper is my tag team partner . We have one match , and then win the tag team titles . I am fine playing against the Guerreos . But then the game keeps putting me against Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit ... you know those guys who have like 20 points higher than I do on all my stats ?!? So yeah , no matter how good I was I could n't block a LOT of their attacks . Also , their momentum to gain a finisher builds up faster and their finishers do more damage than mine do . So I went to RAW and the game threw me against STEVE AUSTIN , THE ROCK , and GOLDBERG ... Same thing happened . Could n't beat any of these guys , but other opponents , with stats similar to mine , I could have a good match with.I fought the ROCK in the gym area , and after like 4 to 5 finishers , he would n't stay down long enough for me to pin him . Then the Rock gives me 1 ... REPEAT 1 Rock Bottom and I get pinned . VERY FAIR !!! Did they even test this ??? Wrestlemania 2000 had a better career mode ! Enuff said .2 -RRB- So many animations . There are a lot of times the game will go into a mini movie to show someone pulling off a move . LET ME PLAY THE GAME !!! 3 -RRB- The referee will never count a pin if someone is in the ring , WRONG PLACE TO BE REALISTIC IN , GAME , but he will ALWAYS Get in the way when you are trying to strike , which then leads to your opponent getting a second to recover and attack you .4 -RRB- The TAG MATCHES . The AI opponents outside the ring gain momentum and gain finishers . So you can be schooling your opponent and they make the tag . Then their partner comes in and does a finisher on you and BAM total 360 ... the match is over and you have lost .5 -RRB- The controls feel very loose and are horrible . I ca n't tell you how many times I meant to climb the turnbuckle , and my character starts running . Then when you start running there is no way to stop running unless you attack your opponent or the air .6 -RRB- Damage . When you take extreme damage . Your opponent gets up and holds themselves . Giving your opponent a COMPLETE opportunity to beat you down .7 -RRB- Story mode is dumb . MY MAIN GRIPE IS STORY MODE IS GLITCHY . I 've seen the same person scheduled the match before mine , and then he 's in the next match with me ... HAS THIS EVER HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE ??? Also , the game showed the Rock talking to me about our match that night , but then Goldberg was in the match . ??? You can move , but a lot of times there is no one to talk to in the outside arenas . I thought when I bought this game I could choose which superstars on the roster I wanted to interact with . In reality , you can watch and react to a bunch of spontaneous little cutscenes ... that give you Superstar points which then let you challenge for different belts . But if you are n't a main guy , you will probably get beaten a lot and not get very far ... like I did .8 -RRB- I think graphics look horrible . I think the Day of REckoning graphics , which was released like a year later , actually looked good . This looks like garabage .9 -RRB- Create a player is dumb . Seriously , you ca n't pick entrance music for your star !!! WWF ATTITUDE DID THIS BETTER AND IT WAS RELEASED HOW LONG AGO ??? YOU WOULD THINK YOU COULD TURN OUT A BETTER PRODUCT THAN THE OLD DESIGNERS CAME UP WITH , RIGHT ???!!? 10 -RRB- Superstars songs just trail off . Yeah , WWF ATTITUDE , again how old is that ??? , let you actually listen to the whole song in create a player . Here I listen to my characters music after he wins and it just stops mid way in the song ... LAME ! 11 -RRB- Legends do n't even come out to their music . ??? WHY ??? 12 -RRB- OMG SO MUCH BUTTON MASHING . Seriously , my wrists still hurt . There is just so much button mashing . Button mashing was invented by lazy game developers . Instead of putting in real ways to get out of holds . TAP ANY BUTTON AS HARD AS POSSIBLE . So yeah , eventually you get carpral tunnel syndrome . THANKS GUYS !!! 13 -RRB- Taunting does nothing !!! Remember in the n64 games where at least your attitude meter went up ??? NOT HERE !!! NOTHING !!! Yeah , so I think that 's about it . I was just totally let down by this game in nearly every sense , and I seriously feel I got ripped off for the $ 5 I paid for this used . Everything was just so lame and seemed broken almost . To put it mildy , TNA IMPACT is a better game than this ... and way more fun , too . I thought I was going to get a sense of nostalgia from when I used to love wrestling , but this only helped confirm what I already knew , WWE was getting lame and stupid around then . Thanks for help ruin the few good memories from back then with this atrocity of a game , guys !!! THE PRO 's ??? I got to be in a relationship with Sable for a bit without being Brock Lesnar . So that was cool . And since I bought this used , Vince and co. did n't get financial gain from my purchase . TAKE THAT PG WRESTLING COMPANY !!! BOTTOM LINE
 This game has been touted as the best of it 's kind , I guess it 's just not my kind of game .
 The opening sequence of this game is brilliant , as a parent it was really enjoyable to both me and my kids . However , we found just about everything else about the game to be less than expected . Perhaps our expectations were too high . I like that the game is non violent - but non violent should not translate to non - action . We have had the game for over a week and it was played for the first few days and that was it . My kids do n't have the desire or intention of playing it again . As someone who buys very few games and tries to only buy games that will get a lot of use to justify the high cost , I would not recommend this game .
 `` Tak and the Power of JuJu '' or `` Power of P ** P ** '' as my 10YO calls it , is a complete disappointment.It 's a treadmill of a game that feels more like work than play . We played for about 2 hours , patiently waiting , no hoping for something interesting to happen , but it never did . The gameis completely ordinary if not below the bar . The graphics are nothing if not mediocre . The character design was decent , but the execution in game was weak and glitchy . We also found thecutscenes and characterization got really old after a very short time . The big problem is there is just nothing happening . In a word , `` BORING '' . There were some decent ideas , like being able to ride the animals or be launched by the palm trees being pulled down by the monkey , but the execution left much to be desired . The camera system is bad , too much manual input was needed to keep your character on screen . There were also places , like when you jump onto thevines to swing where the camera started to spin around in nauseating fashion . The level design was uninspired , the game controls still need to be sorted . In the end this game is completely run of the mill.Considering the barrage of advertising they have been doing on Nickelodeon , you would think the quality of the game would have been a higher priority.If you are looking for a game for your kids I would recommend Sly Cooper , it is far superior in virtuallyevery judgeable aspect and it is still a game that we pick up and play tothis day.If your kids are begging you to check it out , I would strongly advise yourent before you buy .
 Not great not bad . Better choices out there but not the worst game our family has ever played.Graphics - 7.5 / 10Gameplay - 5/10Characters - 7.5 / 10Sound/Music - 7/10Fun - 5/10The good
 There seems to a high number of positive reviews on Amazon with regard to this game . Not to question the integrity of these posts , I would strongly caution anyone thinking about the purchase of this game to rent it or at least do some research on the internet . We purchased the game and were very sorry we did not look into the game prior to purchase . We read and listended to many of the posts here and after playing firmly disagree . While not a horrible game , it is not very good either.www.gamerankings.com is a site that has tons of reviews from different sources . Tak is reviewing medium to low .
 Warning this game will make your hands stink . Hunk of garbage - do n't be duped . Basic premise , wait , wait some more collect something so you can collect something else , which allows you to wait then collect more , which opens up the possibility to you guessed it collect something else . This game is about as much fun as 52 card pick up .
 This is so dumb i could rip this game in half LOL !!!!!! Dont Buy this game It Sucks Who wants this game CRUSH THIS GAME NOWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is so dumb i could rip this game in half LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dont Buy this game It Sucks
 Okay , I 'm going to be totally honest here . I HATED THIS GAME when I first played it . I had SO much trouble with the solar power thingy . I lost my gun power REPETITIVE times . I have played this game maybe three time and none of those times did I have fun.Once again , MEH ! Without having to hold this stupid game up to the sun every waking moment , I would have MUCH more fun with this game!This weekend , I 'm selling this game at a local game store . I 'll forget I ever bought it . -LRB- Please excuse any drama I may have cooked up . I 'm a very dramatic person , and I 'm proud enough to let it show . -RRB-
 Make sure you have a newer version of PS2 or you can not play this game !! My son got it for his b-day and our system -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- could not play the game . You are supposed to send your system into Sony for an upgrade that you have to pay for.Luckily , Toys R US was cool and gave us a credit instead .
 I bought this game and can only get 1 player to play it is suppose to be a 2 player game but ca n't get the second player to come on . If anybody knows how to help i would be greatful.thanks
 i didnt find tak and th epower of juju very fun ! It gets to be really hard and you have to collect about a million things and gets really old really fast .
 All you do in this game is collect 100 things about 5 times . it has bad cutsenes and it has bad camra views . p.s. it only looks cool on tv
 Ok . I saw all the commercials and they looked like Tak and the power of JU JU was going to be awesome . Okay so I buy a -LRB- ... -RRB- game . Sucks . It is hard to follow .
 THIS IS THE WORST GAME IVE EVERPLAYDTHEY MAKE YOU RUN AROUND AND
 if u got it for christmas or for your B - day then thats all right . But if u bought this your self then u got a huge problem . If u want to buy this load of crap stop well your ahead . The story line is half ass . The guy is so stupid he proably needs to figure out what his name is and it takes way to much memory for a bad game . If u want a good game look at resident evil 4 or grand theft auto .
 I do n't really like this game because all you do is fight .
 This game stinks ! Why ? Because Tak never dies , the plot is for those who ca n't understand other simple games , and the corny humor with bad graphics and too much hype . Oh , great , Nickolodeon decidesto release an `` originol '' game , and the result ? This load of crud . Trust me , if you want a GOOD game of this type , try a console Spongebob game . If you STILL wan na play it , you are very wierd .
 . How can this be a 5 star game . No way ! It 's stupid !! I 've had it for 2 days and i 'm already getting bored of it . The movies are ok , but the game play is boring , and most of the jokes are really corny . Spend your money on a different game , seriously .
 The graffics are pretty bad even considering that it 's a cartoon the voices for cosmo and wanda sound like they are talking through a pillow , you can barely hear let alone understand them and game play is extreamly repatative.I rented this from gamefly.com and I am so glad I did not shell out 40 dollars for this game .
 My son asked for this game because he likes the TV program . He was disappointed after playing it for a few minutes . It did n't compare well to Tak and the Power of JuJu , which he already had . He found it apparently is n't possible to save a game while exiting , although there is a menu item for loading a saved game . The little `` user manual '' was n't any help . We would n't have bought it if we 'd known what we do now .
 This must be the worst game of the year . It is raelly out of this world . The graphics are awful the control is awful and the game play is awful . Did i mention the graphis are awful .
 My children had been playing with Mario 's World and the Incredibles for over 3 months . We bought this game given the good reviews but after 1 day I am very disappointed . My kids have been for over 4 hours in level two , collecting points little by litte repeting the same routines ... they who love gamecube games , got really bored and turned it off . There are no indications whatsoever about what to do in order to enjoy this game .
 I purchased this game for me and my children and we did not find it fun at all . We 've enjoyed numerous platform games , but this one does not have much to offer . Monotonous and mundane ... I would look elsewhere for an enjoyable video game ... try simpsons hit and run ... spongebob `` battle '' is HORRIBLE !
 The game is not cool it is not callngin like the odd parnts game bay that .
 DO NOT BAY THES GAM . IT ARE BAAD . IT BE HAVEIN SPONGBAB IN IT . ME BE HATTIN IT VARRIE MUC . HE BE HAVIN BUK TUFS . HE BE HAVIN YELO ON HE . I VARRY SPESHAL .
 This game is a total flop . It has decent graphics which look very similar to the tv show ; it feels like you are in the cartoon . There is a variety of gameplay implemented -LRB- though poorly done -RRB- . Some levels you 'll fly like a helicopter , others you swing around like spiderman , by jumping from one building to the next . In other levels you are inside a video game and the enviroment looks like virtual reality . And there is also a level where you are robot in the microscopic world . Sounds like fun huh ? But it lacks the good humor from the tv show . It 's very frustrating because there is no mini-map or directional arrows , then you end up getting lost in the level ! This makes it too hard for the younger gamers and too boring for older gamers.I suggest that you get other kids game like `` Crash Bandicoot '' or `` I-Ninja `` Pros : + looks like the tv show + sounds like the tv show + variety in level play + good controlsCons : - stupid weapons-very , very short levels-very , very short game-you will get lost -LRB- no mini-map -RRB- - not as funny as tv show-too hard for kids-too boring for adults
 This game was PATHETIC !!!!! I bought it because I like the show and it SUCKS !!! I beat the whole game in 30 MINUTES !!! If you really want to try this game out -LRB- you probably do n't -RRB- RENT IT FIRST -LRB- I have temporarily taken over your mind by making you read this review -RRB-
 I love The Fairly OddParents , but I hate the developer Blitz Games . Conflict
 This game was a complete flop !! The game is like 20 minutes long , the weaponds are stupid , and there is no piont of playing this game -LRB- ... -RRB- !!! To easy , no strategy , not funny , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a good opertunity because THERES A FAIRLY ODD PARENTS GAME!But sadly it stinks!I love the tv show and when I saw it I thought it will rock well ... ITS HORRIBLE !!!! Ok lets go to the good things.Their are all the characters from the show like the fairys Cosmo and Wanda and their godchild Timmy Turner and much more.And the made the game cell shaded.Thats it for the good stuff.Everything else is worse ! Their are all the same voice acting as in the show but the voices sound like their fading away.And everything else so dont buy this garbage .
 This game is the crappiest game ever . Never get it !!!! It 's not fun at all the characters are so stupid they talk most of the time and you cant wish for a machinegun or a tank !!! -LRB- ... -RRB- Well that is all I have to say .
 At the time , it was $ 40.00 on Pre-Order . We pre-ordered . I got it . I looked at the graphics and talking animation . Bad . The developers did n't work very hard . It 's totally easy . Graphics and the noises , everything fairly bad . No 2003 graphics . Rather 1998 graphics . Not so bad , but not really recommended .
 I saw this game at some 's house.crap is what it was.You have to wait to wish for cruddy stuff -LRB- not to mentio the graphics -RRB- . I 'd avoid this game.This should be called Superly retarded poopheads.I 'm not a good writer , but you get my point.If you want to pay something fun , play ratchet and clank , jak and daxter , prince of persia , grand theft auto , metal slug , mechassualt , or halo.Just do n't buy fairly odd parents .
 This game is not on the level of the other Nick Games we have played . My son and I just finished Sponge Bob
 You probably do n't know this game . Nintendo 64 games are better ! They 're making the current console systems look bad ! Why did a waste 40 bucks ?!?! Mouth animation does n't go with them talking . Story is n't very good . Levels are short and easy . Almost the only thing you do is jump and run . It 's also boring . Non-humorous like the show . The Ultimate Challenge -LRB- the last stage -RRB- is the easiest part of the game ! And graphics
 Now , i own this game and i realy hated it . thu graphics r very poor and thu gameplay is 2 easy . 4 evry1 who is looking 2 buy this game , im telling u at thu most just rent it !
 I purchased this game for me and my children and we did not find it fun at all . We 've enjoyed numerous platform games , but this one does not have much to offer . Monotonous and mundane ... I would look elsewhere for an enjoyable video game ... spongebob `` battle '' is HORRIBLE !
 This game is a sad shell of an even worse tv show . All you do is play a Spongebob -LRB- what kind of name is that , anyway ? -RRB- and friends to stop the `` evil '' plankton -LRB- who is 1/10 your size -RRB- from taking over Bikini Bottom . This includes you doing simple puzzles and figuring out useless plot elements . Overall , the game has bad gameplay , bad controls , PS2-ish graphics , and a horrible plot trying to connect with the tv show .
 This game is dumb , do n't waste your money get Sonic Heroes . On spongebob all you do is run around as a sponge named Spongebob -LRB- what kind of name is that anyway -RRB- anyway all you do is run around solving dumb elements and usless plots . Its just a stupid game copying off of a dumb show . This is a dumb game do n't buy it if you do buy it for your little kids , it would make a bad present for a 12 year old . I mean a talking sponge what the heck !
 Ok . Let me just say that I LOVE the Fairly Oddparents Television show . I bought this game the day it came out . I was horrified when I started to play it . All you do is kill bad guys . It is not even half fun . Another horrible thing about it is that you have to enter passwords to start from where you were , instead of saving . The passwords are like 10 digits long . They 're horrible . You ca n't tell the difference between an I and a 1 in the password . If you are a big Oddparents fan , like me , I suggest that you RENT IT , before you buy it .
 i bought it thinking it will be fun because i love the show , but it wasnt i beat it in 30 minutes.the game play was horible the story line stunk.do not buy this game
 If You Like The Show And You Think This Game Will Be Cool , You Are Wrong , It Is Nothing Like The Show.The Show Is Good But The Game Is n't ! So Stay Away From This Game Period !!!
 Its just awful . Bad everything . Yet another terrible liscence trying to get our money by attaching another t.v. brand to a dire little computer game . I was not a happy gamer .
 I have this game andit stinks . I do n't like it very much . It is stupid and you do the same things over and over again .
 If you are a dedicated Star wars fan you might want to buy this game but I would recomend buying a different one . The Missions are very repetitive -LRB- therfore eliminating any replay value -RRB- and the vehicles a VERY powerful , oh and did I mention that you can pilot an At-AT ;-RRB- , but really , one hit from one and BOOM your already dead before you can even see what just shot you . Did I tell you about the online play ? IT 'S TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!! The animation is not at all smooth , no clans , mics sound weird , not many people on , very one sided usually , join in in the middle of games , only can talk to your team , not sure if there is much of a buddy system but then again most people on there seem like nerds , and the whole lag symbol thing , unless you have a t5 connection or something extremely fast , you better get to know Mr. lag symbol well . The Hit miss addition is a great idea in all the bad stuff and I like all the different options like fps or 3ps camera veiw and the auto-aim or manual . For a serious gamer you could finish it fairly fast without much of a problem , even in hard mode . I would like it if you could pick up different weapons instead of automaticaly having 2 picked out for you when you spawn . also it seems that your side ca n't fight and you are the super-duper galactical hero on you team , your teamates might get 5-6 kills and 10-20 deaths while you easily get 80 kills -LRB- my record is 88 -RRB- and 10 deaths . airiel combat is hard because of the very small enviroments , and if you have an ai in a vehicle with you , be the pilot your self !!!!! I had an ai run me into a wall until it exploded , talk about stupid ai!I like the command post idea but i think there should be more multiplayer gameplay modes . This game will be collecting dust after 1 week of playing it for sure .
 I thought this game would be awesome based on the reviews but it sucks . The graphics are blurry and pixelated.I have an awesome HDTV so no it 's not my screen . Very disappointed .
 The idea behind the game is to keep attcking and taking over enemy checkpoints . The graphics are pretty good , but operating the vehicles stinks . The X-Wing , Y-Wing , Tie Fighter , etc are cool but it 's like trying to drive a dump truck in a two car garage . Online the characters move very slow across a board and you are stuck with the weapons your character starts with . I own both SOCOMs and nothing compares to that online gameplay . The online play here is a constant respawn until one team occupies and kills the other teams reawn points , and knocks out their 250 soldiers/droids . Headsets due work , but it is a constantly open mike . I recommend renting it but do n't buy it .
 This game had such high hopes . Unfortunately it was rushed out to coincide with the release of the trilogy on DVD . The major draw is , of course , online play . Online play however is truly awful . The PS2 version is totally handicapped by a poor online lobby . You can only see about 6-7 games at a time and you ca n't scroll down fast enough to choose one . The PC games should n't even be listed since you 're on a PS2 . Why ? It just clogs up the lobby . And I 'm not a big fan of gamespy anyway , so that 's 2 strikes . You can only play against 3 other human players , so you may as well play single player . Oh well . Do yourself a favor and rent this one or wait until it 's only 20 bucks or so . This really hammers home the point that George Lucas only cares about the greenbacks .
 Basically , this is the first FPS game I 've bought . It 's alright , and I like how you can play as the Empire . Unfortunately though , in Galactic Conquest mode , on the difficulty level `` Hard '' , it 's nearly impossible to win against the Rebels . Sure , a human player could easily rack up 50-60 kills on each level , but if you 're just playing single player , forget about your AI teammates helping you out . Most of them just stand around and get killed , and hardly ever look for cover when being fired upon . Of course , the opposing AI , the Rebels , do splendidly well . Unfortunately I 've played it on `` Medium '' difficulty and it 's just way too easy . There should n't be such a disparity between medium and hard , since although hard is very challenging , it 's almost impossible to beat , and you will get frustrated really fast -- especially since on the leaders board you will end up with like 60 kills , 9 deaths , and then the AI player below you on your team will end up with 5 kills and 10 deaths . And do n't even think about flying anything . The controls are just way too awkward . Hopefully there 's some techno-geek out there working on a way to let players use the Jedi .
 Man , I really , REALLY wanted to like this game . I 've been waiting for months for its release . Now that I have it , I can say that I am thoroughly disappointed . So-so graphics , one-dimensional single player , and one of the WORST multiplayer games on the ps2 . I 've read a few game sites ' review of this game , and I have to wonder if they played the same game that I bought ... Let 's get this straight right now ... there is NO DIFFERENCE between single player and multiplayer in terms of objectives . The only difference is that in multiplayer , you are playing with/against other players as well as AI bots . This game is n't like SOCOMII -LRB- a game it will be constantly compared to , fairly or not -RRB- , where the single player game has different goals and employs a different style of play than the multiplayer . If you play the single player missions , you 'll have a pretty good idea of what multiplayer is going to be like.Speaking of multiplayer , maybe it 's because I 'm such a fan of SOCOMII , but I do n't like the fact that the multiplayer games are all respawn games . Unlike SII , where once you die you need to wait for the round to be over , in SW : BF once you die , you wait a random length -LRB- between 1 and 15 seconds -RRB- and then you can respawn with a different character and from any of your team 's respawn points . once you take away the fear of being eliminated from the round , you also take away a big chunk of the strategy aspect of the game . so far , i 've only been in games where everyone was a chicken with their head cut off . there is very little planning or teamwork involved.it does n't take much to die in this game . i guess it 's because you can respawn freely , but i found it extremely frustrating that no matter how much I dodge , or hide , it only takes about two shots to take down a player . snipers will rule this game . there are some good hiding spots , and players get so caught up in the skirmishes , that a halfway decent sniper could park just outside the main action and rack up the kills.the one thing i like about this game over SII is that so far , lag does n't seem to be a factor . Maybe it 's because the game is new and there are still a lot of people who do n't have it , but I have no complaints about the connection quality . What I do have a problem with is the fact that if you jump online there are no clans , no buddy lists , no search functions , NOTHING . C'mon LucasArts or Gamespy or whoever runs this show , you worked so hard on this game , why not go the extra mile -LRB- is it even the extra mile to include these functions in a game anymore ??? -RRB- and make it a little more attractive to players?I understand that for those Star Wars fans , you 're going to buy this game no matter what . I wrote this for the folks who are on the fence about buying it . I can say , as a fan of Star wars and third person games , that this game is not all it 's cracked up to be . if i had it to do over , I would n't buy this game .
 Battlefront was fun for about a day or two . It would be best to rent it before you buy it . This game is a little disapointing like some other star wars titles in the past -LRB- Clone War , Power Battles -RRB- and it 's not really worth the $ 49.99 price tag . There is just something missing.People who are calling this the `` GTA Vice City of Star Wars '' are crazy . The controls for the X-Wings and Tie fighters are so clunky and the big battle campaigns can be completed in a couple of hours on the hardest setting . Do n't get me wrong it IS fun but it does not live up to the hype .
 I ordered Star Wars Battlefront 1 , but I received Star Wars Battlefront 2 in the mail . I was expecting to get the first one , but instead I was sent the second .
 The battles in this game are kind of short , and , what 's worse , winning them does n't depend on the level of player participation ! As one reviewer noted , you can win many battles in this game by killing one enemy , or none at all . Maybe it 's different with online play , but I 've not ventured into that arena yet , and have no plans to in the future.The graphics are much like the CGI of most George Lucas films ; they 're kinda pretty and also kinda plastic and dull . The same goes for the sound effects . The laser blasts sound ... well they do n't have that much `` ump . '' Also noted by one reviewer , the player is n't at the center of the action in this game . It 's just an all around dull experience ; I wo n't be renting the sequel .
 this game had so much hype surronding it when it was released . . sure the graphics are good blah blah blah but the gameplay had lots of bugs and control issues as well . . it felt like it was rushed to be sold alongside the original trilogy dvd set last year ... this game is made strictly for the online gamer as you can tell which is sort of unfair because there are people that do not like playing games online such as myself i dont relish having some dippy kid or moron screaming in my ear saying stupid things as im trying to unwind playing a game . . i tried playing this game on my own and it was no fun at all i put mine up on ebay and got my cash back ... now fast forward to november 1st 2005 we got the revenge of the sith dvd on sale and BAM !! star wars battlefront 2 on the same day !! ... im going to rent this game first and see whats up with it . . it looks good dont get me wrong but im jaded from the first one . . although one major IMPROVEMRNT is that they actually have a single player storyline where you can play as a stormtrooper in vaders elite 501st legion which should be fun and interesting also , you can play as vader , yoda and classic characters but im hoping this is true and not the '' you have to finish the whole game and then surprise ! they are unlockable '' . . thats very misleading its this kind of crap that the developers pulled on the ultimate spider man game . . and it had alienated a lot of gamers on that title i hope that dosent happen here with this one . . but it wont surprise me if they pull this . . besides , theres always cheat codes i suppose . . star wars battlefront 2 should have been released as a launch day game for the new x box 360 system i mean its only a few weeks away , this could have been the first next gen star wars game ! in short if you have to pick up this game try getting it used for a lower price/or try renting it . . its not worth the 50 plus dollars ... and as for battlefront 2 . . i suggest that you rent it first before you buy itlet the buyer beware . .
 This game is fun at first , but gets old way too fast . Their are n't very many different places to go so they get pretty old . And although every battle is tecnickly different , the computer played bad guys do pretty much the same thing every time , so even the battles get old . It might be fun to play multiplayer - I do n't know , I 've never tried - but I doubt it . There are some fun things about it that keeps it relatively playable , but not many . If you find this game at a yard sale for a small amount of money -LRB- as I did -RRB- , go ahead and get it , but it 's not worth more than about $ 10 .
 Unless your very small or you like extremely repetitive gaming , this isnt for you . This practically one buttoned game can be fun with multiplayer and for the first few months . But after that its not worth it .
 I ordered this game for my grandson . It is the first time I ever ordered a used game but the description said it was in like new condition . Well the game freezes up when he tries to play it and I no longer have the receipt to return it . I am very disappointed and will not order used merchandise again .
 It 's a Star Wars game , but it 's a pretty bad one . Ok , the graphics look awesome , as a multi-player game I could see this being good . Single player mode can have two extreems , easy or hard . Those are n't selectable settings , but the way you choose to play . At each `` level '' your character becomes immediately involved in a large battle , your character is one of many fighting this battle and there are no specific goals other than taking over command post . You can elect to piloting ships , steal an AT-AT etc. . but this really only serves to bring a loose bit of freedom . It makes the game a giant mush without any order to it . You can fall back and let the computer controlled team mates win the level for you or you can engage in combat and -LRB- usually -RRB- be destroyed almost immediately . Bottom line , this is a poor game . One of the worst Star Wars games ever made . Save your money .
 this game was to easy . i beat in a day.its not hard at all !!! th grapics -LRB- ... -RRB- . and i have a ATI radeon 8000 . i m dissapointed in this game i really am
 Star Wars Battlefront . The best-selling Star Wars game ever . HA ! This game is a truck-full of old banana peels . The style of shooting is blah , the droids die almost immediately and it gives a poor rendition of `` all the great Star Wars battles . '' To the makers , that ment the droid and clone armies fighting to the finish and Rebels and Imperials shootin ' eachother . But to great Star Wars fans like me , this includes the battle in Episode V between Luke and Vader and the Episode I joust between Darth Maul , Qui-Gon Jinn , and Obi-Wan Kenobi , plus others . The gameplay is difficult and a lot of times I got killed was because of the stupid targeter keeping me glued in one direction and I could n't see that Rebel from behind ! And the characters weapons are all trash ecxept the snipers which hardly ever hit . Take my advice . Buy Battlefront 2 in November and leave this depressing pigsty on the ground .
 Hi there ! I got this game for my husband , whom had been wanting it since he loves Zero Mostel , it had over 20 worlds was new ect ... . WELL . . it does have lotttts of wookies , BUT the graphics is mmmm pretty good i guess , The save game Does NOT work & there are22 total levels with 15 missions each level YOU CANT DIE or you have to start all over again !!!! it wont save what you have accomplished so far !!!! WOW come on !! Then you get so far and at the end of one of the levels the last At-AT is totaly unbeatable not in any mode or setting the jedi trips out extremely erradicaly and to fast for you to catch !!! there are no real instuctions or context to the little book it shows the planes & controls for the joyatick or keyboard is all , , and this is a 4 cd game !! help costs you at least 2.00 $ a minute or more ... I have also read reviews that come from people who really are into the Star Wars thing and they say the same its not worth it !! Compared to say CAll Of Duty it sucks the big one !!!!
 I waited and waited for this game to come out , then ran to get it . Boy , was i dissapointed . Playing the game doesnt have that cinematic feel . You feel immersed , but with no control . There is no real evolution as such . Just a shoot em up . Thats it ! Graphics are ok . I sold mine the same day . Am going to buy an XBOX with KOTR . Ive had it wating for ps2 to get some good star wars games together . Never gon na happen ...
 I bought this game after looking at under the PS2 section and purchased it . After it arrived i found out that it 's for the PC and it 's a DVD . If you zoom in on the picture it even say 's this . After this little dissapointment i went ahead and tried to install it on my computer . My DVD drive did n't even recognize the disk . This particaular version of the game as far as i can tell really sucks and if i were you i would avoid it with every part of your being . The other titles on the other hand are great . But please do not even attempt to click the purchase button on this titel . Especially if you do n't have a computer .
 Well , this game was an okay game . The graphics were good , and the audio was nice and all , but in order to appreciate and have fun with the game , you have to understand a lot of political terms and junk , which I do n't , so I did n't enjoy the game very much . Try the demo first before you buy it to see if you can understand it all .
 When I ordered Bejeweled & Alchemy -LRB- Mac -RRB- I thought it was Bejeweled 2 Deluxe . It does n't have all the bells and whistles that has . I was somewhat disappointed .
 Good game . I got a lot of items , and I beat the whole game.Hard if aiming for `` Bonus rounds '' .
 First off , I 'm a huge fan of Beyblade , but I have to say this is one of , if not THE worst game I have ever played . For one thing , this is suppposed to be Beyblade V-Force , and the characters all have their old Blades from the first season . The sound effects are awfull , the `` bit-beast attacks '' are plain and boring , and the graphics look like a mediocre Gameboy Color game . Most of all though , the gameplay is n't even fun , it 's not even good for passing a couple of minutes . I feel Atari totally missed the whole concept of Beyblade , instead of it being a battling game , it 's more like a boring version of Super Monkey Ball . If you want a real Beyblade game , try Beyblade GRevolution . It 's pretty short , but it still has the same feel as the show , a lot of nice customization options too .
 I was not satissfied with the game Manhunt because the review that was written about the product was false . the game did not work properly and lagged completely throughout the time i played it . terrible review for a terrible product .
 i bought this product a couple days ago it turned on and would n't load past when you click play!i tryed to email the provider and got nothing back!do not buy this product it does n't work and the seller does n't do anything to help their customers !
 While Rockstar has proved itself in the gaming world by producing incredible games with depth , character , and shall we say , `` diverse '' subject matter ; Manhunt falls awfully short on all these levels . Although the premise is interesting -LRB- interesting enough for people just to buy the game based on a snuff flick -RRB- , its execution -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- lacks the elements which we have all come to expect from rockstar.Based on the same engine used in the GTA series , we control a poorly rendered character in a poorly rendered environment . After playing GTA , one would expect a much larger urban sprawl than the skimpy levels we 're given . Instead , we 're given maybe one or two -LRB- real -RRB- paths to any given goal . Which contrary to belief , does not make the game dynamic.Chase cams get awkward when confronted with certain elements , making you lose sight of enemies and objects . This gets especially annoying when u think you 're gon na finish that kill and end up kicking a can . Subsequently , getting your ass kicked.Silly missions and triggers make the game more of a chore than an enjoyable experience . In one , you have to utilize a crane to ... drop a refrigerator on gang members shoooting nails at you . The applauded `` Drunk Driving '' level is nothing but a little added fluff that adds nothing to the game but annoyance.Enemy AI ... . what ? I 've seen math problems with more surprises.Manhunt , like all rockstar games , had the potential to be something incredible . Unfortunately , it was not realized .
 I was very much looking forward to this game , since I think that the idea is awesome . Instead , I was let down , disappointed and frustrated at what might have been . Here is the rundown : GRAPHICS
 If you are expecting something something along the lines and quality of GTA : Vice City-Forget it.I do n't have a problem with a violent , adult orientated game . Hey , it can be fun to play a homicidal maniac . But this game just gets repetitive and dull . Hide in shadows ... Kill . Hide . Kill . You do n't even have any real combos when you do have to fight an opponent . It gets old really fast.I 'm quite surprised that with the reputation that Rockstar has , they would release a game of this low quality . The graphics are n't that great , the action slow and tedious.I 'm glad I got this game as a gift instead of purchased - I would have been very angry at the loss of my money . If you must know about this game , RENT BEFORE YOU BUY !!
 First word of advice , game sucked really bad . Why the hell would you want to play some guy that kills people with gay little hoods ... c'mon the storyline totally suxs . Ummm ... what was up with the static clips the whole time ... i mean i know the camera is kinda well , yeah filming but this is a game not an old camera , and if it is then that is more of a reson not to buy this game . Everything sucked , camera angles , guns were ok but still , doesnt really make you want to kick sum ass , and well the worst thing that happened to me was that i was on the last level and i needed some help to figure out what i was suppossed to do -LRB- I guess it was the special moves -RRB- and i started a new game , knowing that my original save would still be there , and guess what happened ? ALL my manhunt saves were deleted.Wow ! fun game ! If you like this to give it 5 stars , you havent played a real video game .
 but this game sucks . i do n't mind so-called ` mindless violence ' in games , but this game signals a new low-point for the genre . i acutally rented this game because i heard the hype about it , how it was so violent and etc etc. boy was i fooled . it 's not the violence that makes this game suck , this game sucks anyway . rockstar should be ashamed for making this game . i really ca n't think of a game that i 've played in the last couple of years that is as bad as this.avoid !
 Hide , hide , hide and hide . Kill , kill , kill and kill.Something wrong with my review ? Yes , redundancy , awkward , and brainless . Well , that 's what this game is all about.This is a typical game made by Rock Star . A good idea came up with terrible execution . Exactly like the way the did GTA III series . Yes , you read it right . I did n't made mistake . The game of the year , GTA III series.Manhunt and GTA share something in common . First of all , they all got horrible graphic . Hard to image that it 's the same company who made Max Payne II . Secondly , they are all so-not-detail oriented which I personally believe it 's the fundamental attitude to make a good games . This is the attitude that makes Japanese games superior and American games stupider . Probably this is the attitude made Toyota surpassed Ford.Anyway , if you love GTA series , this game is just that style and wo n't let you down . However , if you 're those few who disagree the previews about GTA III or Vice City in all major video magazines in the market , stay away !!
 I will put it this way , this is a sick game that makes you feel like the most worthless person in the world . I have sadly played and I returned if after 30 minutes of play time . The whole games is pointless . You can find better entertainment other places . But i have to say if you are just a little interested as I was , try for yourself and make up your own mind , but just do not buy it .
 why the violence ??? oh yeah its the only way it will sell ... this game crossed that line and deserves to be banned . besides it just plain sux and is way over rated ... if this is what the video game industry is going to be about , then I 'm gon na retire my controller and this junky hardware called playstation 2 !
 I love rockstar games like grand theft auto 3 and vice city but this is horrible . It 's horrible ! You 're a killer on trial for execution but then you ecsape and KILL KILL KILL ! This is horrible ! It 's like a new generation ! Why did rockstar make such a game with such brutality . I mean this game could invulence kids to be serial killers when they grow up . After this it 's a ok game . Fun shooting game but ; darn dude way to much bloody gorey violence !
 When I played this game at my friend 's house , i was ready to lose my lunch over the intensity of gore in this game . you can slice peoples ' throats wide open , and leave them there screaming for mercy . I wasnted to throw up . Also , this game displayes racism towards many ethnic groups , giving me another reason to not buy it , because I am one of those ethnics . Parents , if there is one game I would NEVER reccommend you buying for you or your kids , it is definitley this game . I have never seen a game this evil and prejudice against cultures in my 13 years on the planet earth . also , you can take axes and throw them at peoples heads , leaving their brains spilled out all over the ground , or you can literally blow them in half with a shotgun . This game must be taken off the market . There is too much of this racism going on in the world today , and these pointless games make it worse . If you have ever played `` The Getaway '' which is a game for PS2 , similar to Grand Theft Auto , and you see the horrible level of racism in that game , multiply that by 3 , and you have `` Manhunt . '' It is worse than Grand Theft Auto Vice City!We do n't need this kind of thing in video games ! Think of all thew other good games we have for our consoles ! If you have XBox , gat halo , or brute force , or if you have gamecube , get a mario party game ! If you have PS2 , get Medal of Honor , or Splinter Cell ! What I am trying to point out is that there are other video games out there that are better than this and do n't include this graphic racism and violence . Think about it , and make the right decision . Think of the minds of your kids and how these sorts of games are brainwashing their generation that different races are bad . It 's all GARBAGE.One final statement
 THis game was fun for about two hours , then it became more of the same old thing . Sneak up behind a guy , kill him and move on to the next guy who you end in the same manner . OVER AND OVER!The fighting mechanics are terrible , you are a big burly Vin Deisel look alike who has to hit the average baddie about 10 times just to knock him down , yeah right . If the fighting and combos were better and the game had more story -LRB- it technically has NO story whatsoever -RRB- I may have liked it more.Rent before you buy !
 Imagine the skimpiestest possible set-up for this game 's weak premise -LRB- a guy wakes up , is told to kill-kill-kill , and he obeys with out question -RRB- , a brain-dead plot , bad graphics , repetitive gameplay , stale level design and truely mindless gore and you 've got Manhunt . Bad , dumb , boring . GTA-3 , GTA-VC , Max Payne - they 've all got gore aplenty but they 've also got fisrt rate plots , gameplay and design . Stay far , far away from this waste of time ...
 I expected a game that was challenging , gory , perverted , sick and with a very dark atmosphere that instantly draws your attention and keeps it for more than 30 minutes . Instead I got the most repetitive and boring video game ever made . And what about the gore?Well it is OK , but it is far from being the most violent or gory video game ever created . That is simply nonsense . Do not waste your money or time unless your intelligence is comparable to that of a chimp . Sorry , even a chimp would get bored .
 Maybe this game was controversial when released . I guess that was part of the attraction.But the game play is rather dull . For a great deal of the game , you walk around with a club . Clubbing people to death just does n't do it for my like the flash of a gun muzzle.You have to sneak up on people to kill them , or you get mauled . Stealth is fun to a point , but its tedious after three or four levels . After two levels of nothing but clubs and bricks , I was like `` enough already ! Bring on the guns ! `` Just plain boring .
 all you do is hide and killone of the dumbest games out there if not stupidi have more fun sleeping than playing this garbage gamerockstar is going down hill if you ask menot even worth forty nine dollarslousy excuse for a gamei actually have used mine as a coffee saucer
 What I find more disturbing than the subject of this game is the insanely bad grammar and spelling of the people who rated it the highest . There seems to be an inverse relationship between level of litereracy and the love of this game . You people need to get some balance in your lives and expect more from yourselves .
 Okay , as if we do n't have enough killing games already . GTA3 VC and other games are all fine and dandy , but this is just dumb . There is no point to it . It 's stupid and everything is very fake and lloks dumb . I ca n't believe people play this crap .
 I rented this game from Blockbuster , I popped it in and was really excited since I 've been waiting for a long time to play this game and was actually saving up the cash to buy it . I did as the game instructed , I turned out the lights and was prepared to kill . For about 10 minutes I thought this was the best game ever but my expectations quickly dwindled through out the game . All you do is sneak , hide and kill over and over and over again . Nothing different , nothing special . It quickly became tedious and dull . Yes the executions are cool but only if you do n't get spotted . Once you do get spotted you 're in for boring fighting or running away . Also I would n't compare this game to GTA . GTA was fun and exciting , had a great storyline , cool weapons , freedom most games do n't allow , with a good amount of gore . Manhunt is just plain dull after 10 minutes , I 'm not even gon na bother completing it . I 'm just gon na take this back to Blockbuster and after writing this review I 'm wiping it from my wishlist .
 The problem with this game is it is alot of fun for the first ten minutes and than after that all u do is repeat the same murder scenarios over and over . Sitting in the shadows for 10 minutes waiting for some stupid ape of a gang member to walk away isnt my idea of fun , it is just tedious . Rent it first just in case u might feel the same way . If u dont mind repetitive killing than u will love this game .
 This has mostly the older style slots with 3 reels and one payline . Has some of the 5 reel games , and they are ok , not great . Lots of video poker variety , if you are into that , which I am not . One disc of the 3 pack needs a codec file download which costs $ 15 , and there is no free or trial version for this codec file , so that disc will not work right . For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , this set was not what I was hoping for .
 I bought this to install on a Netbook , none of which come with a CD Rom drive . While I was able to map a drive on another computer on my home network and install the games , I discovered that the games would not play without the CD Rom mounted . This was not explained on the Amazon web site , nor on the Reel Deal site . The Reel Deal tech support people just blew me off with no help or sympathy.Now I have games that I can not use or return .
 Ok , listen up ... at first it seemed like it would be okay but then I get the game installed . First you need a recommended 256mb of ram . Which I only have 128mb which in part is my fault . But anyway I get it installed find out the controls are really just TOO simple ! Starsiege Tribes has more complicated controls . Also there is no multiplayer mode or anything . I am a BIG fan of anime so I like the mech designs but they 're too reminisant of Neon Genisis Evangelion to me . So anyway I start the game . It pissed me off that you had to go through training for such simple of controls and that you ca n't skip it without cheating with the level skip code . The levels are long and remind me of tomb raider . The story line does n't seem that deep to me . If you beg to differ I can name some animes which offer far better plots . I hate it that you ca n't switch weapons from mech to mech . The fact that you ca n't have jump jets because thats just something you 'd think you should have when your in a mech . Also that you can die somehow by falling onto your heels of your mech it 's like you ripped your acheles tendon then fell and broke your spine rrgh !!! The cut scene animation is n't that special.This game is just more like a sequel to Shogo ! ...
 There 's a reason this game is only $ 10 . The controls were too simple . Left click fires the gun and right click fires the missles ... and then you shoot the targets . That 's pretty much the whole game . The graphics were n't even good . You 'll get your $ 10 worth which is n't much . Ignore the impulse to buy this game .
 I received Reel Deal Casino yesterday . Game took forever to load . I played approximately 2 hours and the game froze twice . I had to shut down and start up again to continue playing . Graphics are good . Did not get to view all aspects of the game as yet but I am quite disappointed in this game because play is interupted by freezing . If you do not mind the bugs go ahead and buy it .
 O.k. , I realize that gambling in a casino is usually a losing proposition . The casino has the edge , and though you may win from time to time -LRB- and occassionaly hit it big -RRB- the casino , over time will always win.Well , with this game it 's almost the exact opposite , the casino almost always wins - every hand.Take blackjack for instance , the dealer has a five as the up card ? You can just about guarantee that their hole card is a 4 , 5 or 6 - and they hit and get a 10 for 19 , 20 or 21 - that will happen 90 % of the time.Also , it seems to be inconsistent with the rules it uses . Sometimes you can split tens , sometimes you ca n't . Sometimes you can double down , other times you ca n't . It 's hard to figure out and a bit maddening to be fair.I got bored playing this rather quickly - I got tired of playing 21 because the dealer is always on a `` lucky '' streak . I got tired of playing poker because the best you can get is a pair - though your opponents always seem to get 2 pair or a straight.Overall , I 'd have to say it 's a terrible game and a waste of money.I 'd rather go waste my money at a casino than to buy this game again !
 This product was a real DUD . Not very satisfied . The banter is monotonous and play not that realistic .
 Freezes up every few games . Takes too long to switch between games . Is not very fast and soon became boring . Please buy another game . You will be glad you did.I owned this game for less than ten hours and threw it away.Buy something else .
 The software has to load every time you change a game . It is so slow even with the cd in . You can not run the game by itself . The play is unrealistic and hard to understand what to do when the game screen is on your computer . We bought it for a gift . We are glad we tried it before we gave it . We are not giving it . We are now searching for another game . If i had a choice to give no stars i would .
 Do not buy this game if you want to learn craps and/or blackjack . Within 1 hour of playing , I experienced 4-5 incorrect payoffs at craps -LRB- even with the patch installed from phantom 's website -RRB- . Furthermore , when playing blackjack , it would allow me to split a ten and a jack , something most casinos wo n't let you do . Until they get the games right , I 'd stay away .
 Extremely out of date , terrible graphics , Five dollars would be too much money . Spend the money on a new generation casino game such as Reel Deal .
 The algorithms used for this program are absolutely the worst . The programmer needs to learn about random number generaters since the cards tend to fall in patterns . And it is too easy to figure out what the computer players have in the poker games . The only good point is that there is a variety of games . I would only recommend it for younger kids .
 Gets boring very quickly . Out of the 5 disc set , only 3 installed properly and work . Installation was hard . The pin `` ball '' does not move as it should . Sometimes the sound pops and crackles . Out of 30 pinball tables , only 3 are fair . I was very disapointed . My advice ... Buy the Microsoft Pinball Arcade .
 But , unfortunately , 95 % of the games in Pinball Madness 4 will not work properly on most XP Pentium computers . The balls in these games only move in a very jerky fashion -LRB- and the ball physics is already quite bad as it is in these old , low-end pinball titles -RRB- . Almost all of the games in Pinball Madness 4 are completely unplayable due to this problem , except for `` Fantastic Journey '' -LRB- the only premium title in this entire CD compilation -RRB- . If you want the ultimate pinball game , then try and find `` ProPinball
 Having enjoyed Europa Universalis , I thought I 'd give this one a try also . A game using the EU system set in ancient/classical Europe should work and be fun . However :1 . There is no campaign game , only a few scenarios
 I came , I saw , and I was vanquished before I could even get to the game itself . Although it 's supposed to work with Windows XP , I never could get the game to start
 This is the worst game `` out of the box '' I 've ever played , more bugs than you can shake a stick at , crashes to desktop , no real useful or helpful tutorial or manual . You 'll be pulling your hair out within five minutes of installation . This is yet another one of those `` BUY IT NOW , WE 'LL FIX IT LATER '' games out of the box , EXCEPT this time , there 's NO FIX for it , it 's been almost two months and no patch fix that will make the game run correctly and fix the bugs and flaws is available yet and now some idiot moderator is just banning anyone that says anything bad about the game on the official forum . My suggestion stay away from this one completely . It 's worse than SUK but I ca n't say that word here . ; -RRB-
 To all Roman History gamers : Stay away from this turkey unless you want to pick up a real swordand go postal .
 Do n't let the box fool you ! This is NOT `` Gran Turismo '' 1 , 2 or 3 for your PC ! This is more like `` Pole Position '' with more cars . The graphics STINK , the controls STINK , the user interfaces STINK , this game STINKS ! I do n't care if it 's $ 19.95 , $ 9.95 or just plain $ .95 , IT 'S NOT WORTH BUYING ! By the way , I did n't care too much for it .
 I would rather jab my self in the eye with a stick , than look at this game on my PC . The controls are terrible , the graphics are below sub-standard . Do n't let the box or description fool you this game SUCKS !!!!! I want my money back !! The only reason I gave it one star is because I had too . Oh yeah , I do have a crankin system that can handle any games graphical or speed demands .
 I bought this game as I had a gift voucher , I wish I just bought an audio cd instead!The pictures on the cover make it out to be on par with GT3 for the PS2 how could I go wrong I thought!I loaded the game up , to be faced with an annoying soundtrack which repeated it self , then to the game itself , the car graphics were close to that of GT2 for the PS1 but not as presice . The feel is horible and the tyre screech does n't coordinate with the movement of the car ... eg if you move the car from side to side quite eratically there is no audio feed back until it 's too late.The interface between games is poor with menu after menu of huge boring looking menus , maybe I did n't give this game a chance but it 's nowhere near GT2 or GT3 and I would n't waste your money , wait till it becomes a fiver and even then be prepared to be dissaponted.to some it up this game is utter drivel !!!
 Sega Gt has to be one of the worst racing games I have ever played . Look at the graphics . YEAH THEY SUCK . Shall I tell you more . No . not yet . it is sooooooo dreadful and has rubbish handling and the control is the woooooooooooooorst ever !!!!!!!! you spin out very easily and developers Wow Entertainment and SEGA have not done what they expected and did with the dreamcast original . Empire had made Total Immersion Racing excellent because of Razorworks . And the graphics are rubbish too . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS SO -LRB- ... -RRB- DREADFUL !!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 When I saw that this game came out , I wanted it . I had played it on the Dreamcast before , and at the time , SegaGT was better than Gran Turismo -LRB- that is before Gran Turismo 3 came out -RRB- . All the cars is this game handle realistically , that 's a plus for those realistic racing fanatics . You can play by keyboard , joystick , or wheel with not a whole lot of customizations for key configurations . The biggest dissappointment with the game is I though I would get good graphics coming over from the Dreamcast . I was wrong . Even though you need at least a 4MB video card , it 's almost like playing on a Playsation One ...
 This game looks great on the packaging , I read a lot of positive reviews on line . I bought the game , and LO and BEHOLD , even with a PII 300 , and a Voodoo 3 video card -LRB- 16MB -RRB- , and 160Mb RAM , NO TEXTURES !!! All cars are shiny black , with no colors , and no textures . It looks awful ! -LRB- But , gameplay is decent , and the tracks are very nicely detailed -RRB- . If I could find a patch out there to fix the textures , I 'd probably reinstall the game . ...
 Thats pretty much all i can say
 I found that the control keys did not respond as they should.Sometimes when you hit the key nothing happened and other timesthey responded so slow that it was inpossible to play . I amjust sorry that I can not get my money back and wished that Ihad not bought the download !
 Please do yourself a favor and do not buy . The controlls do not even work . You can choose an area and lures and casting point fine but after that , forget it ... . Sega really needs to fix this . At first i was soooo happy . This was my fav game on the dreamcast but 5 minutes later i was not happy . Believe the other reviews . I did n't and now I 'm regreting it :-LRB- .
 SEGA BASS FISHINGEasy to install and great graphics . Playing the game may be too complex for young kids . My one complaint was that once the game was loaded , I was unable to get rid of it ; it remained in my Task Bar . In order to remove it I had to reboot . No complaints of the seller nor the price.RGG - Texas
 This may be the worst pc game ive ever tried dont waste ur time or money on it mouse doesnt work , all done with keys , cant set ur controls to your liking all preset its just a rotten game
 i purchased this game never got to play , reinstalled still cound not play game.game is big sham should give everyone money back , do not buy waste of money
 I tried to download this item and my antivirus told me that a spybot was attempting to download with it.I asked for and received a refund . I will not download anything from Amazon again .
 This game is by far the worst video game ever produced - and it 's had some tough competition for that non-honor . However , my opinion is shared by literally dozens of wakeboarding/video game afficianados whose negative reviews of this product have spread like a plague of bad press across internet wakeboarding forums . There is a reason why this game sells for 2.99-4 .99 on eBay . Ask yourself why , then look into buying a real game . We can only be glad that a next geneartion of wakeboarding games is coming between now and 2003 . Thanks , and have a good day .
 Do n't buy this game the graphics are pathetic and u only get one rider to choose from it is really slow even when i have a fast computor , I recomend u do n't buy this game it is a waste of valuable money !
 Being an avid off-roader , I had high hopes for this game . Perhaps too high . The graphics are rather cheap and additionally , I was looking for a game where you could choose brand-name , real-world vehicles with brand-name after-market mods -LRB- much like in the Need For Speed series -RRB- . Instead you are treated to generic , grade-school level trucks , tires etc. . The terrain is unrealistic , having exaggerated hills and canyons . Finally , I found the truck 's ability to climb even the simplist of hills difficult . My STOCK Dodge Dakota can traverse some of the inclines better.I only recommend this game for the non-serious player .
 It seems as if the developers of this game have never heard of a mouse . It seems as if these guys still prefer to move thru a menu using arrows . In this day and age , setting up a game should not require scrolling thru a menu with arrows on a keyboard.It would also be very nice if the developers would create a thorough helpfile . In searching for info on how to setup a force feedback steering wheel and brakes/accelerator setup , the manual says to search the CD 's readme file . Except there 's none there . The Windows Startup button/program reveals a ` help ' file that is also useless . Website help files is also useless . These guys need to know how to thoroughly document a help file.Manual is useless . CD 's so called ` HELP ' file is not there . Game 's Help file is useless . These guys need a lesson on how to develop games for PCs.So , the only way to play this game on a PC is to use the keyboard 's arrow buttons . How quaint !! If you 're thinking of using this on a PC with a force feedback steering wheel setup , avoid it at all cost .
 Worst game I ever wasted money on.Let me tell you what 's wrong.I bought the game and I was attempting to install it and guess what , no product key packed with the game.I had to call their 800 number and leave 4 messages before I heard from someone . No , they did n't call me back but they actually emailed me . In the email , they gave me ta product key ... 9 days later after I bought the game.Installation was successful . Next problem ... DRM . I installed it and now a program called Starforce is preventing me from playing it because I have daemon tools . I use daemon tools for WORK , not for stolen pirated games . I had to go through all sorts of loops so I can get a patch to remove their draconian drm since they think that I 'm a thief after PAYING for their product.It finally worked ! I was able to play with my Logitech wheel . I was having fun for the first hour . What happened next ? The CPU cheats , yes ... cheats . I get rear ended and pit maneuvered all the time by the cpu cars and I spin out and lose the race so I have to restart . Now , you think you 'd want to do the same to the cpu cars ? LOL ! Not a chance in hell . If you ram a cpu car , YOU will spin out of control . If you try to pit them , they will spin out only to regain control a split second later while you spin and slam into a wall taking a full 20 seconds just to get back on the track while a cpu car will do it in a blink of an eye.This game has given me nothing but trouble and head aches . I would like to take a sledge hammer and smash the disc and box in a million pieces and send it back to the manufacturers . They 'll just laugh at me since they have already stolen my money .
 ok , i get it is a sim game and all . but its boring as hell . you go around loop after loop after loop . the music , and narrative -LRB- or lack of -RRB- , and the grafix , everything is gloomy and boring . i do n't know , i love forza and GT5 . something make them fun and you keep going at it . this one is just a grind . plain boring.and yes , cpu does cheat as the previous 1 star rating pointed out .
 i recieved this disc and it was not the expansion pack i ordered but disc one fron the original doom 3 game i was very disappointed i tried to load and it was already loaded because it was dico 1 from doom
 I could n't begin to rate the product . I can rate the service ... it 's terrible . twice I ordered this game NEW and twice it 's been opened and no game .
 This game is awsome for the first week . but once you beat it there is nothing left to do and it starts to get old really fast . Though the story was pretty long I can give it that . It got frustrating at points though like parts where before you can continue you have to buy fronts which you get the money for them buy distibuting drugs to your current fronts but first you have to get the drugs to disstribute and after all of that you do n't make hardly any profit . It has good and bad but overall it sucks .
 you have to have a bionic hand to play this game its fast ... even though the voice acting is annoying -LRB- robot sounding -RRB- and repeditive its fun to play not really for kids as its gory . if you can pick it up cheap somewhere , get it its worth a play .
 I have tried about a dozen times to get this program to work on my computer without any success . I have telephoned the folks at Activision twice and gone on line to make sure I have the correct minimum requirements on my computer for this game . We have several other computer games with graphics that work quite well , but all we get on this one is a black screen . The folks at Activision finally told us we could send the game back , not for a refund , but for an `` exchange '' . Not interested . If we had this much trouble with HOTD , we do n't want to risk anything else .
 gameplay CONS : gate closes trapping you outside with enemies if enemies are too close , very quick deathCampaign is VERY HARD on main campaign half way thru i.e. -LRB- on easy lvl -RRB- enemy troops lvl 5 and unlimited ; your troops lvl1 and only 25 max of axe men !?!?! Mission is to conqueror and hold two distant towns for 300seconds ... yeah right!story is very weak , one of vengeanceno reference for the way they speak or what certain people arequests are lamewolves are minor pest , unless they are in a cave where their stats are almost 7x more !?! they do n't evenmake the wolves a different color to warn you of how much more dangerous they are!Pros : several are large mapsno resource gatheringitems to use during your missionsgraphics for it 's timemore emphasis on strategyOVERALL not worth your money or time , better yet play Celtic kings
 If you 're a fan of Historically-based strategy war-gaming , this game will disappoint . The name and the product description lead one to beleive that this plays like a strategy game . It plays more like a fantasy roll-playing game . The plot-line , and play are more than a little sophomoric . I lasted one game.I should have played a demo before I dropped cash on this game .
 this game is ok the bad out weighs the good by a mile . 1 . you cant build anything 2 . your peasent have almost no options to control them 3 . you dont destroy buildings , you capture them ... gay !!! 4 . the single player maps are really easy , and boring . the rts-rpg part of the game -LRB- which was why i bought it -RRB- was very dissapointing . now for the good , 1 . the rts-rpg idea for this game was a good idea , just poorely done 2 . each unit has levels and your heros have names and can carry items that can heal or raise attack and defense . borrow from a freind or buy it ... for very cheap
 I played the demo - flicking graphic , hardly control combinations , strange animations , no working multiplayer - overall rating 2/10
 My review of Season Ticket Baseball 2003 is glowing . Sadly , the football game is as bad as the baseball game is good.Upon loading , it is inobvious how to run it at all . Not user friendly . It even says that you really have to read the manual . Problem is that the manual is poorly written and runs off the end of the screen . Hard to figure out how to operate this game , and I own a software company ! To make matters worse , it is dated . Every sports game that says `` 2003 , '' for instance , will have the starting data for the 2002 season . In this case , though , it has the 2001 data . No Houston franchise . Creating the new alignments of divisions does n't do much good , since one team will have no players and the rest are on their teams from the previous year . I emailed the company 's tech support , asking about the 2002 data . They disavowed any knowledge and recommended that I check third party web sites to see if and when another version of the game with more up to date data is released . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for this ?! Only if it 's them paying us ! DO N'T buy this !!
 I own the Season Ticket Baseball 2003 , which is the best game on the market for a baseball sim , Baseball Mogul 2003 is right up there too . Figuring that the Football would rank up there with the Baseball game , was a huge mistake . There is no flow of the game , the draft is too complex , graphics are weak , and it is a pure waste of time and money . I 'm sorry I opened the package , becuase if I could return it , I would . Please do n't make the same mistake in purchasing this product . A huge thumbs down . Stick with the Baseball and I know Football Mogul is comming out soon ...
 I bought this thinking that if it was even half as good as Season Ticket Baseball 2003 , it would be a winner . The problem is , this is n't a good game ... AT ALL ! Even just getting a season started is confusing and trying to follow your chosen team is next to impossible . To top it all off , there is n't even a career mode . This game is a HUGE disapointment . My advice is to not waste your money like I did .
 i bought season ticket baseball 2003 and that game is so awesome i have never played a game better then that i am on my 3rd season and i have coached every game plus did all of the general manager options through over 400 games now and still love it.BUT SEASON TICKET FOOTBALL is missing something . 1st why couldnt they make it just like stb2003 . there is no career mode no hall of fame and the whole set up is just terrible . i am not going to waste my time talking about anymore i am just going to say I SURE HOPE SEASONT TICKET BASKETBALL IS ALOT DAMN BETTER THEN FOOTBALL . but i will tell u all u cant go wrong with the baseball game it is so damn SWEEEET !
 This is horrible its like a free game you would find on download.com . I loved the Season Ticket Baseball series but this was horrible its not even from the same developer . Its totally different from Season Ticket Baseball . I like football better then Baseball so I could n't wait to get it . I got it and it was horrible !
 If you bought Season ticket 2003 Baseball and expected the football version to be similar , you will be severely diappointed . It is a very poor game , no consistency , no GM features , nothing like the basbeall version which is a wonderful product
 Season Ticket Football , is just like it sister game , Season Ticket Baseball . Both games are poor . The only person who would like this game would be someone who loves to see nothing but charts in a game . This game is terrible because teams and players are made up . So you really do n't know who any of the players are , and you do n't know if they 're any good . If you want to make a trade , you never heard of the opposing players either . So you do n't know if you got a good deal or a bad deal . The only kid of person who 'd want this game is a person who likes text instead of graphics for the game , enjoys watching players he never heard of , and also likes games that have no sound support . So do n't waste 20 bucks on this junk . And if you do buy it , I warned you .
 This game I got for free from a friend . It works okay . Sometimes it crashes when its loading between maps . But other than that its alrite . but the game has too much needed knowledge . They do n't tell you where you can find things . No survival skills needed . Also i hvae no clue where to find my way and missions . The maps in the game does n't give you Ideas of where to go . and you get lost easily . Its an okay game but its really not worth its full original cost . Who knows of a Strategy Guide ?
 If you are a fan of Chinese themed games , you may think at first that you want to try this game out . DO N'T . Basically , you are the first son of Qin Shih Huang Di , the first Emperor of China . While you are responsible for the troops in one of the northern outposts , your father died , leaving the throne yours to claim . One of your younger brothers is plotting with one of the most powerful ministers to kill you , and ordered the troops to arrest and kill you . Once a king-to-be , you are now a renegade - wanted dead for being the crown prince.Sounds good ? Here is the problem . The graphic is extremely lacking , since the game seems to be using 256 color palette rather than 16 or 32 bit colors . Also , the game tries to replicate Diablo II but it failed to replicate the one thing that makes people play Diablo II - playability.Overall , I give it 1 star since I can not even bear playing the game . I love Chinese based games , but this game is just too much .
 It is rare that I get a computer game , and do n't bother to complete it , even if I do it just to say I did.Prince of Qin is one I gave up on.The game lacks direction at times . I got to a certain point , and I had zero idea where to go , even with reloading an older saved game and trying again , to make sure I did n't miss some key dialogue.Given that I felt the game would tell you to `` accomplish A , obtain B , '' but never tell you where B might be found , or even an inkling as to where A could be begun at , I quit.This game was too much money to be this disappointing .
 I thought the setting sounded like it would make an interesting change from the standard European fantasy world so I downloaded the demo and tried it out . It ran fine on my system , which meets and exceeds the recommended system profile on the retail box , so I bought the full version of the game . Turns out that while the demo runs fine on my system , the full version wo n't run at all . Strategy First 's tech support has largely consisted of telling me to make sure I have all the latest drivers , I do , and to uninstall and reinstall the game , which I have . The game still does n't work so they 've kicked me up to their 2nd tier tech support who have n't bothered to contact me in over a week . Do n't buy this game unless you 're prepared to return it in the eventuality that it does n't work on your system .
 I picked this game up for 2 reasons : - the Chinese historical theme - the game 's box description claiming to be an ARPG -LRB- action role playing game -RRB- and reading some reviews reporting it was a combination of Diablo/Balder 's GateWhen I first started the game , I watched the opening cinema , accessible only from the start menu and knew that at once that this game was subpar . Usually , the opening sequence of a game is supposed to make you excited or make you want to play the game . Instead , the opening scene told me that the game was going to be a bore and not anywhere close to Diablo . After about 5 minutes into the game , I uninstalled it from my 80GB hard drive . The graphics are reminiscent of old 8 bit Nintendo games , remember Ninja Gaiden ? The sounds and especially the spoken dialogs were ultra cheesey . I think the only things that reminded me of Diablo were the mouse controls . I did n't venture much further to pick up any other Diablo'ish factors . It 's too bad , I 'm a big history buff , especially of ancient Asian timelines , but this game is too boring to swallow . Take a look at a review from a `` professional '' critic ... before you decide to buy this game .
 Dont waste your money . the games are to complicated for 2-3 graders . The act of moving the block and your figure around is the problem . I had a hard time figuring out the game . Stick with jumpsart games . They are better .
 Although the age category begins at 6 for this game , my 7 year old -LRB- and I must confess , I too -RRB- find this game montonous and frustrating . The reason is the inability to quick save during the game ... You can only save a game after you successfully complete each level.If you are in the middle or even near the end of a level , and you run the misfortune of using up your last life , you are brought back to the beginning of that level ... TOO MUCH JUMPING OVER WATER !!! My son loved the movie , but has given up on this game ... Disney needs to go back to the drawing board on this one ...
 I do n't think Disney Interactive has a Quality Assurance department . The usability of the game is awful . There is an option to reconfigure the controls , but it 's still difficult . I have yet to figure out how to save the game . Supposedly you can do it between levels , but I have n't figured out how . There are simple graphical errors that should have been fixed pre-beta . When you finish a level , a box appears in the middle of the screen , so you ca n't see what Lilo or Stitch are doing when they 've completed their task . Based upon the movement of the surroundings , it looks like they 're doing something or walking somewhere . I would n't know , I can ' t see them . Over-all , thumbs down . But my three year old loves it . Too bad I have to play it so much , because he ca n't jump over all that water .
 Ah , I can just imagine the project manager at Disney Interactive
 Disney is n't known for great games -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , but they hit an all-time low with this one . The game controls are awkward , and the software would n't even run properly on our Windows XP computer . However , the biggest disappointment was with the graphics , which are incredibly bad . I feel that this game is a complete rip-off and should be avoided unless you really want to give a present to a someone that you do n't like -LRB- heck , that would be too cruel -RRB- .
 What a great company Disney is - What a cute title Lilo & Stitch `` Trouble in Paradice '' for ages 7 + - I only wished there was some way I could get my money back - I tried to play it - I am 50 + the controls are VERY HARD to figure out - to easy to get yourself `` killed '' - my 8 year old grandson was so disappointed - the graphics are a little bit to `` square-ish '' but cute but that is about all it has going for it - I have opened my copy so I know I ca n't send it back to `` Toyrus '' - if only I could I would request my money back - I do n't understand why Disney has to make all of controls on their games so hard - I also do n't understand why places like Toyrus cann ' t list the `` controler '' useage in their write up - if they had of and I knew it was all keyboard controled I know I WOULD NOT have waisted my money on it - unless you are a `` die-hard '' Disney fan - SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!
 I ca n't belive you people can like this game ... Take my advice and do n't buy this game .
 I bought this game for my 31/2 year old . She plays all kinds of games from Pajama Sam -LRB- our favorite -RRB- to Quake III -LRB- without the bad guys -RRB- and Dinosaur 3D adventure . She tried it for 20 minutes and has never asked to play it again . For some of that time I `` helped '' her . It turns out that I was n't much help . The game play is poor . It 's either extremely easy or very difficult to finish the games . The instructions are done in voices from the movie , using alot of slang and words which young people would not understand . There are also several problems where it becomes impossible to finish due to programming errors . The frustrating thing is that you ca n't move on to the next section unless you complete the previous sections -LRB- some of them have to be completed 3 times !! -RRB- The bottom line ... this game was not designed well , period . It was also not tested well . With so many other GREAT games out there , I would never recommend this one . Disney should be ashamed to be associated with this product .
 This is probably the worst game my child has owned . It is less imaginative than I would expect for a $ 20 game from Disney . Gameplay is way to hard for a 4-5 year old . My 41/2 year old boy has enjoyed other disney games as well as the Reader Rabbit series , Tonka Games , and Starflyers games ... but when playing this one he actually started crying and hit himself on the head in frustration . At that point I took the helm and realized that the game was very difficult to play . For example ... in one game you need to feed coffee to Stitch in order to drive a car , but the coffee bottle is about 80 pixels wide and the target area to click is only about 5 pixels wide and is totally obscured by the bottle icon , making this very frustrating . The graphics are poor . The games are boring . There is nothing redeeming about this game . For shame , Disney ... this game is a terrible thing to do to a child .
 Save your money , this game is bad . Even my 5 year old said she did n't like it . Some parts were too hard , some parts were stupidly easy/boring . Mr. Bubbles voice over gets really really old . He talks so slow and deep and you got ta sit though it to figure out what to do next . Honestly , I would be embarassed if my name was on this box .
 I purchased this game and was very disappointed . I can usually count on Disney for quality but either the games are too hard or to simple . My kids own almost every Disney game for the computer and this one has to be one of the worst . We loved the movie but the game just is n't worth the money .
 Do not waste your money on this horrible game !!! There 's no reward and you have a really hard time quitting the game once it 's started . Do not buy this game !!!
 I am not thrilled with this add-on . The cab-views are ok - the landscape looks more like a lunar-landscape - Did n't know that everything in that area is grey in grey.Unless you want to stay around the year 2000 with the era of the add on I recommend German Railroads 2 instead .
 First let me start off by saying that this is a game for sim fans only . If you are looking for a game that requires a game pad then look elsewhere.With that said let me move on to the review . I tried to like this game . I am a big fan of sport simulations and I have been looking for a good basketball sim for sometime . With the success and high quality of Season Ticket Baseball under their belt I was hoping that Infogrames would succeed with this title . Unfortunately the game never quite grabbed me . First off , the lack of a true manual , even a pdf on the CD , is an unforgivable omission . The `` manual '' provided is nothing more than a sparse help file . The user interface was annoying from the beginning . It is a window driven interface , which is fine but it does n't allow the user to keep multiple windows covering different aspects of the game open . Printing the player ratings is non-existent . The effect of changing coaches seems to be negligible . Moving the franchise is a tedious process.Trading is horrible . This is mostly because the game sticks to the NBA salary cap rules without allowing for multiple team trades . In real life if there is going to be a big trade it usually involves several teams in order to get around the cap . As for player contracts , you ca n't give an extension to a player until after the final game of their final season with the team . That is totally stupid . You have almost no feel for whether or not you are going to retain a player so there is no information to use to decide whether or not to trade someone . I could ramble on about this but I wo n't . As I started to write this review I was going to give the game three stars but after recapping all of its problems I realize that it barely deserves a 2 .
 This is not the best game ever made . NBA Live 2001 has a better sim than this game does . First , it takes forever to make it through a season . Second , even if you win the championship , you do n't care , because nothing exciting happens . Trades are almost impossible , plus you never quite know how good a player is when you trade for him . There are none of the real NBA players in it , or team names -LRB- even though you can edit those -RRB- . There are not even any player faces , made up or otherwise . Basically , save your cash . NBA Live 2003 is soon to be out , and I 'm sure their sim will be a hundred times better .
 In my opinion this is a poor flight sim for the following reasons : The flight sim has nice eye candy regarding the models of the planes , but that is where this flight sim stops . Something is very wrong with the flight physics and modeling of the planes they do not fly correctly . Just try landing the plane if you do n't believe me . The thing bounces like a ping pong ball after you hit the ground . The planes do not accelerate properly nor do they stall properly . Most jet landings I 've experienced in other jet simulators give you two results you either crash and burn or you make a pretty good landing . MS Flight Simulator 2002 does this well . Falcon 4.0 does this very well . Strike Fighters is a joke compared to these programs.Another problem is gaining altitude . Gaining altitude is very hard to achieve in this flight sim . It is almost down right impossible to gain altitude even when flying the phantom II on full afterburners -LRB- this plane is suppose to act like a mach 2 plus plane -RRB- , which should have no problem flying to 15K to 25K feet . Your AI wingmen have no problems gaining altitude but you sure do . Seems like your AI wingman are always dogfighting 10K to 20K feet above you . The use of panning views outside your plane to keep track of where your enemy is are way too slow when assigned to the hat of your joystick . You must use the mouse to pan around quickly or number keys on your keyboard to do snap looks which just do n't work well in a jet fighter dogfight . It is hard as hell to fly with your right hand flying the joystick and your left hand on your throtle and then having to move the mouse to pan around the cockpit looking for your target ! This surprised me when the manuel stresses how important to keep an eye on your enemy `` lose sight and lose the fight '' . Too bad it is so difficult to find your enemy either visually or on radar , which is pretty worthless.Also the manuel is very poorly written I have read it 5 times and it does not convey clearly how to operate the weapons systems on these aircrafts . I still can not figure out how to acquire a target with the radar missiles nor fire them at a target . Guns and heat seeking missiles really are the only effective way I have found to kill enemy planes . And the AI planes instantly explode when you hit them with even one bullet . The AI planes should take damage first if you hit them with just a couple of shells . Half the fun in a flight sim is watching the planes flying damaged and slowly meeting their death or actually making it back to base . Your plane seems to take damage slowly most of the time even after missile hits . This part of the sim is nice when viewing it from the outside of your plane . But I like to be able to eject from my burning plane to save my virtual life . I still have not found the eject button!This brings me to the next problem the buttons assigned to do a function in this game only work half the time or not at all . For example the chaff and flare deployment did not work when I hit the buttons to deploy them . Buggy software in my opinion . I really wonder who wrote the code for this program it sure does not seem like the same guy who wrote the software for European Air War . It is almost like the programers rushed something out the door . The map is horrible I could draw a better map with the MS paint program which comes with my windows operating system.Needless to say I am returning this software to the vendor for a full refund.My suggestion to everyone is to skip this one and just wait until Lock On comes out early next year ! Just stick to flying IL2 which is still the best flight sim I have seen and played to date.By the way if your wondering what hardware I ran this on . I have a P4 2.2 mhz , 850i intel motherboard , and a GeForce 3 graphics card , and a ms precision pro 2 joystick . I have a very expensive computer I custom build just for games . It is too strike fighters did not live up to its promise of providing a great flight sim program .
 This Sim is a classic example of marketing hype , must have been where all the $ $ went for this project , it certainly did n't showup in the software . Save your money and download a few BMP 's from a military URL for free . SF should be rated a big zero , but one star was all I had to work with . What a temendous disappontment ! Shame on you Strategy First / `` Last `` BLTexas
 This is another example of What Not to Do by a software developer . This product is still in beta . Too many to list features simply do not work or cause Crash to Desktop . The graphics look really good . . but that is about the only positive thing I can say about this program . I have been involved with Flight Simulations for over 20 years and this is one of the WORST examples of an unfinished product I 've ever seen .
 Just 5 missions , is very short , graphics not very good.Thats it !
 After a lot of searching , I located Intec 's web site and found the product that Amazon was so kind not to describe to us.It is a Power Inverter -LRB- adapter -RRB- that plugs into your car cigarette adapter . Then you plug your game console -LRB- PS2 , GameCube , XBox , whatever -RRB- into this adapter . Along with one of the many portable T.V.s or screens , you can play on the road.Amazon wo n't allow a link to the company website , inteclink , so I 'll have to settle to tell you to do a search on Amazon itself with the phrase , `` Universal Game Inverter '' to find similar products .
 The item that was offered for sale is not the item I receivied , so I 'm not to happy but I kept it so I dont have to go through the hassel of sending back the item .
 I do enjoy this game , but ... I bought this copy in August of 2009 . I first installed it on my old Windows 98SE machine . It worked fine until I finished level 5 -LRB- Palace 2 -RRB- . It would show the loading bar progress , reach the end , then ... nothing . It would just stay at that screen . I tried installing it on a couple other computers and I got the same thing . I was able to exchange the game . I installed it , played it ... Got to the same problem at the end of level 5 ! Has anybody else had the same issue with the UBISOFT edition of this game ? And if so , were you able to fix the problem and how?I found the Red Orb version on EBAY . It works well , I was able to finish the entire game . The Prince moves much faster in the UBISOFT version but I would rather play a whole game with a slow moving character than part of a game with a fast moving character .
 Do not buy this game if you are running windows XP . The game does not support it and crashes all the time . Fun game just can not keep it running .
 Warlords 2 was a great game . Simple , elegant . Warlords 3 is not a great game . Stay away .
 I wanted to play this game because I read how much better a submarine sim it was than SH2 . Unfortunately , I have n't been able to run it under Windows XP . There has to be a way to make a boot disk that will install the necessary drivers for the CD , HD , sound card and mouse and to properly configure memory allocation . Unfortunately , unless you 're a wiz at such things , I 'd recommend waiting for the inevitable Silent Hunter 3 .
 Zoids battle legends is a '' possibly '' good game buried under alot of garbage . i am a fan of the series and was excited about this game ... then i played it . whats wrong you might ask ? well lets see , first the controlls are sluggish and non responsive ; this is a flaw that will frustrate any person . next is the degree of difficulty . I could n't get past the first level in the tournement mode ! It was so bad that me and my friend had contests to see who could last longer before losing . In closing to summerize my experience with this game
 This is one of the WORST games i have ever played . Slow controlling , bad sound , bad plot overall , bad everything . I tried to do republic mode , and i ca n't even get past the fifth lvl . The ONLY thing you do is maim eachother . The zoids you get are crappy , and very weak .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE . Bad story , clunky controls , it is the absolute worst game I have ever played , and I have been forced to play a barbie game before .
 The only good part about Zoids
 This game is all i ever wanted . A real time game with zoids . I was a zoids fanatic about a year ago -LRB- yes im a kid -RRB- and this game is based on the series . The bad things ? The controls are extremely hard to learn and mission mode is very hard since you take on many zoids at once with an ally part of the time -LRB- once or twice in the beggining -RRB- . Sure its got great graphics and has many characters from the show but the voices are horrible . fiona sounds like a school girl on hielium!You can get this game but only if youre willing to play for hours before you start to get decent .
 This game worked fine for about a day , then it woud n't load for play.I was really disappointed.I have n't had a chance to return it , it 's been awhile since purchasing it.I hope I can.I really wanted to play it .
 This is definitely the poorest flying game . The quality of image is bad and the audio effect is worse .
 I tried 2 different disks , would not run . I am well within the minimum required . Tech support is pathetic . Avoid if you cant return it .
 This game looks great - it has a wide following of players with web sites and great tips and tricks . Unfortunately I ca n't get it to run on any of my three PC 's ! My primary PC is a Dell P4 with a GeForce 4 card - game runs intro and then pops back to Windows . Does the same on my secondary machine and my laptop . Go out to UBI 's site , and guess what - they do n't support this game anymore . Go out to a fan site ... and find a list of many other gamers with the same problem , so it 's a known bug that the developer just does n't feel like fixing or supporting ! So if you plan to get this game , good luck , MAYBE it will work for you . If not , do n't expect support from the developer - they want you to buy the next version .
 Rule of thumb for franchise games
 Once again , substandard licensed video games are being released for all the major systems , and once again , the GBA version turns out to be the best one . Atari 's Terminator 3
 whats up.do you know about dragonballz taiketsu ? **** its awsome 15 fighters super combos its **** ing cool.Whos your best player ? Mine is Gotenks.The worst thing in the game is that Tien and Yamcha arent in the game . Also their music is lame . If you dont have this game get it !
 Ok if your a die hard fan of dbz ... then go ahead buy u may like it , like this other fool did , but beaware this game SUCKS there are no good points remember the old one had a story mode which was like living out the cartoon , this one doest have that this one suck all the wayyyyyyysorry to bust uall 's bubble .
 Budokai 2 sucks ! Buu is retarded . Being able to fuse is a stupid idea .
 I think it gon na be just like number one , and that -LCB- stinked -RCB- !!! In the first one the game was just to easy to beat and the gameplay got old really fast , also the graphics was n't that great they wont solid . Like I said its just gon na be like the first one with couple more ppl and lil ' bit of everything else . But thats my opinion but am more into rpgs , sports , and action & adv. , games am not all into man to man combat .
 This game is so stupid !!!!! The story mode is just like a board game ! You just move around and try to find the dragonballs and you look like some pawn and the graphics are HORRIBLE ! You look like your in a cartoon!The only thing good about this game is the WORLD TOURNAMENT . Yoy can have more than one person play in the tournament with you . I suggest you buy only Budokai 1 . But , if you want to buy this game just for the fun of the Tournament , than go ahead , I ca n't stop you.But if you buy it and play Story Mode -LRB- Dragon World -RRB- , you 'll regret you ever bought this game .
 I 'm suppose to get a ps2 for christmas of course my first game is gon na be a Dragonball z game . I do n't much about Boudaki 2 though is it fast game play . I also wan na know what 's the strontest form you can reach in supersaiyn is there ssj3 if someone can hook me up with that info please write review . I was thinking about getting Budokai 3 though it 's suppose to have ssj4 . Also if you can tell me how faster they are when they transform to superaiyn
 Should be rated `` M `` scared my little sister freaked out my parentsmade my brother wet the bedeven scared my pants off -LRB- and i was n't wearing pants -RRB- put me into shock and now im mental.don ' t buy any items fromdvds123dotcomunkle12super duper clubproactiveelectronicsa1bestsellersdcbuysandbigbossrhino -LRB- end of list -RRB- In fact u cant trust any1 on amazonu can only trust peeple on ebayoh yeah and NBA Live 2004 didthe same thing
 Overall , I though this game was horible . I thought it would go though the story like in the first Budokai . But I was mistaken . Now i knew , like most of you , that the story mode was replaced by a board game type thing , What i did n't know , however , is that the story was completely screwed up . For instance , on the first chapter i guess you would call it , Nappa and Raditz are on Earth at the same time . Then you do n't even see Vegeta untill you are on Namek . Another downside about the board game thing is that it is really easy to miss an ability capsule . I missed the super saiyan capsule early in the game so I could n't use the ss2 or ss3 capsules . You can miss these by simply not beating an opponent on the board . There are some good things though . Like the fusions such as gotenks and vegito . and the tournaments are some what fun . But it still doesnt make up for the crappy board game and huge story flaws . I do n't recall Goku fighting Saibamen and Kid Buu at the same time . If your willing to go though all the crap too unlock all the good stuff , then its an ok game . If you a diehard fan you 'll most likely be greatly disappointed .
 I played this game for 5 minutes . I thought that I got the wrong game . All that it is a bunch of heads on pogo sticks . Exept for Goku , who runs around like a dork . I 'm a dragonball z fan . If you want a good dragonball z game get the 1 or 3 . 3 is the best . There is no movie scenes . The platform is exactally like a board game only with pogo sticks with heads attached . They look more cartoonish than they need to . The fightings o.k , but not good enough to be a good dragonball z game . The only reason that I still have the game is because I have a code to get all of the players . Go with budokai 3 if you want a good game .
 I 've bought every one of EA 's NHL game series since it was first released and I always log in 4 or 5 seasons with each year -LRB- 400-500 games -RRB- . Every year they 've made considerable improvements over the previous years . However , when NHL 2002 came out , it was the first time the game did n't get better ... it actually got considerably worse . Game control dropped a notch , defense AI became worse then it 's been in years , and most of the goals scored by the computer were cheap blue line slap shots . Worst of all was the new ` feel ' of the game ... EA turned much of the game into a joke . This included the stadium PA announcer telling bad jokes and the color commentator who once had intelligent things to say along with player facts , being replaced with Don Taylor who goofs around constantly and says nothing but poor one-liners and dumb jokes . I played about 65 games before reverting back to playing NHL 2001 . NHL 2003 sinks even further then the previous year . Player control feels muddled and at times annoying -LRB- example
 when EA sports says it has the # 1 hockey franchise ever . Well , if you wanted to know why its because it has no -LCB- explicit -RCB- competition for the past 10 years!well , lets look at the few positives that it has.Pros
 The nice aspects of NHL 2003 can be summarized rather briefly
 I have purchased this , tried it out and am sad to say that it is a disappointment compared to 2001 and 2002 . As stated in the previous review , the menus are way too busy and hard to get around in . The time it takes to load the game and play it is slower than last year . The game play itself is laborious and not as exciting as last year . As far as I can see , the `` face in the game '' feature is gone . When I downloaded the game there is no `` user '' file in which to import ditties and players . There 's fewer options in the create a player mode . Only two eye colors , limited skin tones and , as I said , no face in the game . This year 's default music is way too loud and obnoxious , catering to 13 year olds obviously . EA has always been on the cutting edge of creating great interactive sports games and up until now they 've made the best NHL game . This year 's edition , however , is a textbook example of the old adage `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it . '' Well EA fixed the game and hurt it in the process . If you want real excitement and lots of creative options , your best bet is to go with NHL 2002 . I wo n't be purchasing 2004 unless they vastly improve it over 2003 .
 Just gon na say I got NHL Starz 2003 from Serious . Although it 's not the PC game , it was a bit more entertaining and in this economy a better value .
 After using Disney Interactive 's Phonics Quest , which I think is the best of the dozen-or-so titles of early-elementary-school-age software I 've tried , I looked forward to using the Kindergarten software from the same vendor . However , my five-year-old and I were immediately frustrated.To start with , if your default disk for Windows is anything other than c : , this software crashes . That 's an indication of badly-engineered code.But it is n't just attention to detail to software engineering that makes this program a bust . The way that the kid interacts with it is confusing and boring . It comes nowhere close to matching the interest generated by the other three kindergarten titles we 've tried
 Visually it looked like it was going to be a great game/learning tool . The difficulty stars at the bottom were a nice touch . But the repetitiveness of the exercises was awful . I will have to try some of the other recommendations .
 We were very dissapointed in this game . Many of the activities are exactly the same and my child quickly tired of them . To earn `` rewards '' she had to answer so many questions -LRB- more than I could sit through -RRB- that she wanted to move on before completing the task . We would recommend the Jumpstart series instead .
 I bought this game and boy was it a waste of money ... If you wanted a game where you can squash bugs and have a good time , this definately is NOT the game for you ... the whole game you are in the dark ... very hard to see , the controls are hard to maneuver and it is very slow paced-Trust me-Rent It Before you buy it or you will be as disappointed as i was .
 Honestly ... I have reviewed this item 3 times and each time my reviews do not make it on here to warn others to not waste their hard-earned cash on this junk !!! It took 33 minutes before we were done with the reading . BLAH BLAH BLAH ... it goes on and on and on . Then we get stuck right at the very beginning . Just horrible game with a stupid premise . A Japanese game that should have never been brought here.PLEASE STAY AWAY !!
 Just check out the reviews it 's getting-nothing above 5 out of 10 . It has terrible graphics and very clumsy controls . It was only published because the publisher was desperate for anything to publish on the Wii . AVOID THIS GAME . You are much better off getting Resident Evil 4 then this game . Eidos is known for quality games but this time all they did was localize a bad Japanese game made by a crappy developer .
 its great for people with newer computers , i.e ones with windows ABOVE windows 98 . but why stop at just livin large ? they should have put ALL the EP 's into one game . i been talkin to all my sim fan friends , about how they should make something like this , and after only TWO YEARS -LRB- ? -RRB- ! they make it . they made too many ep 's . . who ever bought ALL of them , they would have probably needed a whole computer just for THE EP 'S ! its good they made this newer version , but they should have added more than just ONE ep to the game.whoever 's mad about buying all the ep 's , they can just sell them.by the way , dont get SIMS ONLINE , unless you want to pay a MONTHLY FEE , every month just for playing a game ...
 This is probably the most meaningless and booooring game I have ever played . Where is the fun of watching a guy bath , burp , eat like a pig and get deppressed because he does n't have a 40 ' TV ... unfortunatelly this illustrated the level of culture and lifestyle of America so well ... that is the No. 1 selling game . People ... think for yourselves ... get a good book or at least buy a game that challenge your skills .
 All good things must have a bigger , better , deluxe edition , so the people that first bought the item are left out . This happened to many DVDs , like the Lord of the Rings , and many other games , such as Age of Empires 2 . For some reason I thought that Maxis would do it 's patrons a good turn , if you will , and create a sequel , or come out with a new expansion pack . I wish I did n't have to be wrong .
 After all the hype about `` The Sims '' I was expecting a lot more from this game . The interaction choices are extremely limited and these silly people do n't even take time off on the weekends ! So they have very little leisure time in which to develop relationships with neighbors and co-habitants . This is the most rediculous simulation game I have seen to date .
 I own pretty much all of the Sims except Hot Date and Online , and when I got this I thought I would be getting a lot more than I did .1 . I got to wait at least 7 hours for it to install .2 . When playing Sims Creator , I got to wait another hour for the outfits to load .3 . When playing the game , I got to experience freezing . How fun .4 . I also got to experience blackouts . By the way , unless your computer is plugged into a lightswitch , you wo n't be able to use it for a while .5 . I got to experience a VERY VERY VERY FEW new items , such as a purple bed .6 . As a result , I got to experience anger , because I was told somewhere that these items would be put on the Sims SuperStar , which I Have bought but have not been able to play yet , because . .7 ... I got to experience LOW MEMORY , because of the 7 hours of installing .8 . I got to experience complete dissatisfaction because Sims Creator is NOT FUN and I own Livin Large and the Sims .9 . I got to experience dissapointment , because I had spent 50 stinkin ' dollars on a game I already owned , practically .10 . I got to experience pain , because I slapped myself in the face 50 times , -LRB- one for each dollar :-RRB- -RRB- . So as you can see , the only thing this is useful for is a nice , shiny coaster for your favorite coffee table . Not exactly what you had in mind , huh ?
 I do n't think it 's fair that the gamers who have been loyal to teh sims and already have all of the expansion packs are getting left out , while the brand new gamers get a special edition including cool new stuff . Very uncool .
 do n't understand the hype about the sims . you control people to do things . build houses , make friends , build skills , get money . amazing , what would they think of next .
 This is corny . People ... go get some excercise . Talk to REAL people . Visit REAL places . Throw a REAL party . Dont buy this game and then sit around letting the whole REAL world go by . Seriously , if you arent twelve years old with a 7 pm curfew , there is no reason to sit around doing this nonsense all day .
 I think Maxis was being VERY unfair to their loyal customers who have bought all their products . They should have made a game like this when they first developed the sims . I will be sure to NOT ENCOURAGE people to buy this expansion pack . If I could , I would rate this expansion pack zero stars . > : -LRB-
 When The Sims first came out to rave reviews a few years ago , I promised myself I 'd buy the thing if it was ever released in a cut-rate deluxe-box format . Well , this fits the bill , so I finally broke down and bought the thing.And this turned out to be the most overrated game I 've ever played . I 'm sure you all know the theme and basics of the game , so I wo n't bother rehearsing them , but I will point out several absurdities that make this game an artificial exercise in finding different ways to accomplish whatever the computer forces you to accomplish .1 . You have to do the same thing over and over , and it gets boring . Relieving your Sim 's `` Bladder '' bar by going to the toilet is an obvious example , but there is so much other routine nonsense to handle that you find yourself clicking the same commands day after day
 I loved to play this game when it worked , but i had soo many problems with the game ... and at first when i got the deluxe edition it worked fine so for christmas i got Vacation , hot date , makin ' magic , Unleased , and houseparty expansion packs looking forward to playing i found that after u install another expansion pack . . the game runs really slow ... Certain parts mess up and when i was building people it would shut off on me and id lose everything i did ... But the games are like Heroine very very addictive and takes up hours and hours i 've missed work without even realizing it playing this game and then when it dosent work anymore u are soo dissapointed and after spending over 300 dollars on the whole thing and it messing up the pc i was mad the company site sucks , there technical support is useless and they wouldnt refund my game or anything soo i basically lost 300 dollars and messed up my 800 dollar pc and nearly lost my job to a computer `` DRUG '' Do n't buy it , it will save u tons of money , hastle , and headache
 Two words
 The game got here on time but when I tried it on my computer it said that the sims was experiencing a problem and I tried it on all my other computers and it said the same thing . I 'm not sure whether to keep trying or to send it back .
 This game was really fun but i could n't play it for more than an hour or it would freeze and computer would go black . it takes a really long time to install . It also caused the sound to go out but my dad fixed it . it is a addicting game though but not worth it .
 I ordered this game over a month ago and I still haven.t received it . I either want my game or my money back ... . this was a complete rip off and i.m unsatisfied with the everyone who had something to do with this `` purchase ''
 Met all the system requirements to install this game but needless to say , was unable to open . Tried 3 separate times to install . The first time I gave the serial number on back of plastic container and it started to install but took FOREVER . Got frustrated and backed out . Tried again this morning and could n't even get THAT FAR . What 's the problem?Patricia
 This game just keeps on getting more and more expansion packs ! More expansion packs = more ways to mess up your computer . There has been 7 expansions thus far . When an expansion pack comes out for the sims another follows . Its crazy I tell you , CRAZY ! Take my advice save some money and wait until the Sims 2 comes out !
 This game is completely aggravating . The characters do not do what you want , especially if they are miserable , which is usually all the time . They let you know this by waving at the camera . It is difficult to keep all of their needs met expecially when they have to go to the bathroom , take a shower or eat every five minutes . It takes them so long to complete a task that it is time to go to bed . It is hard to maintain relationships , especially when you have to go to the bathroom or take a shower or eat every five minutes . They do not know enough to move objects out of the way . they will not do what you command if something or someone is blocking them . The neighbors come in uninvited eat uninvited and are impossible to get to leave . It is impossible to operate all of the characters and make them happy . You get one happy , another one is miserable , has to go to the bathroom ar take a shower . Once they go to the bathroom someone else has to go to the bathroom or go to bed . With more than one character I am contantly having my characters go to the bathroom or take a shower , there is no time to do anything else . There is also the problem with the clown . If your characters are unhappy he shows up and will not leave . Plus they have more problems using the stove . The stove constantly catches on fire .
 This rate form wont let you enter 0 !!! If you get the version we did for our little girl - the case version NOT the jewle version - THE SERIAL NUMBER IS INVALID !!!!! The game wo n't install at all . It is NOT just this game either , the Jewel verion of the MakinMagic Expansion pack has the same defect . EA not only KNOWS this , they CHARGE $ 10 TO FIX IT !!!! So if you want to run this game it will cost you more . In our case $ 20 more . The EA website REQUIRES you to give your personal information to AOL just to get customer service and then they DONT give you the valid code !!!!! So you get taken again . Their FAQ 's and advertisements do n't mention any thing about this at all - we read all 380-odd entries . Just to top it off EA assumes you are trying to steal from them and treat you as if you are and they `` dont have any way to tell if the game is stolen or copied '' . Yeah they can look up your age , bank account , address , phone number , credit card number and compile a user profile on your kids but they cant tell if you got your game from Amazon . This is really lame .
 I bought this game thinking it would be fun , I 'm glad I waited for the price to go down before buying this . I did n't know there was time , a 24 hour day , was used in the game . The problem with this , at least for me , is 1 -RRB- the time passes too quickly and I have to rush all the time to get things done , and 2 -RRB- no strategy in the game , everything is linear in our goals . One Sim hour equals one minute in real time , and we ca n't set the speed slower . There 's no adventure , no exploration in The Sims . What we do throughout the game is run our Sims around trying to keep our various moods in the up side of the scale . This quickly becomes routine and boring . I 'd rather be playing a 3D action game for two hours straight rather then sending Sims to bed and to work and siting at the table eating over and over .
 First , Let me say , the reason I gave this a 1 star rating isnt the game itself , I havent gotten to play it yet ! Not from this disc . I ordered it brand new , it was delivered , I unwrapped it , and tried to install it . The serial # EA GAMES printed on it -LRB- which you have to have to install it on your computer -RRB- , is invalid !!!! And , I cant get an answer from their tech support/customer service on this . I have found others who have bought this version with the exact same problem . If you can get this in a jewel case , good . It seems when they come in the case shown on this page , the serial # 's wont work , and you have to go through a huge hassel to get it fixed . *** This is not an amazon problem , it is an EA GAMES problem
 I bought this game a few weeks ago expecting a game I could play all summer . I got bored with it in three days . All you do on this game is tell your Sim to eat , sleep , go to work , take a shower , use the toilet , and watch TV . While your Sim is at work or sleeping you watch the time go by . The graphics are horrible . You can hardly see your Sim . The only fun things in this game are that you get to build your houses and make out with girls . You do the same things every day . Do n't waste your money on this game . The Sims 2 is much , much better .
 I 've heard so many people rave about the Sims over the past couple of years that I finally decided to break down and buy it . This is one of the few times that I have to say I honestly have no idea what the big deal is all about.The Sim is a `` people simulator '' . You create little people , plop them down in a house and control thier lives . You buy them clothes , furniture , make them meet people . Just about everything real people do . And that 's basically the problem.The thing I that I found least entertaining about the Sims is that the whole game revolves around what I call `` micro-managment '' . Every last little detail you have to scrutinize . Though some might find this appealing , I found it tedious and boring . It makes me feel less like I 'm playing a game and more like an accountant . The game is also quite slow paced . Even if you speed up time , the game can move too fast and then you can really lose control over the game.The gameplay consists of a `` point , click , and watch '' formula for gameplay . You click on an object , your Sim person will walk to it , use it , and then go back to being idle . After time if you develop a pattern the Sim person will do things on his own , but that takes a while . After endlessly pointing and clicking and watching , I started to do things like try to set my Sim person on fire , or not have him go to the bathroom for a while . It is rather fun to torture your Sim person but it wears thin after a while.The graphics are good . The Sims speak in some kind of jibberish . And there 's lots of Sim skins available for download on the internet.All in all I 'd have to say that I really do n't get this game . Maybe it 's because I 'm more used to games like Metal Gear Solid and SOCOM that I have trouble playing a game of this type . I tend to like having more direct control over the outcome of a game . The Sims made me feel like I 'm a spectator . I 'd have to say pick this up only you find a really good deal . Otherwise it 's best to take the $ 20 you were going to spend and pick up something else . Sorry , but this is one I ca n't recomend .
 I wanted this game for Christmas and I got it . I wanted to have what everybody called `` the best game ever '' . But sometimes I think I should 've got something else.I have Sim City 2000 and 3000 and I love them , so I thought I was going to love this one , too.They say you play God , actually you play mom and dad . You have to tell your sims to take a bath , to go to bed , to clean after themselves , to get a job , to study , who to marry -LRB- like in the old times -RRB- etc , etc.Their energy level goes down very fast and it goes up too fast also . . I sure dislike the annoying sound of their tv . They repeat the same thing over and over.I do n't like making friends . You just make them talk and talk and talk . You have other options that are just as boring as talking.I guess I need the other expansion packs , like Hot Date and Vacation , to make the game more exciting because I 've tried everything . I 've given them the perfect life , I 've killed a bunch of them so I could have a graveyard and ghosts wondering around and spooking people , I 've let them do what they want to see how much trash they can pile inside their houses , I even had a guy who married 6 times and had 6 kids , I also had a family of just kids . I 've done lots of things , but the game is still boring .
 just what i said , really disappointing to say the least , i have access to WIN XP and some others but . . it 's still going to be a pain the arse.otherwise i 'd give it 4 stars .
 This game does n't have a set goal for you to reach , so unless you find yourself with hours of time to kill , this probably is n't as great as people have said . It 's pretty fun , but a big time waster . If you let your people get depressed and they do n't have a job , forget about it . They 'll be too depressed to get happy and too depressed to find a job , so they 'll just starve to death . Also , you spend WAY too much time telling them to clean up after themselves . Even on `` auto '' mode , they do n't do much on their own . Stick with SimCity !
 This game was the most boring game I have ever played ! All you do is watch little people sit around and grow hungry and have to go to the bathroom . Thats it . After ten minutes of playing this game I almost fell asleep in my chair . Do not buy this game !
 I bought this game a few weeks ago expecting a game I could play all summer . I got bored with it in three days . All you do on this game is tell your Sim to eat , sleep , go to work , take a shower , use the toilet , and watch TV . While your Sim is at work or sleeping you watch the time go by . The graphics are horrible . You can hardly see your Sim . The only fun things in this game are that you get to build your houses and make out with girls . You do the same things every day . Do n't waste your money on this game . The Sims 2 is much , much better .
 Let me state that I 'm a gamer . I bought Deluxe and was so excited to play it . I got home and waited for it to load ... forever . I got on it and waited for the `` inverting career ladder '' deal to load ... forever . Then I created a family and started . After about ohhh ... 8 minutes I was bored . I thought the sims was great and I thought this would blow my mind . but , it seems to me that the sims , no matter how many expansions you buy , is lacking something . I reserve to cheats usually . Hey , I just want my sims to have a good life instead of -LRB- when I dont use cheats -RRB- what I usually end up with . A sort of high school dropout attitude/job with a Willie Nelson era house . I just can never put my finger on whats wrong but Maxis should think about there next sim game more carefully instead of shooting them out .
 I jut knew this was going to happen ! There 's a huge craze and everyone buys it , then they come out with a better version . Might as well say `` No one buy this it will come out again better ! '' It 's a total rip !
 I HATE ALL SIMS GAMES !!!! Listen ppl !! The game is just incredibly boring ! Whoop de doo da . . I 'm having so much fun watching my Sim stare at a TV screen with a still picture on it !! O JOY !!! Get with it . . the game is plain bogus ok . . if u wan na play god . . I suggest another game ... Trust me I 've -LSB- bought -RSB- 2 expansion packs and the original Sims -LRB- and I 'm 13 so u can guess that took away pretty much my whole fortune -RRB- . Like other reviewers said , there is always something missing in the Sims ... something that makes it just not worth your money ... and no matter how many new objects , or pets , or downtown areas Maxis is gon na come up with , there will always be a hole in the Sims . And that hole wo n't ever be filled . Why ?? Because it doesnt have an ending . It has absolutely no point whatsoever ! ... I assure u you 'll be ticked off at the huge amount of memory it takes up.To sum it all up . . It 's expensive , takes up too much space , fries ur brain , gets annoying , has no point , and is an overrated ...
 Well , after a great start , the game decided to crash on me , completely negating everything i did in the game which took a good 6 or 7 hours of non-stop playing . But that 's just the beginning . When i decided that it was futile to try to continue , i did what anyone else would and attempted to uninstall and reinstall the game . First i had to reboot my system 3 times in order to get it to reinstall , then when it did get finished , it would n't start up . To add insult to injury , the `` Hot Date '' expansion pack did not want to install either . Folks , if y' all have a lot of time on your hands and want to do something fun , get the heck off the bandwagon and watch some paint dry . It may be boring , but paint is reliable enough to dry . I would n't waste the money for this game , but unfortunately i already have . It gets boring quick and only works when it wants to.thank you
 Everybody already purchased the whole set and it ai n't a SimChest that has a 6-CD book . So why buy it ? Save your money and get The Sims Online which has more fun which also includes a multi-chat interface to thousands of dudes around the world .
 What was Electronics arts thinking when they made this game you should know if I couldve given it a 0 star i would have , if you have this game what i am talking about . I am a real experienced sims player so trust me it is no funner then the sims vacation , house party , etc. . This game was totally horrible ! If you already have the sims and livin large do not get this it is wasting your Money $ . I reccomend you getting Sims hot date that is their best game . But if u get this game when you get it and install it u r just slowing your computer down ...
 Giving this one star is much more than it deserves !! We purchased this game for Christmas for our 12 yr . old son ... Call me old-fashioned but this certainly does not represent what we want our child to play . Ex
 I do n't get the hype . The most fun about this game is building the home and decorating it . After that I lose interest . I do n't need to see simulated people wake up , go to work , have dinner , bathe etc. . I see enough of that in my own life . Personally I wish the game was more R-rated . Their actions are all done standing up so they never sit on the couch and hug and kiss for example . I named the charactors after my husband and I and we both ended up dying in a fire . I would suggest getting Zoo Tycoon instead . You at least have a goal to work towards when you do the scenarios .
 i just installed the Hot Date and Vacation EP 's . I bought the DE version and those EP 's at the same time from amazon.com . now i am upset -LRB- not at amazon.com -RRB- but the game itself . the deluxe version installed with just those 2 EP 's causes my system to run on very low memory . I run a P4 2.0 , 80gig HD , 512 ddr ram , 128 bit graphic and sound cards . Anyway , when playing i noticed the game was running slow , come to find out my ram was down to 55mb-65mb , which is very bad to run that low on a system that never runs that low . any lower i will get a message stating to close some programs . i tried restaring the computer and i was running at 320mb ram , i started the game , paused it , checked my usage on ram , it was back down to 57.9 mb available . waste of money
 I did n't really enjoy The Sims as much as i thought i would since it 's just like real life -LRB- pay bills water the garden watch T.V. go to the bathroom , eat ect . -RRB- . and for another thing theres not too much depth to the game . all you can do in this version is stay in your house and run the lives of the people you create . to get the most out of this game you are gon na be shellin out big bucks for all the expansion packs . the only good -LRB- well actually funny -RRB- thing that you can do is kill the sims you made by starving , drowning , or burning them . there might be some of you out there
 The game for which this card supplies game time has been out of service for over 2 years . It was MMO game & it was fun when it was online but since noone can play it anymore this gametime card is only useful as a nostalgic item or a coaster .
 Quite a while ago now , this game was pulled by EA.Just warning to try to help people not accidently buy this.Extremely weird that its still up for sale at all .
 I would n't get this game if I were you.First of all if you do n't have enough memory on your computer you ca n't play it at all !!! But if you do then still do n't buy it because it annoys you a whole lot.Like if you have the Sims Deluxe Edition installed and you have The Sims Unleashed installed it wo n't work because you need The Sims.So if you have The Sims installed and have enough memory on your computer you would be able to play The Sims Unleashed .
 I own all the expansions except Hot Date , and this is the first in the series that is badly bugged and unstable . In Windows 98 it drops to desktop frequently , some Sims become completely unusable as certain crashes happen at the same spot for that Sim every time . You could lose your entire family if you have 98 and use this expansion.Under XP it does n't crash but there are still nagging problems : - the ` superfast ' clock speed , the one that pops up automatically and you can not go to yourself , frequently stops in mid-day or mid-night for no reason . - Water leaks under toilets and tubs and can not be cleaned up by the Sims -LRB- though the maid gets it -RRB- . - The movement AI was never good , but now it 's even worse than before . - Neighborhood stray pets are a nuisance , especially skunks and el bandito -LRB- racoon -RRB- , though I 've had fewer burglars so they may merely replace burglars . - Sims seem to need substantially more sleep than before . I had a steady schedule for my family , and now I have lost an hour or so due to new , higher sleep requirements.If you have Windows 98 I 'd pass on this expansion rather than risk losing my existing families.If you have XP I wonder whether the game adds more than it subtracts in problems . The pets are okay , and the larger neighborhood is nice ...
 I got this expansion pack for my birthday . It took a month to finally get it installed properly . Two calls to `` techinical support '' were absolutely worthless . How did I get the game to install and the old game information to come forward into this expansion pack ? I could n't tell you . I think it was just luck . It was definitely not anything I was told by tech support to do.The animals in this game are adorable . But , once this game is installed and working , the whole gaming experience of the Sims changes . What was fun before has now become tedious . You spend way too much time trying to maintain the gains you worked for prior to installing Unleashed . In fact , since installing the game , I find I do n't explore the new features much . I keep going back to those elements of the Sims from Hot Date which I recommend whole-heartedly . Would I suggest anyone to buy this expansion pack ? Nope . I have a friend who bought it and he never could get it to work . He gave up on it . The store would not allow him to return it so he now has a copy he does n't use . The Sims is a fun game . Unleashed should have had more work on it before it was released on an unsuspecting public . Play The Sims . Do n't buy Unleashed .
 Ok the first and worst problem I had with this game is that it is too dagum big . If you have all the other expansion packs as well , it is just way too much for a computer that is n't brand spankin ' new . My computer is a year old , I have all the expansion packs , and it was way too much . I had to uninstall the whole Sims . there really does n't need to be so many neighborhoods . The CONCEPT of Unleashed is alright , but it needed lots of work . Also , strays that walk around are annoying . why would a stray dog open the door of your house and walk on in ? It is hard to train your animals , much harder than taking care of a child or something -LRB- which is unreal ! -RRB- . There is a racoon that comes around in the middle of the night and for some reason his mere presence wakes up everyone ; it also plays the same music for this that plays when there is a burglar . The idea of the game gets an A plus -LRB- just because The Sims itself is so phenomenal and fun -RRB- but the execution of it gets a C.
 I am a recent sims player , and this is the first expansion pack I bought . While there are some neat features , I am disappointed overall with this expansion pack.First , it runs very slowly on my computer.Second , the game itself seems a lot different now . It 's a lot harder to build and keep relationships . One of my sims was romantically involved with another sim , and that relationship completely fell apart when I installed Unleashed . I have no idea what changed . There are a lot more possible interactions between sims , but a lot of them are mean and the sims tend to react a lot more poorly towards one another now.Third , I experienced a lot of technical problems . The sims would spin around in circles for no reason , refuse to sit and watch TV , and floods would happen * under * items where you could n't clean them up . A patch helped , but my sims still spin too much . Also , going to Old Town is really difficult . For some reason you can only take your entire family . Also , the sims get drained of energy really quickly and it 's almost impossible to keep them in a good mood . Finally , the high speed function when the sims are out of the house or asleep no longer works well , which slows the game down considerably.It 's fun to be able to grow vegetables and have pets . I 've found that tomatoes are the best to grow because if you tend to them regularly , you can get almost a continual harvest . I have n't had any problems with pests destroying my gardens -LRB- even without pets to hunt them -RRB- . But it takes a lot of time and energy to keep even a tiny garden plot going.The pets can also be annoying . There are just too many strays running around . They mess up your yard and bring your room score way down . They wander into your house uninvited . They can bring your social score up quickly , though . It 's also difficult to keep your own pets in a good mood because you ca n't control their actions.This was a great idea , but I feel it has changed the game in more bad ways than good . I become frustrated when playing the game because of all the little annoyances .
 When I first purchased this game I thought it would be more than it really was . First the good things , while it 's obvious that you get pets you will soon get tired of feeding Fido . Some of the new objects are pretty cool , but most are n't . I thought that the load time takes too long!I would not recommend this game at all ! Do n't waste your money on it !! -LRB- . . -RRB-
 For all those Windows 2000 users out there : Yes , ... for Windows 2000 ~ but it does n't -LSB- work -RSB- . Trust me , it did n't worked for me , and it did n't work for another Windows 2000 friend of mine . So , use the previous expansion packs , and have fun downloading thiings from cool websites but do n't waste your time -LRB- or $ $ $ $ $ for that matter -RRB- on Unleashed . Do n't worry , you are n't missing out on a revolutionary product . Neither am I.
 The strays really get annoying , running around the house . The objects are cool , but dont add much . Sometimes the game would freeze and I 'd have to restart the game . I 'll stick with the reguaLar Sims .
 The Sims is an okay game and gets too much credit . All the expansions only add more job options and items -LRB- which you can easily download on the internet -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- !! Why spend so much money on an expansion ... all it adds are pets or dating or a grim reaper or the option to make parties . All the expansions are dreadfully similar.why not add more than just one more option each time ?!! i mean , for crying out loud ... Pets ? just pets ? and more neighborhoods . . wow.The variety of pets is not great , too ... I 'm disappointed
 Just in case you did n't realize this , Sims 2 is NOT backward compatible with Unleashed . Very disappointng .
 ... Many of these things is Maxis going to pump out before they realize they need to make a NEW game ??? After the end of time , maybe they 'll come up with the brilliant idea of making A REAL SEQUEL ! WOW ! Who would have though Maxis would do that , I mean , after all , they only made FIVE expansions for ONE game . I ca n't belive they would do this again . The game still has the ... sims themselves , the over priced trash cans , 1995 quality graphics , laggy gameplay , and let 's not forget the fact that Maxis has been ripping off people like this -LRB- 30 bucks for one expansion -RRB- since 1998 . I think I 'll ilegally burn a copy and then return it , thanks . >:-RRB- Kudos for Maxis , though , for mangaging to ruin a good game with so many darn expansions while still racking in the $ $ .
 Has no one ever considered the folly of living your life through a computer generated character ? Adventures and action are one thing , but when it comes to living everyday life on the computer , you need to begin questioning your priorites . Does this remind anyone of the matrix ?
 I have known about this new release for about 11/2 months now . I have thought about the game and I am beginning to become skeptical . I do not think this release will be very impressive . The last 2 expansion packs were n't very impressive either.It is a little known fact that Maxis has been developing The Sims since about 1985 . The first title was an amazing breakthrough in gaming . The game sold like ice cream in the Sahara desert . People then begged for an expansion pack . Once again Maxis outdid itself . People chewed on Living Large for awhile and were ready for a 3 helping . That came almost 1 year later when Maxis blew people 's minds with house party . So many new features , items , intereactions , and more ! Then they got careless.Maxis realized that they really had a big source of income . They imediately rushed to build Hot Date while people were still enjoying house party . They threw it out on the market and it was once again a big hit , but not as big as the others . Hot Date offered a whole new style of going downtown and meeting new people . It was a nice addition but not quite worth the money . Maxis really fell on their face when they shipped Vacation . It oferred hardly any new items and almost no itmems for home use . I was really dissapointed when I brought it home that day . They had used the exact same engine they used in Hot Date . They just changed the name and the backgrounds . They did have some cool new interactions , but certainly not worth 30 dollars . I am very skeptical about the upcoming release of unleashed . The name is very original and if you ask me , it does n't seem like they have tried very hard . They have their minds set on money and new and upcoming ways to make lots of money . Maybe I am wrong and maybe I am right . The world will know on September 23rd of 2002 . I am still a loyal supporter of The Sims , but if this release is as embarrasing as Vacation then I will be diirecting my time to other places . My reccomendation is to wait until after the release of this product . Wait a good month or so and pick up the September and October issues of PC Gamer magazine . See what they say and take my opinions into consideration . Money is becoming an ever scarcer thing and it might be a better idea to invest it in other places . Just wait until October to buy this and be patient . See what people say and find as much information ad you can before making your decision . Good day ... MASTER_G
 I ca n't even keep count of all the expansions that there are for the Sims ! With this expansion , the count comes to 5 ! 5 ! If you pay -LSB- price -RSB- for all of these it 's a grand total of -LSB- price -RSB- , and adding the -LSB- price -RSB- that you payed for the Sims it 's -LSB- price -RSB- smackers ! Now look , if you reeeeally need MORE carpeting , walls , wallpapering , objects , pets -LRB- must admit kind of cool -RRB- , places -LRB- you can go to a farmer 's market -RRB- , possibly actions ect . You have to ask yourself `` Self , do I want , nay , can I AFFORD this game for all that it gives me ? '' Think of insted what you can go with -LSB- price -RSB- dollars ... um ... okay never mind.Point being the graphics are NOT better , it takes up MORE RAM and hard drive space , when you 're still playing the same game that has more doodads , and things to do . All and all it 's just a C.D. that has more flashing light and whistles for an already fine game . Here , I 'll measure it for you , Pros More objectsPetsMore places to go -LRB- i.e. Farmers market -RRB- new actionsConsmoderatly expensivelost hard drive spacesame-old graphicssame gameplaymore RAM spaced requiredThe thought that another one of thesethings will come outBasically a souped up HOT DATEBuying this will send a message that westill want more expansions rather than thana squel . -LRB- sorry do n't know how to spell it -RRB- There you go a pro and con table.Really though it 's really you 're decision whetheror not you want to buy it . I 'm just here to give you some advice.even though you do n't know me .
 the sims is an over rated game , i could only play it for a week or two before i got sick of it and stopped . its a good concept however and it would be nice to see a fp feature or somehting that makes it sligtly more interesting . or how bout this maxis , a halloween expansion pack , new deaths , hazards , rabid animals . the game is boring , spice it up .
 I got this game for Xmas , since I have nearly all execpt Vacation . The new jobs are a plus and the items , yet the friendship factor for advancing is hard . I can get to level 4 and than need more friends , which is always harder since they added this new bar of relationsip below the orginal . ... I must agree with the racoon problem that others have stated , it is annoying . I love cats and dogs , it get 's me a little yucky though when a male or female talks cutey to a stray dog having it roll to get a belly rub.Walls , floors and such are better , you can use some of the downtown art obects in your own yard . What Maxis needs to do is add alot more jobs to choose from . Sims need to get older and get other illnesses than the gueina pig one , maybe like cancer or something . Weather should also influence a Sim 's life ; tornadoes , blizzards and such . All in all the game is good for a few weeks , and soon it just gets tiresome .
 i am a sims addict - i did not like vacation , but the idea of unleashed sounded so great . pets , an old town shopping area . . but when i got the game home and installed it ... . i got so annoyed with it , i boxed it back up and returned it.let me first start off by saying that i have a brand new alienware system , probably the best gaming system on the market right now -LRB- it cost an arm and a leg but is totally worth it -RRB- anyways , i installed unleashed and the first thing i noticed was a flickering . at first it did n't bother me , but then my system started to chunk up a little bit . i ignored it and played the game.i found it very annoying that dogs would randomly come into your house -LRB- dogs can open doors ??? -RRB- all the time . i also did not like how there was only one neighborhood instead of 5 on all the other expansion packs!some of the new objects were cool ... but the flickering really bugged me . i was told in a sims forum that most peope have the flickering problem , but they just ignore it ... i took it back and got no one lives forever 2 instead which is AMAZING!sorry sims ... . unleashed and vacation were such a letdown : -LRB-
 1st of all the game costs so much and it has problems for win98 for example when i first started , it was fun to see old town but when entered the Newbies house the problems started.The game keeps on crashing and when i go to the sims.com all the solutions did not work ! so when i just click something the game crashes.So i spent -LSB- $ -RSB- to get a game that has bugs and problems.Oh you must be wondering why i say BUGS.One of my friends told me that there were bugs he said that there were 20 over bugs like one when you go to old town to get a pet dog you click on the dog but get a pet cat.Oh and please the cover may look nice but trust me you do not want to buy and play this game.Oh and if Maxis wants to sell this game they should fix the problems first!And another thing is that it takes up more than 2GB and i have all th sims games installed so it altogether took up more than 6GB !! At that moment i was about to cry!Just see how much space it takes up is enough !! I hope that the next expansion pack does not take up so much space and has so much problems.Thats all i have to say : -RRB-
 The first two or three Sims games were AMAZING . I totally loved them , playing until all hours of the night . But when they started releasing all these new expansion packs , and I got each one as it came out , my computer had some digestion problems , so to speak . Now , it takes about fifteen minutes to load the game , and at least twenty to go to Vacation Island , Old Town , etc. . When I 'm in any of those places , my Sims move jerkily , and the screen jumps around . If I try to scroll too fast , the game either crashes or goes in slow motion . It takes my Sims at least three game hours to do anything , so I have to wake them up at 12 midnight if I hope to get them to school . All in all , I 'd say to stay small and avoid all these fancy expansion packs ! The pets are n't that great , and you could grow vegetables with downloads already !
 The game just came out and like many other buyers I went out and bought it ! BIG MISTAKE !! I have found that I am not the only victim of Maxis that many others have experienced the wonderful side affects of putting a game out before it is ready to be out ! The first time I tried to install the game it crashed and I got an error message . The second , the third and the fourth time it just crashed . I get sent back out to the desktop every time . Do n't bother asking for support or help with your game from the technical support people because they are just plain unhelpful ! I really suggest people just wait till they put a patch out because otherwise it will be a frustrating time of reinstalling , deleting and starting from scratch to correct problems only a patch can really fix !
 Make sure your computer has plenty of memory before you buy this . My computer did not , and I had to spend a couple of hours clearing up space for the game . Even after I had cleared up room for this game , it ran slowly and did not follow all the commands I asked of it . What made it even more frustrating was that I had to reinstall the original Sims onto my computer in order to install Unleashed . I 'd been playing the Sims -LRB- with Livin ' Large expansion pack -RRB- regularly without any problems , so I have no idea why the game could n't locate the Sims on my computer when I tried to install `` Unleashed '' . But reinstalling the original Sims caused all of my original game to be over-written so I had to start from scratch with no money and no career . I used to enjoy playing the Sims but now that it runs so slow with the expansion , and that I have to re-start from the beginning after a year of advancing in my money and my career , I ca n't even play the game the way I used to . : -LRB-
 I would like to say that when The Sims come , I got it and install it into my PC . It speed is normal for me.I only got max . 9fps for this.Then , I got the expansion pack Living Large.I am only got 5fps on it.House Party -- 4fpsHot Date -- -LRB- normal -RRB- 3fps -LRB- downtown -RRB- 0.1 fpsVacation -- -LRB- Not available on my computer yet ! -RRB- This expansion -- 1 fpsso what I am know is my Cyrix MII 300 is not yet for this game.What i hope is not its graphics but PERFORMANCE!Since its graphics is good.I rate it was a BEST game but also got its bad .
 I did n't like this game that much . The animals , especially the dogs , got really annoying when I was trying to make two people become friends . I enjoyed the new careers , characters , and items , but the animals made the game really annoying . Plus , my computer is 5 years old and it took forever to load .
 i wished you could have put sim children with more interactions . like they start off as babyz then to toddlers , thensmall children then teenagers , then finally adulats . oh then old people.i want that .
 I own this game at home and it is not good at all ! At first wanted this game so bad . but now I have it and it is not fun or entertaining ! all your pets do is pee on the floor and make your sim MAD ! and do n't get exited about planting things , cause it only makes them tiered . when your sim is not doing so well you do things to cheer them up and you do n't play with the whyning puppy next to you and it will soon die from lack of attention ! do n't listen to other reviews !!!!!!!! and when you build stores and go to them it just makes your sims worse ! and they stink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU DO N'T WANT THIS GAME AS MUCH AS YOU THINK YOU DO !!!
 I bought `` SIMs Double Deluxe '' and `` SIMs Unleashed '' for my kids , and boy am I sorry . It crashes at least once every time they play . My kids come to me with long faces and want me to restart the computer . Their SIM creations are always lost.I 've been a windows programmer for over ten years . Even by windows standards , this is very poorly tested . Even my children admit the poor quality of the game is a pain.It does this on three different computers , running Windows-98 , Windows-2000 , and windows XP . It happens at their friends houses too.The upside to this crashing is that the game has NO EDUCATIONAL VALUE . It 's a total time waster , so when it crashes it gets the kids to do something more constructive.The expansion packs also use an obnoxious copy protection , so I ca n't make backup copies of my CDs . My kids often trash the originals , so this violation of my fair-use rights could cost me money . My solution is a vow to never buy EA products again , nor let my kids by any.Parents , do not buy this junk for your children .
 I got this game 4 monthes ago and all of a sudden itsall fuzzy and scratched up.I call this boring !
 The Sims was a bad idea to start off with and the fact that they have draged it on says something about the publishers and the people buying it . I buy this game , every single expansion pack and I hate them all ! This game is so boring , so trite , so unimaginative . This game has all the makings of a very bad game .
 In `` The Sims Unleashed '' , as you probably already know , you get to have pets . I was very eager to get this game , and when I did , I was a little disapointed . Perhaps my expectations were too high . But anyway , your pet is just like a sim , except you can not control it . And once you get it the only way to get rid of it is to kill it . Other than the pet items , there are not many new items that your sim can buy for his/her house . Though there are some new stairs , wallpapers , etc. . I got tired of this game only after a week or so of buying it , so it was not worth the $ ... I paid for it .
 While hiring a maid and gardner , the game slows down allot when you have it in fast fast mode . The jobs are good-but getting the allotment for friends is hard , I can get to level 4 of all new jobs , till I need 3 or more to make the next few levels . Friendship is the hardest , I miss the one green bar and the simple 20 dollar gift giving part . I would give it more than one star , so many bugs in this game I have heard about from other people.The pet thing is nice-yet your Sim has no time to take care of a pet , while he or she has a job . People are right , why is n't there any control over pets ? I bought a feline for my Sim , the cats bar 's we 're almost red . The parrot deal is dumb , they die even if you feed them and such . Also miss the 8 neighborhood lots from the orginal Sims , buidling a house is fun . Sims need to get older and die , immortality is bogus for a Sim . Well , they die from accidents at home . The strays do help a Sim 's social bar streak back up . Social reactions are funny to hear , the puppet and such . Game is fun when you play for a week or two , than it gets tiresome .
 I received this game just over a day ago and was disappointed to say the least . The best part was all the options that you have with a car . It is almost info overload . But ... the graphics are AWFUL ! I have a Athon 800MHZ pc with a NVIDIA GEFORCE 2 64MB card and have the graphics set to the max . They remind me of the graphics for the first NASCAR RACING game from Papyrus . You can tell where EA cuts some corners . I would suggest NASCAR RACING 4 if you want the complete package .
 Basically , this is an arcade GAME , NOT anywhere close to a simulation . If you want a physics model that simulates real racing get Papyrus N2002 , or wait for the N2003 in February . EA has obviously cut many corners to get this on the shelves before Christmas . Patches are needed to correct inaccurate physics and gameplay , and the multiplayer is a joke . Do n't waste your money .
 This game does n't even remotely compare to the `` NASCAR Racing '' series by Papyrus . Graphics and game play are poor . Wait for NASCAR Racing 2003 to be released .
 I 'm a long time NASCAR fan and a long time NASCAR sim racer . Ive been following the development of the Sierra/Papyrus group and moved up through all of their versions . With all of the hype -LRB- guess millions spent in advertising does work -RRB- I got NASCAR Thunder 2003 for Christmas . I was really looking forward to it . I loaded it up , fooled with it a couple of times , and it has not been run since . This thing is at most 20 % of the game NASCAR 2002 is . The graphics look like caricatures of cars , misshappen and strange . There 's just not very much in this game to get excited about . Save your money on this one and buy any of the Papyrus NASCAR games . They are all better than this ridiculous thing.I thought that EA would be able to do for their NASCAR game what they did for F1-2000 and F1-2002 which are pretty decent sims . I was wrong .
 Ive been racing online for quite sometime . I was extremely excited about this game . What a disapointment . The physics are poor . The graphics are average at best . Replay value is low . Multiplay is pretty much useless . The multiplayer doesnt really even work . On the few times you can connect on a multiplayer game it disconnects within 10 minutes , regardless of your connection . Do yourself a favor , wait till Feb / 2003 and buy Papy 's 2003 Nascar game . They make a product that will blow you away ! Stunning graphics , smooth gameplay , real physics , Multiplayer easy and lag free .
 Usually EA is great . However , for the serious online racer , Sierra 's Nascar 2003 season is really the best . I was not impressed .
 very disapointed with game.have a lot of trouble with it.cant ' t tune cars right.ordered nascar 2003 , hope its better .
 Well to start off with thunder 2003 is another fluke from EAits just as bad as all the rest of there nascar games.if you want a real race sim . You need to look no further than any papyrus nascar racing series . o yea for you dale fan ` she was the spokesman for papy untill ea bought him out -LRB- What a sell out -RRB-
 I 'm extremely disappointed in EA . This game is light-years inferior to the NASCAR 2003 game previously made by Papyrus.EA bought a NASCAR racing game MONOPOLY for themselves by purchasing sole marketing rights for using the NASCAR name , driver 's names , sponsor 's names , tracks , themes , etc. . Now that they 've driven their superior rivals from the scene , they feel they are leaving NASCAR fans with no choice but to buy this inferior product.They 've had years to improve this game to 2003 standards , but they think NASCAR fans are too `` intellectually unsophisticated '' to know the difference , and will have no choice but to buy their product . This is perfect example of why competition is needed.Save your money , since the Papyrus games are still available from various sources -LRB- just search -RRB- . Even if I did n't already have access to NASCAR 2003 , I still would n't waste my time playing this , since numerous other racing games -LRB- non-NASCAR -RRB- are vastly superior to EA 's in every respect .
 midway arcade classics is not a total waste of $ . im tough when i rate a product ... therefore u can avoid all the others here + i will gv u the skinny . like banging into walls with uncontrollable sprint car ? ... here s ur game . marblemadness ? impossible to control . you get the idea . howevr , i hv given this 1 star because defender is barely playable + joust is ok , + that retarded tank game atari 2600 is retarded bt playable + certainly set the standard for pickin up fuel and life pods + armour upgrades for all the present games of today . i ll let my young son loose on tht tank game as it teaches a little math as u buy stuff for your tank . just remember , the chink who transferred this to this platform is now sippin martinis on his own island with a paper umbrella in it ... while u will wonder why u cant get ur car into the weapons van ... and ur sprint car keeps blowin a hole in the wall on sprint . so to sum it up ... if ur a major geek + youre recovering from prostate surgery ... it ll b mildly amusing til the oxycotin wears off .
 I have been a big fan of the NFS series since the original NFS . I have every one of the editions in my collection . NFS 3 Hot Pursuit has always been my favourite and I still play it today , so my anticipation of Hot Pursuit 2 was huge . It sounded like it would have everything I wanted - improved graphics and sound , lots of great cars , over 20 tracks , the very fun hot pursuit mode and multi-player over the internet . Aside from the improved graphics and sound I have been disappointed on every one of the other promised features.The cars - the game comes with a reasonable number of cars but you ca n't add any more . All you can do is customize their paint jobs . I have over 100 NFS 3 cars installed , everything from F1 racers to Golf GTI 's . And when you play over the net , the only cars you will be playing with are the McLaren F1 LM and Merc CLK GTR and maybe the Ferrari F50 - so end up with 3 cars that you actually use.The tracks - There are 4 locations in the game and all the tracks consist of segments of those 4 locations . It seems like a lot for the first hour or so but then it soon becomes just 4 tracks . The tracks themselves are rather uninteresting too . The only good thing thats new is the proliferation of shortcuts and alternate routes . This has been very well implemented into the game.Hot Pursuit - I think EA should be ashamed to have even called this game Hot Pursuit . It 's pathetic . Way worse than in NFS 3 . It is so easy to avoid the cops in this game , and when you 're playing the cop the only way to catch the speeders is to slam into them at high speed and knock them over . This is a big step backwards from NFS 3 where you got a genuine thrill avoiding the cops . And to add insult to injury you cant play Hot Pursuit mode on multiplayer.Multi-player - on the plus side , the game ships with Gamespy arcade , which detects NFS6 and in no time you will be connected to an internet server and thrashing it out online . The downside is that it 's only single races that you can play . No hot pursuit mode . Not even any traffic . Worst of all to me though was that you ca n't change the keyboard controls . You are stuck with the defaults which frankly do n't suit me . This is basic stuff . I ca n't believe EA could n't have even got this right.All in all I would say this is a big step backward for the NFS series . I hope that EA will address some of these problems with a BIG patch , and not an expansion pack that we have to shell out more money for .
 For me it all started with Need For Speed 2 se . Followed up by high stakes , hot pursuit , and porche unleashed . When i found out a new nfs was coming out ... i waited in anticipation for the release date . However , i spent -LSB- hard earned $ -RSB- that i will never get back . The game is not too realistic as far as driving , and while the graphics are amazing , it lacks the nfs flare . By removing damage , and slowing traffic down , it just leaves a bad taste in your mouth.Also , i have had nothing but problems with this game . I have a p4 1.8 gig processor , running with a 7200rpm 80gig hard drive , 512 pc800 memory , and a 64mb GeForce 3 . Yet for some reason , when i play more than one race , i get the windows xp blue screen of death ... as it dumps my phsical memory . I tried contacting EA and there worthless support staff did even less than CompUSA , the store i purchased the game from.So a word to the wise ... save your money !
 NFS 1 - The first . Not the best , but a glimpse of things to come.NFS 2 - Much better graphics , and a great `` wide open '' track . Car physics very realistic.NFS 2 SE - EA 's attempt at making an extra buck by forcing you to buy another copy of the same game . Unfortunately , it worked on those of us who bought 3D cards AFTER the first NFS 2 came out.NFS 3 HP - Graphics are even better . The car dashes were true to life as well as the car info , but EA lost the wide open track . The extra of being law enforcement did n't make up for much.NFS 4 HS - Graphics about the same , a new money feature , but what horrible car physics . Another disappointment from EA.NFS PU - EA finally listened to it 's loyal customers and produced what I would say is the best of the bunch . The best car -LRB- Porsche rules -RRB- , the graphics are top notch , the car physics are truly the elite of the series -LRB- next to Grand Prix Legends -RRB- . The GT1 on the Autobahn is to die for.Which leaves me with only one more ... NFS HP2 - I do n't know what the game designers at EA were smoking when they thought up this monstrosity , but they obviously shared it with the upper echelons of EA because they actually released it . All the wonderful graphics in the world could not help this game due to the fact that the car physics are directly related to that of a slot car racing set . Mash the gas pedal and away you go . No skill is necessary to master this game . All the cars have the same behavior -LRB- I seriously doubt a REAL Lotus Elise could run toe-to-toe with the mother of all supercars - The McLaren F1 -RRB- . Besides that , most of the cars in the game are rehashes of ones from the previous games -LRB- with no more interior shots or info even -RRB- . We already know what the McLaren F1 and the Ferrari F50 can do . How about some supercars from THIS century like the Saleen S7 or the upcoming Ford GT or the Lingenfelter twin turbo Corvette ? If staring blankly into your computer screen and lazily pointing a car down a road at full throttle and bouncing off walls is your idea of racing , then this may be your ticket . But if you crave the realism of TRUE racing and do n't have the cash , save your -LSB- $ $ -RSB- and buy a copy of NFS PU or Grand Prix Legends - you 'll leave the arcade racers in the dust .
 I must say that I 'm quite disappointed by this game . I 've been a fan of the series . However , since I switched to Win2K -LRB- and therefore could not run the previous NFS versions -RRB- I was eager to get my hands on this new NFS HP 2 and now that I have I can honestly say that I would have rather wanted a patch to run the previous versions on my PC than this.Sure the graphics are very nice -LRB- although I personally do n't believe that it 's that big an upgrade from NFS PU -RRB- but the game lacks a lot of things . The tracks are not that exciting and although there are supposed to be 20 or so all are based on 4 or 5 basic tracks which means that there 's no big change in the atmosphere of the game . I recall with the previous versions some of the tracks gave me chills while driving through them but I was actually falling asleep while driving -LRB- and winning -RRB- with the Mclaren F1 LM . The cars are more or less an upgraded list of those found on NFS HS which is a good thing.But what bothers me the most is that the people at EA seem to have taken a step backwards in many aspects . There 's no weather so the challenge of driving through rain , or even worse , through snow is missing . No in car view means that you do n't getr to see the car 's dashboard and steering wheel . All you get are the speedo and rev counter of each car and 2 3rd person views . You ca n't change cammeras in the replay . Also , there 's no career mode or anything like that . On the previous 2 NFS I enjoyed a lot buying the cars , upgrading them , selling them and fixing them . But no such thing now . The cars come as they are , the damage is only visual and the `` points '' you get are only useful for unlocking cars and tracks . And if you think that the game will be a lot more fun once you switch to HP and start chasing speeders then think again because while in the original NFSHP you had to block the car in order to catch him in this one you just have to hit it a few times and it 's done . Not challenging by any means.I might also add that those that have played the previous versions of NFS will find this game to be extremely easy which means it wears off quickly -LRB- I bought mine 3 days ago and I 've already `` finished '' it and I 'm tired of it already -RRB- . So , my advice . If you have U$ 40 to spend on a game that will give some relative fun for a few days then go ahead . But be warned , do n't expect something better than the previous versions of NFS .
 I am -LRB- or was -RRB- a big fan of the Need for Speed series . I own all the previous versions and consider them to be some of the best PC driving games ever made . I particularly liked NFS Hot Pursuit -LRB- the original -RRB- because of the high replay value and the tournament play which featured currency-driven upgrades.Thus , I confidently preordered NFS Hot Pursuit 2 in September and anxiously awaited its arrival . Well , it 's here and I am royally disappointed . This pretender to the throne is really a quarter-pumping arcade special in disguise . If I wanted to play garbage like this I 'd have bought a console system , not a PC . This is clearly an unimaginative console port which has no place , or lineage , in the Need For Speed heritage . Shame on Electronic Arts for abusing the NFS namesake in this manner.Here are only a few of the gripes I have with this game
 Having spent some time with the retail PC version of this game , I have no problem giving it two firm thumbs down . This game had all kinds of potential but it looks to me like EA was in a major hurry to get this to market.I will say that the graphics are stunning . The tracks and cars are extremely well done . The gameplay and features on the other hand leave so much to be disired that you could probably have just about the same amount of fun playing the old Pole Position title on an Atari 2600 . Think I am kidding ? I kid you not . Think of Hot Pursuit II as Pole Position with REALLY good graphics . Period.EA had done almost everything right with the Porsche Unleashed title . The unique handling physics made it one of the best driving games ever . The physics model in this game ? hmmm ... ok , picture yourself in a supercharged Winnebago cruising the back roads . The terms `` vague and unresponsive '' epitomize the handling characteristics of this game . How sad.PROS :1 . Graphics are stellar2 . Cool cars -LRB- once you suffer through the game long enough to unlock them -RRB- 3 . Nicely rendered tracks -LRB- once you suffer through the game long enough to unlock them -RRB- CONS :1 . Force Feedback ... or shall I say the nearly complete LACK of feedback . It also does not officially recognize my wheel -LRB- Thrustmaster Ferrari wheel -RRB- which means that hardly any of my POV buttons , etc. can be used . Uh , Houston ? We 've got a problem .2 . ZERO physics model . The cars behave like sticks of butter in a frying pan . OK , if you 're not old enough to drive a real car and like to fantasize that you are Mario Andretti , you might think this game is cool . For those of us who have driven real cars and driven real cars on a road race course , this game is a major bummer . OK , so it is n't a `` simulator '' you say ? I agree ... it also is n't a very good arcade title .3 . Replay function is boring ... only one camera angle available .4 . Limited cars and tracks . They taunt you with all the cool cars and tracks yet they do n't mention that you have VERY limited access to the GOOD cars until you suffer through hours of game play to earn enough ` credits ' to buy another car . In games like NFS Porsche Unleashed this was not a major problem because the game was actually FUN . What a concept . ; - -RRB- I could go on and on , but I would sum it up like this
 This is a wretched piece of software . The game works fine , and the graphics and other bells and whistles function well.Nevertheless , the game is not just a racing game , and the `` E '' rating is very misleading . Unfortunately , the player is pursued by police , who come equipped with rocket-charged helicopters capable of firing on and destroying the vehicles they are chasing . The end result , far from being a simple race , is often a fireball.I do not understand how a manufacture can peddle something like this with such a benign rating . This game is not benign , constructive or even fun . The sound track is grating , and the action is worse . It is unsuitable in any case for children under age 16 , and in my humble opinion , it is n't really suitable for anyone .
 I suguest you skip this game . The cars have very poor handling . There is not much in the way of setup to make the cars handle better . Beside very poor graphics the police chase does not seem realistic . If you can call it a chase the police very often come onto the road in front of your car and seem to be a lot faster.If you can find it the Jeff Gordon XS Racing is by far a better arcade game .
 I loved the NFS series of games , and had high expectations from this one . Unfortunately , this turned out to be a bit of a lemon.To elaborate , herer are my vioews after playing the game for over a fortnight :1 . Where the HELL is night driving , driving in rain/snow , and damage ??? 2 . Cop mode is the best part of the game , but the cops suck . They could not arrest me after trying for 2 weeks ! and no , I did ` nt have to use cheat codes for that . Even a moron could out-drive them .3 . ONLY 4 Tracks , what was EA thinking ? 4 . It is a pain trying to earn money and unlock more tracks and cars , cause you got ta earn a HUGE nos of points !! But , on a positive note , the game has certain good points in it favor :1 . Graphics are very good , and the Music is terrific , EA really got this well done ! -LRB- and frankly , it seems to be the only good point about the game -RRB- 2 . The range of cars is really huge .3 . Lots of innovative features , if you are a cop , like calling for backup an additional chopper or car , in addition to the spikestrip.I can only say that this series of NFS is a fine game , but it is a wimp compared to the previous ones . Gim me back NFS 2,3,4 and 5 anyday !
 I bought this game , hoping it would be good . . Guess I waisted 10 bucks ! I have an average comp with double the RAM required and a decent graphics card , and this game runs like crap . The graphics are way too choppy and it freezes my computer . I think it 's a waste of 10 bucks unless you have an awesome computer made for constantly moving games like this .
 I bought the Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed for my microsoft steering wheel but they are NOT compatible . I just bought several microsoft racing games to go with my new microsoft steering just to be safe .
 It is incredible you can ONLY play it with Keyboard and there is no option for a Wheel or Joystick.Do not buy it !!!
 I was disappointed , compare it to Burnout 2 before you make your choice .
 Having enjoyed all the previous NFS games , I had high hopes for this one.But it was not to be.I have a high-end system that has never chocked on a game before , but with this one , I had to lower my refresh rate to 800X600 to get any kind of reasonable frame rate . As you might guess , the graphics are n't so pretty then ! The cars all feel like they are on oily roads , and of the five I have driven so far , I see hardly any difference . The AI is a throwback to the days of NFS2 or 3 when all the other drivers seem hell bent on taking you out of the race . They will ram you or cut you off if you get anywhere near them . And once you have contact with one of them , you might as well start over because you 're going to the back of the pack ! The exhaust sounds fake , and differs little from car to car.This is definately not a sim ! If you like playing with toys , this is your game , but if you want some serious driving , look elsewhere . Maybe EA will patch this mess and make it more enjoyable , but in the meanwhile , I 'm going to reload Porsche Unleashed and play through it again .
 I have played nfs 2 and up and I would say after three they lost there momentum . The graffics there are no better , but where is the ability to jump cliffs with the car , and hide behind the fence at the gas station . If you want a cool game expirence get Need for Speed 3 , they lack some graffics but make it up with the ability to jump off a cliff and land on the police .
 I loved the old Need for Speed Hot Pursuit , but this one is horrable . It glitches tons . The cops are too fast and there is no way to cheat unlock cars ! This game went from `` hero to zero '' . Big disapointment EA !
 Okay , I apologize for my earlier review . For some odd reason I was reading reviews on this game and someone said to run it with a keyboard . Well , I have a force-feedback steering wheel which worked very poorly on this game -LRB- VERY POORLY -RRB- . However , when I started using the keyboard this game was as fun as the NFS games of old.The physics model does stink in my opinion compared to Colin McRae Rally 4.0 or Need for Speed
 when it comes to games , I Only play Need For Speed . I got hooked on them back in the days when the 1st one had the R&T add on them . Anyways , what I 'm trying to say is that I play absolutely nothing else . So when I heard that HP2 was comin out I was more than pumped , and the release date came and I was impressed at the new additions in the lineup like the new Lambo and da Carrera GT , however , when i started the tournament ... all you do is pick a car and race for some points that have nothing to do with the actual tournament but rather unlocking the cars and tracks in the single player mode ! I personally like the idea of High Stakes and PU that you have to race for money and buy your cars , which makes the game fun to play with a goal in mind . Here it doesnt matter as long as you finish in the top 3 , you just move on to the next race/knockout/time trap and choose your car at no price . At some point in time you only get a chance to race the Viper like once or twice ... Another thing that definetly did not impress me was the effort put into the tracks . It seems that there are 3 locations and that there are about 9 tracks ... lem me explain . EA team made one track and made 3 versions by choppin up the street and inserting a few turns and renaming it . Way to put in the effort guys.Bottom line is everything looks nice but it was extremely rushed , no tracks , free cars in tournaments , and no upgrades that we are used to seeing.PS . After i bought this game and passed it with ease within a week -LRB- all gold -RRB- , I was back to racing in a less fancy , but more fun High Stakes and NFSPU .
 When I downloaded the demo and played , I felt very disappointed . This is not at all an improvement of the NFS saga . It seems that they forgot that a good game should have something more than just good graphics.The saddest thing is that they cut off the amazing physics of Porsche unleashed , hot pursuit 2 does n't even simulate the basic behavior of a real car . I think that physics simulation is the most important thing that a game of this type should care most.If you are just a kid , I think that there is a very good chance that you would like the game . But if you are a person who knows how a car should behave , you should buy Porsche Unleashed .
 Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed was -LRB- and is -RRB- a great game . Hot Pursuit 2 is a step backward . The graphics are n't any better and what is worst is that the game does NOT support many game steering wheels.I 've tried the game on a very new Windows XP system and on an old Windows 98SE system . In either case you CAN NOT get the game to recognize a MICROSOFT STEERING WHEEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I contacted EA -LRB- who made the game -RRB- and they tell me Microsoft steering wheels -LRB- whether USB or gameport -RRB- are `` non-compliant '' . That means the game simply does n't work with Microsoft products . I 've done extensive searches for drivers , etc on the internet but the bottom line is that Microsoft and ALSO MANY OTHER steering wheels do not work with this game.Pass on this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It is pretty fun but like the last veiwer i want a cockpit view . It isnt very well built , Lots of errors -LRB- no wonder it was only 20 bucks . -RRB-
 Not worth the wait . Game stutters , even on high-end systems . Controls a step down from Porsche Unleashed . Only consolidation is the graphics quality .
 Ok EA ... you started out with a great concept ... exotic cars and cops ... the ultimate chase ... you did well with NFS Hot Pursuit ... good game play , nice graphics -LRB- for the time -RRB- , with a few bugs here and there ... and a pretty nice replay which made for half the fun ... you removed the cops in Porsche Unleashed which killed some of the fun but it had good phisics and a nice replay . . so now for NFS Hot Pursuit 2 you remove the replay ? ... The phisics need a little tweeking ... I 'm fine with that ... I 've actually driven the Ferrari Modena Spyder ... and the sounds are right on , and the phisics are pretty close to the real thing -LRB- somewhat -RRB- but what ... is the point of having a MODENA if you ca n't look at it ? Personally ... I like the driving perspective from the `` INSIDE '' of the car ... which ... in this NFS game is GONE ... you get 2 analog dials insted of a dashboard ... which I could actually live with if I had my second desire filled ... and that is TO WATCH MYSELF DRIVE , CRASH , SPEED , CUT OFF , MAKE GREAT MOVES , MAKE BAD MOVES , ECT ... but NO ... . EA gets the brainstorm of removing the camera control in the replay section ... P > The music is great ... graphics get a little too `` video gameish '' at times but for the most part they rock ... if you have a system that can set the effects channel to it 's highest setting ... you get some really cool world weather effects ... -LRB- warning
 I wanted to post this just as an FYI for anybody who fell in love with the original hot pursuit . This game 's hot pursuit mode is totally heinous . EA really botched it . You ca n't be the police and chase down bad guys with your buddies over the network . We bought a bunch of copies found this out and sold a bunch of copies totally lame . So just a heads up
 If you like to play games where you know where the enemy is and can turn a corner and shoot to kill - this is the game for you . The format remains exactly the same every time . Your `` team '' does nothing but get in your way . I liked a couple of the early delta force games but this one SUCKS .
 A few things about this game are annoying : In one of the missions , when I select the M16 with grenadelauncher , the grenades fly through the walls without exploding . Perhaps they have been fitted with some kind of advanced cloaking device in order to spare precious monumental bunkers ? On more than one occassion I have also found that when I try to kill a hostile my team-mates form a human shield around the target , forcing me to fire at them . On another mission -LRB- which takes place in total darkness -RRB- you rely on night-vision to see what you 're doing and the enemy relies on barrels of fire to see what 's going on . So obviously you 'd want to avoid the barrels at all cost to prevent your detection and consequent execution . But unfortunately the A.I. is so bad that your team-mates eagerly swarm around the fires , and you half expect one of them to pull out a guitar and start singing camp-fire songs.There are not enough missions to keep me entertained , the A.I. is entirely non-existent and some of the ammunition is a bit too clever for my taste . The only reason I have it is because it came with a new videocard .
 This game blows - pure and simple . First off the AI is the worst i have ever seen in a game . Militia will take cover from your fire , ducking and putting thier heads down . as they do this they will wander into your line of fire and be cut down . Clipping errors are rampant , when you get close to an allied unit your point of view shakes wildly - you get stuck on walls alot too . The graphics are artrocious , and its not my computer - I have a 2.8 ghz p4 , 512 RAM and a radeon 9700 . when they are at max , faces look cartoony , the animations look stilted and the textures are horrible . The levels are also horribly designed , like they only have two types of levels to play in this game
 BEWARE
 I have all of Nova games - Compared to Ubi Soft this game is a joke . While everyone else out there is moving forward withgame engines like the Unreal gaming engine , Nova does not spendmuch money at all to make a more pleasurable gaming experience.Black Hawk Down has unrealistic scale , accuracy is -LSB- bad -RSB- , an ifyou get more than five people in a multiplayer game forget aboutautomatic weapons , they will lagg the game into oblivion !
 I 'm really not impressed . Yeah , the graphics are good -LRB- if you have the computer to support it -RRB- but the overall fun value is very low for the single player mission . It 's just a bit too easy to kill the enemy -LRB- almost like using auto-aim -RRB- . How can one shot to the abdomen take a man down so easily ? Plus , you ca n't control how far grenades are thrown . There 's way too many scripted elements in the game ... for instance , if you do n't kill this guy first with the RPG , then you die . If you do n't kill this guy that runs around the corner , then the hostages die . It 's just too scripted and not a very customizable pre-mission setup .
 BHD was supposed to be Novalogics entry into the ` real ' FPS arena . Unfortunately , it simply took outstanding grahics and a recognizable subject matter -LRB- the book and movie BHD -RRB- and cobbled it together with some of the same old AI problems and short-sighted features.First , the AI - You highly trained Delta Force and ranger operators have a hard time hitting things 3 feet away - fortunately for u , so does the enemy . I have watched my teammates and some somalis blow off 30 or so rounds at each other from 10 feet away and not hit a damn thing . Also , you can not drive any of the vehicles in the game -LRB- tho you can be a gunner in most -RRB- leaving you to the driver Ai which is basically ' drive straight to the way point even if 20 guys with rocket propelled grenades are in front of you ' . Your weapon selection is a bit pointless -LRB- admittedly , many good games also suffer from this such as ghost recon and Rogue spear -RRB- . For instance , you often are faced with the choice of an M16 or an AR15 . the M16 has greater range , but the AR15 has a scope . You would be out of your mind to take the M16 . Now the M16 with the grenade launcher might seem better , but there is an Ar15 with the same grenade launcher as well . Similiarly , you can choose between a few machine guns as well with similiar issues . the SAW is more accurate than the more powerful M60 , but it 's a machine gun for crying out loud - it is hardly like you are going to snipe with it.As far as options within the game , you will be surprised to learn that you are assigned an operative at the start of every mission - you are not given a choice . Your weapons are usually customizable , but you may not select a Delta Force member vs. a ranger or what have you . Also , the missions are pretty linear , tho you can select from 3 at a time , you must eventually defeat those missions to see the whole ` campaign ' . the campaign itself is more like a bunch of mission thrown together with a few weak plot elements thrown in to try like mad to connect them in some way.In multiplayer , you will love the options as long as you were not planning on replaying the campaign missions with your friends . there is no Co-op mode . This was the biggest disappointment for me . I expected a co-op mode and it was for this that i purchased the game . Instead you get the standard ho-hum capture the flag , death match and king of the hill modes . the 12 year olds that like to camp near spawn points and rack up 400 kills will love it . Tactical oriented players who like squad based team work with friends will go back to ghost recon.The graphics are pretty good here , and overall , it is much better than Task force dagger or any other Delta game of the past , but Novalogic is still lagging behind here . This game quickly degenerates into a Doom style shoot 'em up due to the lack of good story line , poor choices for customizing your operative and shoddy AI.Wait for Rainbow 6 3 or play ghost recon a while longer . ... EDIT 4/12/03Within the past few days the novalogic team has offically stated there are no plans for a co-op mode add on or patch due to the intense nature of the AI . Seems they wored very hard to get your teammates to shoot each other and to pock mark the walls of the buuildings of mogadishu with their M-16s . Not exactly reaching for a better review from the team work oriented types like myself ...
 I have been playing delta force since the first one , and it seems with every new game nova logic comes out with they get worst . they ca n't get any worst then black hawk down.If all you want to do is play it offline then your ok , but if your like me and you like the online play , forget it , ... you no sooner get online with it then your back on desktop trying to get it going again , tech support says they will one day get a fix for it , since so many people are having a problem with it , but even on a good day when it do n't restart itself right away , it still gives you other problems that make it sooooo not worth playing .
 Even Mark Bowden , the author of the book Black Hawk Down , thinks that this game should never have been made . Aside from the atrocious teammate and enemy AI in the demo and the hideous performance when the players enter buildings , the memory of every fighting man that died in Somalia is DISGRACED by turning that abattoir into a traditional first-person shooter.I bet anybody who was there or had ever served in the military would be stunned that this game allows you to get shot multiple times and then run over `` health packs '' to regain your health . Just like real war , right folks?This is so abominable every copy should come with an apology . Even though NovaLogic is based in California , I doubt many Americans work there .
 Most people think the whole delta force serious was a disgrace to the PC world . I am pround to be a part of the Delta Force Community and I love the delta force series !!!!!!!!!!! This new game black hawk down is n't however ANYTHING like the old delta force series ! So novalogic just because some people do n't like your other games so u do n't make as much money as u would with newer games with different gameplay . Well this game may be greatly appealing to the rest of the PC world but what about us loyal Delta Force fans who have bought the entire series made our buddies buy the entire series ! We spent our money on buying webspace for squads about the series and we even spend 10 + hours a week on these games ! So now u give us some game which makes more people go out to the store and buy the game , but not me I will be play with my loyal delta force fans on the game play we love ! All u guys in Novalogic are doing is dissipointing delta force fans alike , so if u guys want to care about only money and dump us like we never spend all that money on your game then go ahead but just think when u guys are getting your fancy cars we will be playing the same old game waiting for new weapons and new computer AI ! I as a Delta Force fan think that if u would keep the same graphics and basicly the same gameplay then with a new weapon here and there would be all u need to get us Delta Force fans to buy your game ! Think about it u guys get more money and get us happy even with not so many improvements . Do n't listen to all the reviews because we love the games and will stick with it !! ...
 For an event that did n't happen so long ago , this game is cruel . Not only is it unethical , but it 's not entertaining either . Although I 've only played the demo , I felt extremely let down . This game is n't even original . It 's like every other first person shooter out there .
 I ca n't believe they are doing a game after those Special Forces soldiers who were killed on that horrible day in Mogadishu -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- . These people who designed the game could n't have picked another country in the world . North Korea ? Afghanistan ? How about Iraq?This is strictly a respect issue and to make a game off of a terrible incident for this country especially in these times is extremely insensitive and greedy.To those who think , `` well its only a video game '' try selling the game to the families of the soldiers who were killed or maimed .
 Most people think the whole delta force serious was a disgrace to the PC world . I am pround to be a part of the Delta Force Community and I love the delta force series !!!!!!!!!!! This new game black hawk down is n't however ANYTHING like the old delta force series ! So novalogic just because some people do n't like your other games so u do n't make as much money as u would with newer games with different gameplay . Well this game may be greatly appealing to the rest of the PC world but what about us loyal Delta Force fans who have bought the entire series made our buddies buy the entire series ! We spent our money on buying webspace for squads about the series and we even spend 10 + hours a week on these games ! So now u give us some game which makes more people go out to the store and buy the game , but not me I will be play with my loyal delta force fans on the game play we love ! All u guys in Novalogic are doing is dissipointing delta force fans alike , so if u guys want to care about only money and dump us like we never spend all that money on your game then go ahead but just think when u guys are getting your fancy cars we will be playing the same old game waiting for new weapons and new computer AI ! I as a Delta Force fan think that if u would keep the same graphics and basicly the same gameplay then with a new weapon here and there would be all u need to get us Delta Force fans to buy your game ! Think about it u guys get more money and get us happy even with not so many improvements . Do n't listen to all the reviews because we love the games and will stick with it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't know what game the other reviewers have been playing , but the AI of the Black Hawk Down that I have been playing is just aweful . Your squad consists of you and the three stoogies ; your squad mates ca n't hit the broad side of the barn when it comes to the bad guys even if the bad guy is standing right next to them so you will have to spearhead to do almost all of the shooting ; however , the the three stoogies will take this opportunity to shoot you in the back or from the side or they will run in front of you and block your shoots . You can not give the three stoogies command so they just basically do whatever . The civilian will run between you and the bad guys , but do n't worry because the three stoogies are good at shooting the civilians . The AI of the enemies are just as bad . They shoot all over the place and wander around like idiots most of the times . This game is nowhere near the sophistication of Ghost Recon .
 This game blows . Not only do you have incredibly stupid teammates , but the enemy is just as dumb , the load times are long and it has limited saves.I love first-person shooters but this one is a total bust . Try Max Payne 2 if you want an incredible fps experience .
 Zero stars ! My copy of Delta Force V
 Trust me when I say this game is weak . I do n't know what all the 4 and 5 star ratings are about for this game . If you are under 15 , maybe this game is interesting . BUT if you have played MOH or COD , Counter Strike , Raven Shield ... then this game will seem very lame and silly to you.The missions are uninspired , recycled garbage . The game engine , graphics and the game AI are HORRIBLE !!!!!!!! It is no fun when you are trying to shoot enemy troops and your soldiers just walk right in front of you and stop or just ignore the troops shooting at them from 3 feet away or when they constantly shoot into a wall because an enemy soldier is hiding behind it -LRB- funny how they can not figure out how to kill an enemy 2 feet away in the open but they can see through walls !! -RRB- Believe me when I say your squad mates will constantly get in your way and block your path !!!! At the VERY LEAST - either download a demo or borrow a copy from a friend and test drive this yourself before spending $ 30 or more on this garbage.NovaLogic used to make some decent games back when I had a 386 DX2 with a 210MB hard drive and Windows 3.1 , and even then the game AI was so-so . NovaLogic has not changed a bitSkip this and spend your money on the games that are really going to knock your socks off .
 This game is a huge disapointment . Of cousre novalogic makes it so that explains the reason it 's -LRB- bad -RRB- . There detail is not good the charecters dont even look as good as soilder of fortune 2 . The controls -LRB- are bad -RRB- , can cant adjust the mouse sensitivity . The guns are weak . The only cool things about the game are that it has a big levels , and you can fly in the black hawks shooting the gatling gun . Other than that the game is poor and if you want a good game save it for counter strike condition zero .
 This game is notjust a shooting delta force game . It portrays real men who were there and it is a complete dishonor to them . Also this is different from medal of honor . the troops that landed on Normandy numbered in the the hundreds of thousands while the troops in Somalia numbered far fewer . The delta and Rangers numbered in the hundreds and when you are in a chalk of 10 guys yyou could be portraying one of the men who died . This is DISGRACE and DISHONOR to the men who were there .
 So disappointed to discover this game and all it 's retro treasures are not functioning for the XBOX 360 and there is no backwards compatible update to make it so . This information is not made clear in the description , so buyer beware !
 As another reviewer correctly pointed out this will not work on an xbox360 . The information on this item needs an immediate update which i will see that it gets to prevent others from mistakenly purchasing this game for a system it wont work on at all . Very , very disappointing .
 i should of read other reviews ... dont work on xbox 360 like is says ... was a total waste of my money ... it was a terrible investment . they should give refunds .
 I just got the `` Xbox 360 '' and I did n't know that many `` Xbox '' games do n't play on the `` Xbox 360 '' . Well this is one of them . Now I know for the future that when buying `` Xbox '' games to read all the one star reviews to make sure they can play on `` Xbox 360 '' first . I have most of these games on Playstation 2 . Now I know to hold onto my Playstation 2 for all of these old games .
 When searching for this game on Amazon I was looking for a game that was could be played on the 360 . In the description of this game is stated in could and therefore I purchaced it.Well that was incorrect and now I own a worthless game . Guess I should have googled the question first .
 What is that saying - somebody 's treasure is somebody else 's trash ? I can see how some people would treasure this ; they have probably played it 3 decades ago -LRB- or however long -RRB- and they have good memories of it - now they have fun all over again . God knows that I still treasure certain really bad games , and even worse movies , that I used to love as a kid ... Even though I now realize how utterly lame they were , it does n't stop or diminish my enjoyment one bit . Having that said , I have n't played these games back in the day ; I have never seen them before . I loved Atari 's old arcade games -LRB- River Raid , Submarine , Space Riders , Frostbite , Pac-Man , a hundred others -RRB- and I assumed these would be similar . But these are way simpler , more unsophisticated , probably a lot older than my Atari faves , which look very modern and high-tech in comparison . If you must know , it did n't take long for this game to wind up in my garbage basket . I tossed it with no guilt -LRB- I 'd only have felt guilty if I had passed it along to another poor soul -RRB- . My advice is this
 after having all of the new gameboys out it 's so much more advanced ... i just got the gameboy DS which has a double screen and you can join players up to 4 players all together without any wires!you can also e-mail people within 300 ft. apart , and by the way you are taking this information from a girl ... u would n't expect it
 As someone who has playtested this , I can safely say thatthis game in the state that its currently in , will not be complete for potential players to invest in this by its rlease date . It can barely handle 16 players at any particular site.The game content is boring and and the objectives pretty shallow.Why invest in a timecard for a game that is really a big chatroom when there are online places to chat for free ?
 I was really looking forward to this game , until I found out theres a monthly fee . First you have to buy the game THEN pay money every month just so you can role-play in a chat room . Ha ! I think not !
 here 's the business plan for sims online in a nutshell
 I 've played The Sims Online for over a year now . It gets worse and worse all the time . The only reason I keep it is because I have one friend that I can only get in contact with through the game . There is too much drama , people take it way too seriously . And `` mafia '' families are everywhere trying to con everyone out of simoleons or ruin reputations of innocent sims . I would not recommend this game to anyone !!
 Please hold off on purchasing this.The games release is not far off and having play tested it , I can guarantee , it will still be quite buggy and in need of many many patches after it goes live . You certainly should n't invest in 3 months of playtime until you know the game will be stable enough for you to get through .
 I buy games not only escapism but for the challenge.This should n't even be marketed as a game , if they have nointentions of completing it . This is nothing but a chatroom with some inside gameplay thrown in so that it can be called a game.This game is boring , what little gameplay it has is shallowand the majority of players are rude and obnoxious.I thought when people get older they grow beyond having cliquish-highschoolish behavior and engaging in bathroom humor . Apparently I was wrong because there are a great deal of adults apparently living the life they never had in highschool , online.This game lacks everything that made The Sims fun and needless to say I truly regret not listening to those who warned me not to buy it .
 ill give it two stars just because the game is okay . why put it online ? all you basically get to do is talk to other people in a chatroom while playing . sure there 's other perks , but The Sims is so extremely diverse now with 5 expansion packs , you dont really need to play it online . Much worse , have to pay ... to play it for 3 months . wouldnt you think that charging ... for a game would entitle you to playing it online for free ? im just thankful that other online games havent done this yet . -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- You can waste a good 7 hours playing the sims and not even notice it . Now Maxis is trying to capitalize on this and take advantage of all of us . It 's a great game mind you . But i dont want to be charged to play it after i already bought the game . I hardly think that paying all that extra money is worth the few perks the online edition gives.but hey , that 's just me .
 The person who said that this is a chat room masquerading as a game is right on . The emphasis is on popularity -- there are lists of 100 most popular sites , etc. . Many of the features of TheSims are not there . Goal seems to be to set up your own business . Those who like chat rooms will perhaps like it . Those who like a family/relationships game may not . The user interface is also not very good . And , frankly , I think the graphics are POOR . I played it from a 2400 mhz machine and it was so slow to construct anything it was frustrating . Everything is on their servers , which also is irritating . One ca n't work on anything in the game offline . Online the action goes on ; there is no way to pause to just go to the bathroom , or find and read instructions . It appears defaults are set so that there is no privacy -- people automatically enter your home as though it were a business unless you specifically set up things otherwise . Perhaps some will like defaults being different from TheSims , but I found that everywhere there were differences , I preferred TheSims . It was almost as though whoever designed this game did n't like TheSims . If that was Will Wright , we are lost : - -LRB-
 This is a game for people who do n't like gaming.Anybody who thinks this is an actual online extension of the original Sims will end up disappointed.There is no real Sims World , no dowtown areas to walk around in.You ca n't even walk in the neighborhood your house is located at.This is nothing but a boring , tasteless chatroom thats extremely shallow and uncreative . I 'd rather donate the monthly fee to charity because there are plenty of places to chat for free.I was hoping for an actual game with challenges that balanced with the social aspect.This is nothing but a pointless giant chatroom where roleplay consists of people making fools of themselves .
 Yep , thats right ... The Sims online is not free to play online . Thank goodness i had n't purchased it yet because the idea sounded awesome and i love online games . but not when i have to pay to play online . Hopefully the other companies wo n't try and capatilize on this idea because that will ruin any fun we have left playing games .
 If you 're a chat addict and wish to experience chat in an animated way , then this game is for you . If you 're expecting a game as fun and as creative and as exciting as the offline version , then The Sims Online is not for you.This is basically an incomplete game wrapped around a pretty chat interface . They released it far too early and have only begun to really start adding game content the last month and a half.The strict limits and rules discourage any sort of creativity.Its definitely not worth it . The game will not only bore you ... , it will stress you out . ...
 I just unsubscribed from this monstrosity of a game so I can honestly say that in its current unfinished state , it is not worth the monthly fee . The game play is extremely boring to the point where you either fall asleep in your chair or leave to complete other tasks while your Sim works on a skill.The object of the game is to strive to get on the Top lists and become either the most popular or wealthiest.The strict limits and lack of game content does n't make those objectives easy to accomplish and diminishes what little fun the game has . All I did when I played was try to build my sims skills up , chat , and watch some players engage in extremely weird and often crude behavior toward other players.Everything that made the original Sims fun and exciting is non existent here . Perhaps if this game had not been rushed , it would have been more fun to play and there would be more to do than just skilling centers , dance clubs , etc because currently you 're better off with the offline version as there is more to do and especially since they 're taking way too long adding new content in this game .
 The game itself is a remarkable accomplishment in itself . However , there are a few things you should know before investing your time and efforts.Parents should be aware that there is alot of gang symbolism involved in the communites these days . Part of building up your character includes obtaining special actions when you choose to make a new friend . If someone decides to make you an enemy , you lose these special actions and friendship links . The bad players that join these gangs do so for the sole purpose of making enemies to rob people of their special actions . Maxis and EA has lost all control of this and people are leaving the game rapidly . If you unknowingly move into a neighborhood these people do n't like , you can be hit to the point of losing all of your friendships.The other drawback is that in order to be a popular property you have to keep visitors coming in and staying . If you work hard enough you can be a top property . However , several of the players -LRB- mostly the online gangs -RRB- buy several accounts and keep non-roommate characters at their properties constantly . If you want to pay for four or five accounts and do this , you have a chance of achieving this game goal . Unfortunately , an honest player will never have a chance to make most of the game goals.Aside from this , the actual technology behind the game is short of amazing . There are some graphic and system glitches , but nothing major .
 LEGO Creator is a very early attempt at making a LEGO Harry Potter game , but sadly , this one does n't succeed . As I understand it , you collect all of the chocolate frogs in an area to unlock new levels , and there is also some LEGO building and Quidditch excursions . This is a very open-world game , which would be fine except for the fact that the character walks so slow . The one thing I did like a lot about this game was the fact that you can control any living thing , from Hogwarts students to birds in the sky . The graphics are a little glitchy no matter what perspective though . Does the game still hold up today ? No , especially because there 's a superior , more recent LEGO Harry Potter out there , so this game simply is n't worth the money .
 Live 2000 was one of the best basketball games out there when it came out back in the day . 2001 was delayed for a long time and then when it finally arrived , it was extremely disappointing . 2002 was skipped completely for the PC and now its back for 2003 . The graphics are awesome , by far the best the series has ever seen . It is the gameplay that is the problem . First problem I had was the fact that you cant configure all of your controls . You can map a key for a certain offensive move , say to shoot , but then there is a corresponding defensive move that is automatically mapped to that key as well , that can not be changed w/o changing the offensive mapping . Basically you can only configure half of your controls and the rest you have to live with .2 nd main problem is the cameras . None of the cameras give a very good view of the whole floor during play and your perspective is always skewed in some fashion . Usually in the depth perception department .3 rd and most obvious is the ridiculous pace of the game . Its nothing but an all out dunkfest . Run off a few of the spin dribbles until you 're within 15 feet of the basket and your man will go airborne for the slam or the layup . Dont get me wrong , this is really fun ... for about 2 games . The true ballers will get bored very quickly and will be left yearning for some realism.They added coaches on the sidelines which was totally worthless and most of the cut scenes are pretty corny as well.The computer AI is much improved on the opposing teams as they now execute fast breaks , double teams etc. but your computer teammates refuse to play any defense besides occasionally sending a block all the way down to the other end of the floor . Emphasis on occasionally.The franchise mode is still relatively solid and the soundtrack is pretty tight but the frustration of having to learn the buttons that are configured for you and the lack of help from your computer teammates is all in all agonizingly frustrating.Im a big Live fan but my patience has all but run out . The focus of the game has unfortunately become focused on the `` bells and whistles '' . -LRB- anyone remember 3 team trades in Live2001 ? That worked real well didnt it ? At least they left it out this time -RRB- My opinion is do n't buy it . The graphics are pretty but the gameplay is high on frustration and low on fun and realism . Maybe once the price is down around -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- it 'll be worth it for some temporary entertainment , but even that may be pushing it a bit .
 Where to begin with this dismal attempt at a basketball game . It is possibly one of the most frustrating game I have ever played . Unless EA Sports addresses some serious gameplay issues with a patch , there is no point in buying this game.Here are some reasons as to why :1 . Unrealistic scores
 Travis Edward Hooker 's review is right on point . My biggest complaints so far -LRB- the game just arrived in today 's mail -RRB- are definitely the lack of camera angle options and the inability to fully customize the controls , as you could in previous versions . And unless I 'm missing something -LRB- certainly possible -RRB- , I 'm also annoyed that they seem to have gotten rid of the ability to sort lists of players by certain attributes -LRB- e.g. in descending order of quickness or three-point shooting ability -RRB- and there are also no pull-down menus , so you have to sort through teams by clicking one at a time.I think some of the complaints about unrealistic gameplay can be solved by tweaking player ratings , and by simply playing a more balanced game yourself . In other words , if you do nothing but go for dunks and chuck up threes , the other team will be able to run a lot more . If you run set offenses , you will get back on D better . As always , peep ... for roster patches , forums and much more . If you make the mistake of buying the game , this site may be able to help you regret your purchase a bit less.All in all , I think EA ought to sell the Live franchise as it stands now to Midway so it can be coupled with that garbage like NFL Blitz and MLB Slugfest . Then , go back to Live 2000 and try building again from there . This game has me seriously considering buying one of the game consoles just for Sega Sports games .
 the game is not realistic at all if you just like arcade action than this is your game but other then that if you are a serious balller this game is not for you when you score 100 to 150 points by half time then it is time to hang it up i love ea sports games but they took a step back with this one
 the graphics are fuzzy they need to create a career mode the rosters are rong people dont look like themself i rented nba live and nba 2k3 i love 2k3 you will regret deeply if you waist your money on this it stinks !!!!!!!!!!! im glad i did not waste my money on it the music is vvveeeerrryyy repeative it only has about 5 songs id rather watch grass grow than play this i hate it . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you happen to own one of the new ATI cards , the game wont work . So I gave it 1 star because EA sports should have fixed an issue like this before releasing a game.My system : Pentium 4 running Windows XP with an ATI 9700 PRO . It restarts the system every time I try to run the game.I am disappointed because the game we release only a couple of days ago , and the ATI cards have been in the market for more than 3 months already , and it just does n't run with it.I can not comment on anything game specific . I just wanted to warn people out there with new graphic cards .
 I bought this game with high expectations and was very disappointed . i was expecting a game that resembled real basketball in some way . Instead i got a game where you can average a triple-double rather easily and lead the league in almost every category.NBA Live is not a very accurate portrayal of the real NBA , instead it 's just a dunkfest where the ratings are some-what irrelevant -LRB- not to mention very unaccurate -RRB- . The game requires almost no skill , the first time i played it i won by 25 points and i was the magic and playing against the celtics.Another problem with the game is that good players almost never miss and bad players miss way too little . Instead of shooting around the 40-50 % range like in real life , paul pierce can shoot 70 % from the 3 point arc . Even though certain people can drain every shot , the computer can block every shot for you . You really do n't need to switch to on-ball defender to play good defense , instead you can let the computer accumlate 3 or 4 blocks on the same play and maybe get a steal . Then all you do is pass it to the wing man , make a move or another pass , and you 've got an easy dunk.This game is very unaccurate when the user is on offense as well.There are games that i 've played where every time down the floor i 'll post up Kevin Garnett and backdown the defender til ' we 're under the basket and i 'll dunk on him . The only defense the computer has to this is the random steal out of nowhere.The Franchise mode in this game is very weak . My friend enjoys this arcadish and unrealistic feel and he played a whole season with the Timberwolves franchise and he ended up 74-8 while Kevin Garnett average 45 points , 19 rebounds , 12 blocks , 8 assists , and 4 steals per game . Even worse , he did not improve his rating even one point . Needless to say , after that my friend stopped playing franchises and now only plays seasons.Overall , this is the only basketball game available for PC , but it does not deserve to be as popular as it is . The graphics are reasonable , but the rest of the game is complete trash , gameplay is somewhat rough and the moves are n't linked together very well.It gets repetitive and boring with the same dunk animations and is very unrealistic , way too arcade stylish . I would not recommend wasting your money on this game unless you enjoy arcade games where winning is very easy
 I could not believe that EA did not add a save function that allowed users to save during a game . Unless you intend on playing an entire game , everything will be lost . After realizing this , I returned the product for a full refund ?
 I can not believe that this game is so awful , even after EA Sports decided to scrap the 2002 version . I had been a huge fan of EA Sports games because of their `` close to reality '' gameplay . Live 2003 is nothing but another version of NBA 2K3 ... the king of arcade games . I enjoy the fun aspect of the game , but not to where FG % is over 80 % constantly . The AI is so awful and you ca n't adjust it like in Madden 2003 -LRB- ca n't the developers share some secrets ? -RRB- . The graphics is awesome , the soundtrack is platinum-quality . But too bad I ca n't even play 8-minute quarter without scoring less than 100 points and shooting over 80 % . RIDICULOUS !!
 A big snooker player , but this game really shows how a virtual reality game should not be . Lousy graphics and slow an bad gameplay . Do n't buy it . I wonder if the first version is better -LRB- because the price is higher ... . I sure hope so for jimmy -RRB-
 I really wanted this game to work . It was very difficult to get the thing to work like I know pool shots work in the real world . The most basic straight and simple rail shots seem to go anywhere but into the pocket . The rudimentary pixel fracturing makes it very difficult to know where the stick is aimed . The division of controls thruout the game were adequate , as were the options necessary to supposedly control the cue ball . After many hours of trying to get just the basics I gave up in frustration . -LRB- secondarily the music selection is limited to a few constantly repeated looping themes that rapidly become quite annoying . -RRB- It 's hard to believe , but even at ten dollars this game is not worth it , which is too bad , I really wanted it to work . The designers almost got it , but the mechanics of a pool table which are in reality somewhat complex seem just out of reach and beyond this games ability . Perhaps if they had n't wasted power and space with a bunch of unnecessary add ons , like darts , checkers , and bad music with posh pool hall ambience . This game is like a Trabant done up in cheesy silver spray paint that is supposed to look like chrome.Sorry Jimmy , better luck next time .
 Jimmy White 's Cue Ball 2 is a total disaster that will only put you through pain and suffering if you play this atrocious and execrable abomination . There is no fun , only garbage to be salvaged from this game.WHAT THE GAME IS
 This game is not fun it is a bad game that uses hooked on phonics . Do n't by this evil , horrid game . Please I beg of you do not . Only bum bum heads buy games like this .
 this game is soo bad !! is such a sveenya game and it like the doom games and stuff and Q3 TISVEENYA and and such a bad game , rouge spear is soo much better then this stuff . the guns r so UNREAListic . so bad donjt waste ur money , even if it cost like 1 $ BOTTOM LINE
 This is q3a all over again . Once again we have a 3d shooter with good graphics but it just moves too fast . I ca n't keep up with anything in this game . I hate it . There is too much work for it to be fun .
 Ok game . Tribes to is better . I was playing this game and i took out a gun and it was such a bootleg tribes 2 i had to pause the came yjust to pee . And dont play multiplayer 2 much lag
 I did n't much enjoy this game , though I must admit that the graphics were TERRIFIC ! I suppose this is a great game if you you 're into -LRB- as the young man at the game shop put it -RRB- `` Button Mashers '' ... A button masher , it seems , is a game in which the primary goal is to mash the attack button before the enemy hits you over the head with a mallet -LRB- or some other unfriendliness -RRB- . The crux of the game is that you 're one of the heros outlined in the opening credits . Each has a different weapon that they use in a different way from the next -LRB- Et cetera , et cetera . Yadda yadda ... -RRB- . You have to win a series of battles -LRB- that are a bit confusing to begin with -RRB- and claim various prizes ... Now on to how to play the game - -LRB- much like the title of this review -RRB- `` Run around , whack buttons , repeat until you are dead or victorious '' . Taa Daa , you 've just mastered Dynasty Warriors 2 ; Congrats . The only real strategy I 've been able to discern from watching 3 people -LRB- aside from myself -RRB- play the game is `` do n't get hit '' . Sorry to have been less than overjoyed with the gameplay , but I 've seen really good games and I 've seen really bad games -LRB- I own 116 PS1 games and 16 PS2 games ... -RRB- and this one is simply too close to marginal to get all hot and bothered about . Rent it before you buy it . If you ca n't stand the idea of returning it to the rental store , buy your own . -LRB- On the up side , I 'd give it 2.5 stars if that were an option -RRB-
 This game has some nice graphics and it boasts 30 on screen characters at one time with no slow down . Sounds good , but this game is way to repetitive . By the second level , I could n't take it anymore . Save your money and rent this one first .
 You walk around , plowing through enemies with your weapon of choice while a hundred other on screen characters run around like chickens without heads or just stand there like zombies . The landscapes are boring and the infamous ` fog ' that wo n't let you view past a certain point is thick . Hack , cut , heeyah , repeat . Hack cut , heeyah , repeat . Fun ? No , boring .
 I 'll give this game a star for it 's production values , but everything else comes up very short.First it plays like double dragon , but with less interaction , you ca n't really pick up new weapons -LRB- besides the long range ones -RRB- and your selection of attacks is very small.The A.I. of your enemies and comrades is pitiful , soldiers often stand around with very little agressive behavior , and bosses can be cheap . Think Luigi in Mario Kart -LRB- kudos to those that get it -RRB- And if you want replay value , look elsewhere , this game has five stages , and though the difficulty shoots up quickly , that 's simply a cheap tactic to stretch the game out.This is a game to rent when you want to impress non serious gameplayers with graphics , or when you 're home sick with a cold and need a brainless diversion . Because put simply , the fun lasts for maybe an hour .
 I rushed out and rented this game after reading the reviews on this site . Anxious to try a game compared to the likes of `` Kessen '' by the same company , I have to say that I am pretty disappointed.But this game seems like it was cloned from the PS1 version in a big hurry to get to market . The graphics look very super-imposed on their background , and the fighting is very unrealistic , in the sense that you can just jump into a crowd of people and start swinging away -- including not even harming your own teammates . -LRB- Can we have a tiny bit of realism here ? -RRB- The character auto-animation is odd ... characters just take random lobs at each other instead of actually fighting . Finally , there are very limited moves to choose from.If you must have this game , please rent it first .
 The first few times I played the game , I really enjoyed it . However , after completing the 5 levels twice , I am completely sick of it . Another five to ten levels that could be unlocked by completing the game would have made all the difference.Good concept and great graphics , but only about 3-4 hours -LRB- tops -RRB- of gameplay and no multiplayer really kill this one . Do n't buy it new , as I suspect there will be plenty of used copies of it out there .
 I was so disappointed when I put this game in and started playing it . This game is for 95/98 windows and it is at least 5 to 6 years old . On the CD it has 2000 , so what does that say . When the game comes on the screen it is only 8 x 6 inches and that is on a 17 inch monitor . If it is on a smaller monitor it might even be smaller then that . When you play the game it is only half of that because you have all the games around it plus all the other buttons on the left . The rules on some of the games do n't make sense . I had games like this and I through them away .
 The game has decent graphics . Destroying building with your flying saucer is fun at first but gets tedious . The `` stealth '' based missions are frustrating . With no mission save points if you make a mistake , then you may find yourself forced to start the mission over.The hardest flaw in the game for me to get over is the blatant pushing of liberal politics . It takes cheap shots at President George W. Bush with sayings like `` I should have joined the Texas Air National Guard . Now that would be some easy duty . '' Both Nixon and Sen. Joe McCarthy are mocked . Communism is treated like an imaginary threat or a conspiracy theory . When you scan the brains of many pedistrian NPCs , they have homosexual thoughts . Who thinks that is fun ? Who is the target audience here?The developer is located in Australia . I think they have a flawed image of the United States of America . They certainly have little idea what is fun .
 To start , my consol is the PS3 80GIG that plays PS2 games . Maybe a true PS2 consol would allow game saves part way into a mission ... BUT , on my PS3 consol , such is not the case . You can be an inch away from completing a mission and get jumped by a dozen men-in-black types only to die and HAVE TO RESTART the mission FROM THE VERY BEGINING ... very frustrating . The verbal dialog in the game is entertaining but paused as if the voice overs were being read for the first time . The game starts out being rather ammusing but loses its charm after only a couple missions . A number of missions require you to disguise your alien to look human but if a man in black gets too close , your cover is blown ... and guess what ... . there can be dozens of these men in black running all over as if they were Walmart clerks ... in ... WALMART . I am lucky that I only dished out 8 bucks for a used title . My compliments to the vendor ... the game arrived scratch free and completely usable .
 After this game drop in price , I decided it was about time to buy it . Big mistake . At first , the game seems very fun and interesting . You 're an alien sent to Earth to ... you guessed it , destroy humans . During the killing , you `` harvest '' DNA , which you can trade in for up-grades on your personal abilities , weapons , and flying saucer . However , these up-grades do n't translate into new , different weapons . They just mean more powerful existing weapons , which is kinda lame . And at first , these up-grades are inexpensive and easy to come-by . Then the up-grades become expensive and taxing on your DNA budget . So you have to do tedious , mundane harvesting to get these up-grades , which in upper levels are almost needed to destroy enemies and accomplish your objectives . And while we 're talking about enemies , the ones in this game NEVER STOP COMING . Apparently , the government is involved in some cloning because the just keep coming , over , and over , and over , and over , and you see where I 'm going with this . The game is entertaining , it just does n't last that long . Fighting battles in your saucer is also difficult due to this . Rocket launchers and anti-aircraft installments just keep on coming back too , pounding the living crap outta you . And health and ammo recharges are n't the easiest things to come by . The sandbox setup -LRB- you can run around and do whatever -RRB- is kinda nice , but with so few weapons -LRB- 4 -RRB- and mental abilities -LRB- 4 -RRB- things get boring very quickly . I would n't recommend buying it , or renting it for that matter , but if your curiosity overwhelms you like mine did , rent it .
 This game is basically Otto Matic in reverse ! Want to blast aliens ? Play Otto Matic!Seriously , this game is an Otto Matic ripoff . Pangea should sue !
 I hadnt realised that the American version of this game would not work on a UK console . My 14 year old newphew is very disappointed that he cant play the very popular game . Any advice on how to make it work apart from going to America would be appreciated .
 I rented this and ended up just watching and not playing . The controls for this game are ALL backwards - press forward to see backward , etc. . Which is kind of the reason I threw the remote in frusteration . It was n't entertaining me enough to warrant my attention . Picking up and throwing cows to start with ? That is beyond stupid ! Was n't the name `` Destroy all HUMANS ? '' Whatever.When you 're not being dizzy , you DO get to do some fun things in the perky 50 's era world . Throwing humans , reading their minds , occasionally hypnotizing them , zapping them . Be ready for the flame gun . Much time is spent extracting brain stems as well as going on missions . That 's where it reminds me a bit of Grand Theft Auto 3 and Vice ... Chase people to find others , turn into a human and read thoughts to stay human - it runs out fast ! Fly onto houses and buildings to cool down your wanted radar ... Just be careful you do n't take your eyes off your health and get trapped . Dead , it 's a cover-up , and you have to start ALL the way from the beginnning of the level . Not hard , but annoying . Also the aliens are beyond ugly grey/green little monsters , so you 're always being screamed at and shot at . Better than the latest GTA , but killer camera and a lot of stupidity . Perfect for younger males and the little rampaging boy at heart.Me ? I 'm waiting for Jaws .
 I found this game to be boring and the graphics were not the best . If you like little green men , go for it .
 i 'll make it short . the gamespot reviewer said destroy all humans was n't good for its gameplay , and he was right . the idea of say , abducting someone and sucking out their brain is really cool , but in execution , it 's just boring . the game does have a great sense of humor though .
 Delivered with outside plastic case broken -LRB- this is the first time for me to see something delivered damaged and delivered for a stuff bought from Amazon -RRB- . Fortunately DVD software inside was O.K.
 I 've played twice now , and both times it was `` okay '' fun -- not great , not awful -LRB- I ca n't imagine playing it time after time after time like the Genus editions -RRB- . I also ca n't imagine ever playing a `` long '' game , as a short game takes enough time -- since no one knows hardly any of the answers -LRB- most of the questions are quite obscure -RRB- . I do n't know what 's up with the plastic-box card holder thing . It 's not big enough to hold an entire row of cards , so you 're always changing them , and it 's not designed well either , so the cards do n't sit in it nicely . The only really cool thing are the four pieces -LRB- Bugs , Batman , Scooby , and I forget ! -RRB- and how the colored pies actually `` lock '' into place .
 Normally , the specialized versions of Trivial Pursuit have been quite fun , but this version is the one and only dissapointment I have ever had from this line of otherwise fun games . The difficulty of the questions is the main obstacle ; my friends and I -LRB- all 20-somethings -RRB- had never heard of most of the movies and TV shows in this game , and we thought we were real Loonie Tunes and Cartoon Network buffs . Why could n't the game have stuck to it 's advertising
 This game is for Warner Bros. enthusiasts ONLY ! Very obscure questions , very few an 8-29-year-old could answer .
 Well , perhaps I should have predicted this , but the questions are just impossible . I thought I -LRB- and the friend I bought this for -RRB- were true Warner Bros. cartoon buffs , but this was rediculous . Admittedly , we did not try the supposedly easier kiddie-cards . The image of Bugs is plastered all over the game , but we encountered maybe 2 questions about him and maybe 3 other Loony Tunes questions over the course of 3 hours . Many questions seemed to promote obscure shows on TV now -LRB- things you did n't even know were afiliated with Warner Bros. -RRB- , perhaps to remind you that you should watch them . We were able to make the game hilariously fun , though , by having the question-reader -LRB- 1 -RRB- determine what was the best color to try to answer , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- employ whatever means possible to get the person to answer correctly - it was more like playing Taboo . I 'm sure some people would enjoy and do well at this game , but BE WARNED !
 They used the old bait and switch tactic on me . I 'll give them the benefit of the doubt ; apparently they the company -LRB- do n't even remember the name , photoelectric or something -RRB- had ran out of this product , yet continued to take orders for them . They offered a refund , or I could wait and receive the cables when they arrived into inventory . I week later I received some non-penguin united brand cables in the mail . They work , and my LN46A950 says that they are displaying in progressive scan . I 'm not sure if the actual ones I was trying to order were better or not , so I chose not to complain . Still the ones I received are not gold plated or magnetically insulated . Whatever .
 The DVD remote in this package -LRB- manufactured by Pelican -RRB- is defective by design . It only works if you are sitting 4 feet or closer to your XBOX 360 . I am certain that this is because of the cheapness of the product but why would Pelican even bother selling a DVD remote at all if the user must stand so close to their XBOX 360 that they could actually push the buttons on the console instead ? This kind of defeats the whole purpose of a `` remote control '' in my opinion . I contacted Pelican to see if they would give me a better product , however , their customer response was completely unsatisfying . Basically , Pelican customer service told me to pay to ship it back to them and include $ 4 to cover the cost of return shipping - then they would send me another of the exact same remote . Do n't buy this !!!
 I just picked up this game , got it with Warlords 4 for free . After installing it , I realized why it came free - the game sucks ! It seems to be an improved version of WBC1 , but they left one thing out - a story . In WBC2 , The goal of the game is to take over the world . That 's it . You 're shown a map , and asked which territory you want to take over . No real purpose to it , except mindless slaughter . I 'm sure glad I did n't waste 40 bucks on money on this game . If you live for multiplayer , this might be a good choice , but for those of us that would rather play a single player game , do n't waste your money .
 because of a SERIOUS BUG in the second mission . Here goes , I 'm in the installation that I am trying to save from demo , killed almost everyone , but one demolitionist with and AK-47 trying to escape , I 've tried over 20 times to kill this guy , single shot , tri-shot , full auto machine gun , sniper , heck even a grenade launched at him and hitting him in his HEAD , and he will NOT DIE !!! I have grown weary with chasing him unloading ALL of my clips into him . I have also grown weary with the freeze-ups , the reboots of my comp , the idiocy of platoon mates , the ace markmanship of the bad-guys on recruit level , the horrid marksmanship of my guys on recruit . Save your money this game needs some serious debugging
 If you like bugs , glitches and spending your time reading tech forums at UBI , buy this game , and the original Ghost Recon . Some people have no problems , but many do . Unfortuantely I am one of them . I have a Pentium III 1.1 GHZ 256 mb ram and windows MEwith a GeForce 2 MX 400 64 mb vid card , and I experience a bunch of bugs , even after patching . Personally , I think this game needed a few more months in development . If you enjoy Operation Flashpoint , RTCW , Medal of Honor , DONT buy this game or the original . The graphics are a notch above Delta Force 2 , and for some unknown reason the developers decide not to show your characters hands or weapon in your view . So basically , you have a little reticule to aim around and you have to imagine or guess where you are standing . LAME . Realistic ? I dont think so ... last time I checked , I could see my own hands in real life ... save your hard earned duckets for a real game ...
 If you like bugs , glitches and spending your time reading tech forums at UBI , buy this game , and the original Ghost Recon . Some people have no problems , but many do . Unfortuantely I am one of them . I have a Pentium III 1.1 GHZ 256 mb ram and windows MEwith a GeForce 2 MX 400 64 mb vid card , and I experience a bunch of bugs , even after patching . Personally , I think this game needed a few more months in development . If you enjoy Operation Flashpoint , RTCW , Medal of Honor , DONT buy this game or the original . The graphics are a notch above Delta Force 2 , and for some unknown reason the developers decide not to show your characters hands or weapon in your view . So basically , you have a little reticule to aim around and you have to imagine or guess where you are standing . -LSB- bad -RSB- . Realistic ? I dont think so ... last time I checked , I could see my own hands in real life ... save your hard earned duckets for a real game ...
 This was a very interesting game , requiring a joystick . I wanted to play it , but it kept freezing up on my year 2000 PC with much more than the stated system requirements , video cards , etc. . Lucas Arts said I should try downloading some video patches that do not exist anymore -LRB- remember , my computer is years -LRB- ? -RRB- beyond this product -RRB- , but they warned me the patches could crash my computer . Gee , thanks for wasting my money .
 I played this game a couple times and I think it 's not worthbuying for -LSB- the price -RSB- ! The controling is horrible ! Although the graphics are great , I think LucasArts could have worked harder on this game !
 This was a very interesting game , requiring a joystick . I wanted to play it , but it kept freezing up on my year 2000 PC with much more than the stated system requirements , video cards , etc. . Lucas Arts said I should try downloading some video patches that do not exist anymore -LRB- remember , my computer is years -LRB- ? -RRB- beyond this product -RRB- , but they warned me the patches could crash my computer . Gee , thanks for wasting my money .
 I though this game was n't very good . The music is terrible -LRB- Icould go to an opera for better -RRB- and it 's not realistic . If you go at those speed things react differently than in the game . It seems like you 're going 60 when you 're going 200 .
 This game will NOT work in Vista or 7 and you may and that is a MAY get it to work in XP . Windows 98 it will . So if you have a new fast start of the art computer your out of luck with this game . Their is NO patch or fix for it @ this time . This is pr Lucas Arts tech support . So for Vista and up your only going to get a cool box =-LRB- .
 This game is nothing like any of the previous worms games . It was simply a big dissapointment and not worth the money .
 This is not really a game . You do n't have a goal you 're trying to achieving and you 're definitely not tryng to break any records . You 're supposed to groove to the music that you and the electroplanktons are making together . I bought this because I thought I could make interesting music with it while I 'm away from my piano but ... it 's much more simplistic and in my opnion , it 's for people who do n't have any musical background at all . I found it un-fun and actually frustrating because it seems I 'm just peicing pre-programmed sound bytes together and not really creating anything truly my own . Alas ! Oh but the graphics ARE SUPER CUTE .
 This is just a quick initial review ... Save your money if you are looking at buying the PC version.I bought the PC version of this game which is usually far superior to the Playstation versions ... The game looks like it has potential but the graphics are skippy and the gameplay is hard to control . I have all the recommended hardware to run this game but I guess it is not enough because it is n't very much fun to play ... Hopefully the Playstation II verstion will be better , stay clear of the PC version .
 ... poor job on this game . With circus noises when scoring goals and winning face off ` s , this game certainly does not deserve a good rating . Along with it ` s slow shooting and passing reaction time , EA totally gets a one thumbs down . The only reason I gave it a 2 is because of the graphics , were real good.I have n`t seen the console versions but I ` m sure there just as poor .
 I was tempted to get this game when it first came out . But I decided I was going to wait until March/April , when the price drops . But , low and behold , I received it as a b-day gift . I was n't even going to try it out.But curiosity got the best of me , and I CAREFULLY peeled back the tape and installed the game . The gameplay and graphics are just like , if not EXACTLY , NHL 2001 . Even the players faces , when they score goals or get penalties , are still the same ones from NHL 2000 . The cards seemd too confusing to figure out . The one thing that I did like was the new pictures of the arenas . I do n't understand why some of the players that have been in the league since the start of the ' 00-01 season still have no `` faces '' . They still have created player or rookie faces . After my dismay of the game , I put the game back in the box and took it back the next day . Not worth the $ $ $ , IF you have NHL 2001 . If you 're new to the NHL series , then this is a good game to get . The announcer is VERY annoying , by the way .
 NHL 2002 has proved to be the most disappointing title of this decade-long franchise . Here 's my take on it : Pros : * Recent rosters * Improved puck handling , includes lobbing the puck over the opponents ' sticks * The ability to gain -LRB- or lose -RRB- control of the puck without the necessity to knock the opponent of his feetCons : * Breakaway camera - basically a first-person slow motion mode - is very distracting and hard to handle * Instant replay tends to stop the game in mid play , which usualy confuses the player * Changing coaching strategies has no effect on your team 's strategy * Your team members -LRB- those you do n't control at the moment -RRB- have the uncanny ability to position themselves behind the opponent 's goal or direcly behind the opponent 's player * The player cards system is lacking justification , due to the fact that 90 % of cards you will never use , and those are cumbersome to trade awayMy recommendation
 This game does not work on all systems . I was lucky to buy it at a store that let me return the package opened.I have a Windows 2000 system , which this game is supposed to support . And I am a computer guy . I tried EVERYTHING to get this game working , and still still still it froze up before I ever got to play a game . What a shame ! I tried updating all drivers , updating directX ... deleting registry entries , EVERYTHING ! Be careful with this one ...
 I ca n't believe that EA changed their great NHL 2001 into what is now NHL 2002 . No matter how much people deny it , hockey is a defensive sport , and no , that does n't mean full of checking . Electronic Arts is placing the emphasis on the completely wrong side of the game . They make the shooters much better than the goalies because they think that the people who buy the game want hockey games with scores like 15-13 . That is not a hockey game , that 's not even baseball.Checking is made out to be a form of physical punishment toward another player in the game . This is completely untrue and will most likely turn off many of the true hockey fans from this game . A check is any physical contact made in an attempt to knock an opponent off the puck , not to punish another player . It glorifies the big hits way too much and , by default , is set to replay a big hit DURING GAMEPLAY !!! Do you know how annoying that is?The only plus that I found was the level of the graphics . They are better than NHL 2001 , but not by much . The graphics are the only thing that saved this from a 1-star rating from me .
 I got an Pentium IV 1,5 , an Nvidia3 Graphic card , 398 MB RAM , and the only thing that I see is that the console of the game appears in any mission that I tried to play . I installed the game 5 times allready , scan my hard disc and everything is the same.Maybe the game is good , but I 'm still waiting for ti to work . -LRB- I hope that a patch will be soon to fix it .
 5 of my friends and myself have bought this game ... it only works for 1 of them !!! THis game constantly crashes for my friend that it works for!WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!
 The game order through ... has arrived . However , it appears to be only the game `` Dune '' and not `` Medal of Honor Allied Assault '' . Since this was advertised as Medal of Honor Allied Assault I am at a loss to understand why it is a `` Dune '' game and not a World War II based game . Any reply may make it understandable about this mix-up . Or , at least to me , it seems to be a game not at all related to Medal of Honor Allied Assault . Please do reply as this is of major concern , and only after hearing back will I know what options are available to me . The shipping and delivery was really quick , however it does not appear to be what was advertised . Why would a `` Medal of Honor Allied Assault '' game be called `` Dune '' ? With all due repeat , I need to know this . ** This was an e-mail to the seller ... and there was no reply to my concern at all . So much for honesty on the net.Gary Combs
 This game has some good and some really bad elements . Graphics are very nice though Q3 engine is starting to show its age due to its inability to render huge exteriors -LRB- see Operation Flashpoint exteriors for reference -RRB- . Playability is average - ok in single player mission and highest in team multiplayer ... Deathmatch in Medal of Honor should not even exist . It requires no IQ - simply luck in good reflexes.Realism and originality is where this game misses its mark . First of all , the game is more or less a remake of the motion picture - Saving Private Ryan . Sure , everything looks nice and some of the graphical elements are revolutionary -LRB- e.g. explosions -RRB- but the predictable nature of the scenes and missions ruins the overall feeling as you can not compare this game with the movie . Secondly , hello -- there is no blood ! I guess that means more $ $ $ for the publisher since the violence rating is then lowered . That in itself is a major turn off . We are not talking here paint ball but actual WW2 combat . Something more on the violence scale of Saving Private Ryan would have been more appropriate and realistic . Third , the main character can carry at any time a small aresenal of weapons . Please ... Sniper rifle , Thompson sub-machinegun , and a bunch of stuff that you need a truck for ... All in all , if you are looking for a realistic 1st person combat game this ai n't it . It 's all pretty graphics like Return To Castle Wolfestein ... In my opinion , Operation Flashpoint is to date - the best 1st person military combat sim . Save your hard earned dollars for it .
 If you 're supposed to be some kind of secret agent why do you need to anihilate an enetire German army per level ? Maybe it 's just me , but my idea of a WWII James Bond is n't a guy that bursts into a heavily fortified German military base with a big bad ass machine gun massacrating everything in his path . This does n't make sense and it seems like some random kid designed the game.Avoid
 Let me tell you the truth people about this game . Some believe this is the best of all FPS game ever but its completely wrong . A lot of us who got this game are Delta Force players and a lot of us complain it have stupid AI from DF1 to DF4 , but the fact is , that Medal of Honor have actually nothing more to offer.Let me introduce you the AI of this game , you shoot a soldier in in very close to another and what happen - well actually nothing , because the other one simple did n't hear it . Maybe those fighting happen in AMsterdam where all of the soldiers wuz simple high ? I dont know . But what I mostly hate is that this game im comparision to DF have simple VERY strict way of plain - you ca n't just from Window you ca n't go anywhere except the areas where your mission should be done . And yeah looks like people from EA have forgot that a human ca n't simple accomodate 8 - 15 bullets - in Operation Flashpoint you can be simple shot by just ONE shot - like in REAL LIFE ... . You are at the airfield mission and have to shoot everything but you occasionally hit your jeep - no problem you not only got a factory of bullets with you , you also have bullet proof jeep . hat a shame.The good part is the graphic and the sound - it is very good and very funny sometimes - of course if you understand german.In all total this game is worser then Delta Force - any of them - and by VERY VERY far worser then Operation Flashpoint which I would HIGHLY recommend to all FPS gamers .
 I bought this game a few months ago and i was hopping for a great game but when i installed it it would want to connect to the internet -LRB- because i have a 56k -RRB- but i was playing Single Player and i could n't even get the Multiplayer to work at all .
 This game is to hard in spot 's . You just get killed right away . What fun is that ? Also there 's flaws in the graphics . I have a dell 1600 mgh with a 124 game card and it still wo n't play right . Stick with return to castle wolfenstein . That 's a five star game . I also have the expansion pack it 's as bad as the first one .
 One of the biggest dissapointments ever . I have been waiting for this game for ages and I was not impressed at all . I am still trying to figure out as to why do I have to spend half the time lost in a complete darkness ? There must be a reason for it , but I really can not see one . At one stage my eyesight was beginning to suffer as I would get completely lost trying to find a single trace of light to help me see where I am actually going . This can be very annoying , especially if it is 3am and you really want to pass that level . OK , there is a compass that you can use , but still ...
 While the single player demo shows how good this title can be , the multiplayer portion represents some of the most flawed online gaming I 've seen in a while . EA touts this title as being `` realistic '' but the MP aspect feels more like Quake 3 Arena with terrible weapon damage that in no way reflects WW2 combat . It did not take half a clip or more from a SMG/MG to take out the opposition nor could a soldier fire a rocket launcher at their feet and take minimal damage while wiping out everyone else in a small room , lol . The MG42 sound is not even close to correct while other weapon sounds are right on target . This title reflects EA ' $ track record of poor MP implementation in their sports titles and disregard to thier customer base for not allowing the true developer , 2015 , to finish the multiplayer code . Expect a slew of patches if they are serious about improving the currently poor netplay . If you want to play the best , BY FAR , WW2 FPS onlne then make sure you have a copy of Half Life , ...
 The game has some interesting missions nad features , but the final mission is nearly impossible to beat . I have read several walkthroughs and reviews and they all say the same . It is only by sheer luck that the final mission can be finished . It consists of planting bombs in a building and escaping before it blows up . Unfortunately , by the time you make it to the door , too many enemies are there to kill you . If you stop to shoot them , you die in the building explosions , if you run outside , the enemies simmply shoot you full of holes before you can board the train . ther were also several problems with freezeups and installation , overall a major disappointment in gaming
 Is it just me , or are there other silent gamers out there who are too afraid to voice their contempt toward politically correct heavily fantasized ww2 games ? I am sooo damn tired of being stuck with absolutely no choice in options as to which side i can play . You get to play our side , and thats final . If ya do n't wan na be the good ol' blank faced g.i. , charging machine gun nests and knocking out tiger tanks single handedly , then you 're a damn pro french commie who should be tarred and feathered.Just once , i would like to play a high profile game that lets ya play from the axis side . Just once i wan na be a grizzled wehrmacht , or ss grunt , digging his final trench , and fighting against hopeless odds . Maybe even man a lone computerized 88 mm gun against a wave of sherman tanks . I wan na kill some g.i. bots for a change ! Should i be shot for that ? Just thought it might be fun to play as some historical soldiers who were actually required to fight , not as dudes who left their artillery and their air power do the hard work.peace
 The game is great if you can get it to work . The success rate for that is horrific . It does not seem to mater what your system is based on - AMD , Intel , VIA , etc. . Your chances are about 50/50 . Six other folks I work with have purchased this game . Only 2 got it to work right out of the box . Two others got it to work with a lot of sweat and tears and then to find it fail later in the game -LRB- audio looping problems -RRB- . The remainder gave up and returned the game . I wish I would have done the same.Support for this game is slow in comming . EA hast left it to you to debug their software and find work arounds for the numerous problems . I advise two things :1 . log on to the MOHAA site and check out the user forums . It will give you a good idea of what you may face .2 . Do n't purchase this game until EA comes out with a major patch to resolve the problem.Good luck .
 this game hearkens back to Windows 95 - it really is sort of crude , especially after playing Call of Duty 2 . I 'm trying to find something of that caliber -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- but have not been successful .
 Yes , the graphics and sound are great . Yes , SOME of the level design is awsome -LRB- the first mission being the best -RRB- . But it gets bad fast . First the realism is REALLY lacking . Enemy soldiers take one bullet to kill while you can get shot as many times as you want as long as you get `` healing potions '' and `` first aid kits '' . Second , in the later levels the gameplay is reduced to playing though each section twice . Once to see the placement of each sniper , and the second to kill the now spoted sniper . This is nessisary because the Enemy can shoot you through trees , floors , doors , walls , you name it as soon as you show as much as a toe . While this might not seem bad it is because it takes ALL stealth away from these missions . No point sneaking around , the snipers will see you as SOON as you appear -LRB- sometimes sooner -RRB- . And the snipers NEVER miss unless you are close to them . Oh , and a word to the wise . NEVER break the sequence of the game , it will stop working . Example
 This game runs super slow and the graphics and gameplay fall well short of Castle Wolfenstein , which runs beautifully on my system . Hoping the actual game will run properly , because I 've always thought that the Medal of Honor series is pretty nice.Above is my original review after only playing the multiplayer demo ... After playing the single player demo , however , I must admit that my original assumptions were incorrect . Though I feel that the graphics still fall a little short of Wolfenstein , the more true-to-life style of gameplay more than makes up for it . Though not entirely realistic - i.e. being able to walk w/the scope enabled and carrying over 100 lbs of equipment/guns , but it 's still all good ... highly recommended .
 This is sadly one of the few games that I felt so bad about that I needed to write a review . My biggest complaint is that all shots by the enemy AI are predetermined whether they will hit you or not . This part of the game is beyond frustrating . Whenever you try to duck behind cover it does n't matter because once that bullet is launched its gon na hit you one way or the other . All evasive maneuvers are pointless . On top of this , if you stumble upon an enemy and blow him away , he falls back and stumbles as bullets hit him . Magically he can still fire , his gun is pointed straight at the ground , but you can watch the bullet fly out and still hit you , even if his back is to you . The enemy also always knows where you are unless there on patrol . Patrollers you can sneak up on and kill , however , everyone else is always pointing there gun at you . Its rather frustrating walking around a corner to find a fortress with everyone 's gun already pointed at you . The damage model is also horrendous . It always takes three shots to kill someone with a basic rifle and more with a pistol or submachine gun . The only headshot that actually kills someone is the sniper rifle . The enemies are also everywhere , you have to search every single corner of every single house , because there is always some random guy cowering in a corner just waiting for you to pass by . This is not unrealistic per say , it just that there are hundreds of them.The rest of the game is decent . It has good music and a good attempt to recreate Normandy , some of the levels are pretty fun . But compared to Call of Duty , which is more squad based with better weapons and realism , this game is a weak shooter .
 While this game is n't exactly worthless -LRB- it has very good graphics and a nice atmosphere -RRB- , it is WAY overrated . I had heard that this was a great game , so I was really excited when one of my friends let me borrow it . Once I started playing it , however , I quickly went from unimpressed to simply disappointed.This game is really just a run-of-the-mill first person shooter that happens to take place during WWII . You never actually feel like you 're in the middle of a war . Rather , you are running around on secret missions , blowing stuff up and fighting ridiculous numbers of enemies all by yourself , just like 007 in `` Nightfire '' -LRB- hey , another crummy title from EA games ! -RRB- There 's nothing really wrong with that , it 's just that the game is called `` Allied Assault '' not `` One-man Assault '' so you 'd think it would be more of a war game . You do get allies on occaision , but they are incredibly pathetic and stupid and always get themselves shot as soon as they can.Apart from allies that do n't help you , this game is filled with guns that do n't fire when you need them to . That gets kind of annoying , since it seems that you have to empty an entire clip into a bad guy to kill him . And yet another really annoying thing about this game
 If you want a World War II game where you are part of an army in an attack with tanks and vehicles to an enemy occupied village , or to be in the middle of a battlefield where two large armies meet , buy `` Call of Duty '' , not this game . This game is a terrible mix of Rambo with James Bond.If you have decided to buy Call of Duty , you do n't need to read the following . If you still have doubts , keep reading please , I 'll explain why I think this game is a bad mix of Rambo with 007 . In every mission and level , except one , you are sent to infiltrate German forts , laboratories , headquarters and places of the like . You go ALONE , except for a couple of levels where a soldier goes with you . That 'd be fine , you may think , but it 's not . Only in 2 levels you wear a German uniform and pass unnoticed . In the rest , you have to enter shooting like Rambo , plant bombs and steal documents , then run away with all the Germans chasing you , and when you exit the place , the bombs blow up and you can see the explosion behind you just like in a James Bond movie.That may sound fun , but it 's not . All these German forts/places have alarms , and if someone sees you the alarm will sound and hordes of Germans will appear 2 feet away from you . It 's frustrating , not fun . Instead of appreciating the environement , you will be sweating , and when you get killed or spotted , expect lots of hair pulling.It gets worse . In some of these missions a soldier/agent will go with you and you have to protect him . If he dies , you will fail the mission . It 'd be ok , but this agent always run into the Germans , does n't take cover , and does n't run away from gernades.You ca n't choose how to approach the target you 're given , or select what strategy to use ; Instead , you go from point A to point B -LRB- like going trough a tunnel , even in the so called `` Open spaces '' -RRB- all the way.You ca n't choose what weapon to use ; For example , if you have an american sub-machine gun and want to switch it for a German sub-machine gun -LRB- Which is a lot better -RRB- you ca n't . You get to ride in a jeep and in a tank . However , these rides are so staged that you 'll think you 're in a disney ride instead of WWII . Also , when you 're in the jeep , you ca n't duck to take cover , so you get killed every 2 minutes even on the `` Easy difficulty '' . Your allies are so stupid and weak that you can have 1 or 20 of them and it wo n't make a difference . They do n't use bazookas , throw grenades , or work cordinated . They just shoot to the nearest German , and if the Germans are far away , they 'll try to reach them , exposing themselves to enemy fire , and frustrating your attempts of saving them.This game is so UNREALISTIC . You ca n't go stealth and you ca n't sneak into the enemy forts/places . Thus , you have to enter shooting like Rambo and you end up killing 80 + germans per level ALONE . In this game you use the guns and not your head.You never , NEVER , enter Germany . What the game box says is a lie . All you do in the last mission is destroy a target in the border between France and Germany , not in the `` heart of nazi germany '' . If you 're reading this , thank you for reading my entire review . Again , if you want a good WWII first person shooter , buy Call of Duty . What you 'll say after finishing Allied Assault is not `` WOW ! look at that '' , is `` Mmm ... this is it ? '' .
 more emphasis was given on graphics.rather than action and adventure of the game .
 The games graphics are okay , though I do n't usually like this graphics engine , it seems jerky to me , and I know I have the system requirements to handle . I think it handles physics poorly , it seems like you go from running to standing in one frame of video . Too much of this gives me video whiplash.The game play is tough , but it 's straight linear action , and I found that dumb . When pinned down you ca n't move to flank , you can only crawl forward , so you wind up saving a lot . Plus enemies you ca n't see are nailing you , and some of that should go both ways . I ca n't see them , they ca n't see me.It 's basically like battling your way down a hallway . I think the best games in the war genre are battlefield 1942 -LRB- worse graphics but cool teamplay especially online -RRB- and ghost recon.If ubisoft would make a world war two expansion pack or full version game off the ghost recon engine , it would smoke this weak effort from EA .
 The game play is very linear . There is a specific ` script ' that has to be followed in order to successfully complete each mission . Any deviation from the script means failure.Even on the easiest level , some portions of the missions are very difficult to complete , if not near impossible . For example , getting through Omaha Beach took dozens of tries before I was successful . Getting up the beach through the machine gun fire was hard enough , but navigating the mine field was almost impossible . This made this part of the game very frustrating , and not very enjoyable for me . But because the missions must be completed in order , I could not move on to another mission until I successfully solved the current one.On some missions , you have other soldiers with you to help you complete the mission . But you can not give orders to those soldiers , -LRB- such as cover me , or guard my right flank -RRB- , they do what they ` want ' to do and are of limited usefulness . Occasionally , they even get in the way and are detrimental . Maybe that is why the game designers made ` friendly fire ' not harmful -LRB- I have not decided whether this is a good feature or a bad -RRB- . On the positive side , the graphics are excellent and the music really adds to the game .
 What a nightmare.This game is not for those who just want to load and play ! The game will crash on you and EA must know theres a problem because they even have a `` safe '' mode to use if you crashed once when signing on.I managed to get through basic training only to have the thing crash again when I went to start the first mission.I have a Pentium 3 Gateway with beefed up ram -LRB- custom added for gaming -RRB- and still have system crashes with this game , which has never happened before . The game looks very promising but I urge those of you who are undecided to wait until EA gets the bugs out of this nightmare before purchasing it .
 yes cyrus is right this game is nothing copared to call of duty wich if you have never played it is awsome you can play as a GI of as axis or as rushins or as british dang right . who cares about this game go and buy call of duty if you whant to have in WW2
 A fun game to play , but this game has so many bugs that makes it almost impossible to play . It can bring down Win 2000 server with no problem . Do a search on the game 's name and `` crash '' to see what I am talking about . I 've played many games , but this one is the one with biggest number of problems that I have ever seen .
 I had heard a lot of great things about this game before buying it so I was pretty excited to get to it . However , I quickly became disillusioned with the game . First , lets talk about the pros :1 -RRB- Decent graphics but nothing great .2 -RRB- Good sound .3 -RRB- Well written mission briefings and clear mission objectives .4 -RRB- Good variety in the missions . -LRB- This is the main reason I did n't quit before finishing -RRB- 5 -RRB- Mostly bug free.Ok , now the cons :1 -RRB- Mediocre AI . The fact that the AI was lacking caused the designers to use cheating to provide an effective challenge .2 -RRB- The Nazi 's cheat . Personally , I think cheating is just a clutch so I will never give a game good marks when they use it . Here 's an example
 To a point . Get tired of waltzing through town blasting germans after a while . If you 're going for realism , I say go all out and get Ghost Recon . If you 're going for muchos kills , I 'd go get Quake 3 . And if I wanted a multiplayer game , those two and Counterstrike still have this blown out of the water . Oh yeah , and Wolfinstein too , eh ? So take my advice and do n't waste your money on this one . Remember , Jedi Knight II comes out pretty soon . yeah baby yeah !
 I have been a MOH player on PS one since it came out and have loved each of the games . Since I do n't have the PS2 I got MOHAA for my PC . I have had nothing but problems since . I have spent at least 5-10 hours trying to troubleshoot the game to no avail . I have been dying to play this and have had nothing but grief . For those good reviews , I am sure the game is entertaining , but for those having the same problems , it has been a nightmare . I feel like one of those guys landing at Normandy who gets shot before he even gets out of the landing craft ! VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 After I got really bored with CS , I decided to try MOH . So bad I did n't order it from amazon , or I still have a slim chance to return it . I do like Amazon customer service . : - DThe System Requirement on Amazon is an incomplete one . There is Minimum Requirement on Chipset , only supporting Nvidia , ATI and PowerVR3 . As to other chipset , s you have to take the risk . I am the unlucky one , it does n't support Voodoo series using VSA . Remember
 It may be a game but once you are in the June 6th mission ... Amazing game . Better have a high end computer to run this.This will be THE GAME of the '00 decade by which all others are measured
 This is the first game in many years that was a total let down to me.The scripted events are foolish.You ca n't change the fate of any of your soldiers.The maze is old.Gimmie some freedom of choice and movement.If I shoot a guy at pointblank with a .50 cal in the face he is goig to die instantly ; not in this `` game . `` There are the same things from 1 and 2 rehashed again and again .2 or 3 good levels not total missions.People who like this game are most likely looking for arcade style acti ... zzzzzzzz.To be fair , when this game came out i was playing operation flashpoint.A real military style game , where you use tactics and command choices.A total waste of my money.The younger kids might like it , but I find it insulting to our intelligence .
 The game does not allow you to take your own route to a target although it seems you can move around freely . Order of actions are also very restrictive . If you attack point A then point B , you will succeed , otherwise will fail but A and B are just the same . Some snipers just can not be killed until they fired at least one shoot at you . The compass does not give you much clues of where to go as many times it points to a deadend.Finding the entrance of the next level is sometimes unreasonable . It is frustrating and time wasting . In one mission you can not proceed until an enemy tank punches a hole on the wall so you can go through it to the next level.The design of the game is a straight line which you can only follow without deviation . However , the layout of this line is obscure . You have to ` die ' many times to find it out .
 This single player for this game is absolutely stunning . Just as an example , take the graphics and the sound from Omaha beach . The machinegun fire actually sounds like it is hitting the obstacles , sand , or hitting a iron obstacle and falling into the water . The emotions of the Americans are portrayed exactly by voice acting and facial expressions . HOWEVER , the multiplayer for this game is boring and not innovative at all . After you beat single player , this game is worthless . RTCW has a much better multiplayer , and I recommend it over this title because RTCW had better multiplayer graphics , and its just more fun and lasts longer .
 I 've read all the good reviews on this game and just ca n't bring myself to jump on board the bandwagon . I 'm a pretty experienced gamer who just does n't see any big deal about this FPS.The pros
 This game was terrible . Friendly AI 's were dumb and just kept dying . Enemy AI 's could shoot you a mile away through a wall , just a pathetic game . Graphics were terrible ! Absolutely digusting graphics . Missions almost pointless ... This game was a uter failure and i hope EA will make better then this in the future . If you like the half-life mod
 We have a high power gaming PC -LRB- AMD 900 MHz , Nvidia etc. -RRB- which works with the Sierra -LRB- and other -RRB- games just fine . Despite hours of diagnostics and tech support , the program still gave a `` This program has performed an illegal operation '' message . We talked to two different tech support people at EA who could n't find the problem . I exchanged the game just in case the CD was bad.While shopping at Best Buy I talked to a tech support person there and he told me that their return rate is 1 good one for every 25 sold . So this is a known problem even if he exaggerated slightly.I wrote a complete email to EA documenting the problem , but there 's no response.It may be a great game , but if it is so poorly written that it ca n't define the errors or even limp around them , EA should pull it or fix it and tell their tech support people where customers can get the patch.Any game that causes us 10 hours of testing , reloading and tech support calls with no results tells us something about EA and how much they think of their end-users .
 I have a brand new computer and this game did nothing but crash so needless to say I never played it and will be selling mine .
 This game is too programed for me . This game is ment for 16 year olds not adults . There is none of the problem solving involved in Operation Flashpoint . Boring !
 Boy , what a letdown.I do n't like this game at all.ince when should you need to dump a 30 round clip into an enemy before he drops?Buy call of duty , much better game.Graphics are better too !
 This would be a five star review if only the program would run for more than 5 minutes . I 'm running on a 1GHz P3 , 256M RAM , ATI Rage 128 . The demo runs fine but the full program does n't like the video card because it keeps causing it to send an invalid signal and I have to reboot . I have the latest drivers . I do n't have this problem with any other games.If you have the same video card as me , I do n't recommend this game .
 I give 5 stars for graphics , 3 for sound and none for realizm . No one person could possiblly do alone these missions as the game unfolds . It starts out good as you are a member of a fire team and all are working together , but then after that it 's you against the entire German Army . This game was not what I expected after reading all the reviews and above . Kind of reminds me of the game DOOM .
 I am serious WWII and gaming fan , and I just do n't get MOHAA . The idea of a game that copies the beach invasion from `` Saving Private Ryan '' is a good one , but MOHAA does n't do it very well . You face hours of tedious subterranean cement hallways filled with the ubiquitous FPS crates before you even get to Normandy . Many of these hours seem plagiarized from `` Goldeneye , '' and the occasional nice suprises -- for instance manning a .30 on the back of a jeep -- invariably overstay their welcome . Linearity is preserved by having things like velvet ropes you inexplicably ca n't cross and lights you ca n't shoot out even though you can shoot out the lights next to them.I played this game on `` Hard '' to try to make it as realistic as possible , but the result was mainly that the Nazis could get strafed across the face with a machine gun and , after staggering back for a moment , keep coming . When one of my men threw himself on a grenade to save me , I thought `` Cool ! '' But when he got up and kept fighting as if nothing had happened -LRB- because he was n't scheduled to die yet -RRB- , I was less impressed.When I did finally get to Normandy , the game quickly became overwhelmed by the number of things happening -LRB- I have a PIII/256/32M nVidia -RRB- and became stop motion , even at the crappiest settings . And not that much interesting was happening anyway.Older games like `` Serious Sam '' -LRB- which stays smooth with more assailants and much higher pixel and polygon counts -RRB- kick this game 's rear technically , and MOHAA is never quite cool enough to make up for the fact that it seems so lazily designed and programmed . The best thing about it is the shareware patches you can download from the internet to make the game show some blood -- at least they 're inventive.The game 's dull cartoonishness , grouped with its pretentious credits and music and ludicrous claims of realism -LRB- Supreme Allied Headquarters sends you letters that say things like `` But now it 's 1944 , and much has changed since the Nazi victories of 1941-42 ! '' -RRB- , makes the whole thing kind of embarrassing . I was disappointed by this game . If I was a D-Day Vet I 'd be offended .
 MOHAA is a game that is ideally suited for the person who gives no regard for even the slightest bit of realism and decent storyline . Essentially , this game is a slowed down Quake with Germans and Allies instead of Marines and monsters ... . I knew this was not going to be a Ghost Recon , Operation
 Caveat
 I consider this a ... mistake . It wo n't run on my machine . Look carefully at the system requirements . Look carefully at the video card chipsets REQUIRED . One of the fixes EA suggests is to close all the programs -LRB- win98 -RRB- running in the background . This is a major pain to do every time you want to load the game .
 I 'd like to play the game that all these people rate as a 5 start game , because obviously it 's not Medal of Honor
 I think Medal of honor was a great game . there was some bad things about the game thought like on Omaha beach the machine gunners know exsactley were you are ! but with cheats it is a REALLY GREAT GAME !! One other thing is that you have to shoot the guys like 7 times unless you hit them in the head . i think that they should have more of a selection of weapons they have no hand to hand compat weapons -LRB- if you call hitting somebody with your pistol is -RRB- so it is hard there . you should also beable to man the big guns on boats and the 88 's overall i think it is a good game and i recomend that you buy it .
 The graphics are great BUT you have to take a look at the whole package . As other reviews have mentioned , the AI has a lot to be desired . I have n't tried the multiplayer part yet but as far as the missions go they are very frustrating . In some parts , seemingly unlimited solders come running when everything has been cleared out . One part -LRB- and this is what made me write this -RRB- , I could n't even see the sniper after countless times trying to find him not caring if I died . I just wanted to see where he was hiding . That is fine if it works both way but fire one shot , even if you 're hidden and the entire enemy force know exactly where your at . Also , the whole game is choreographed so you ca n't do anything out of the ordinary -LRB- so much for thinking on your own -RRB- . In one battle , I tried to get a sniper rifle but when I ran ahead , there was an invisible barrier , which stopped me . Then friendly soldiers came and blocked the way so I could n't get though . We usually all got killed . I tried several variations and it happened every time . This was during the Omaha Beach mission . Also , in some parts of the game , depending weather or not the authors allowed it at the time , soldier 's weapons seemed to magically disappear when they are shot . So , if you like more of an arcade style game this may be for you , but if you like more realism , check out Operation flashpoint . In my opinion , the graphics are in the same league but the game play is 10 times more enjoyable and realistic .
 not a bad game much like the previous command and conquer games.but very short , missions are not to difficult , game takes to long to load , not enough missions to play , plus you can not switch and play as yuri against the allied and russians.overall compared to the previous command and conquer games , which i loved i would only give this a 2 possibly a 1 .
 The actual game is ok , but it not worth the wait to play the game . Just to get to the main menu takes over 10 minutes , and then each mission takes anywhere from 5-20 minutes to load . Plus when you finally get to play , you are constantly kicked out the game to due `` irregular internal errors . '' I know it 's not my computer because I 'm not the only one with these problems , and my computer exceeds all the requirments , and plays all other games great.Westwoods website blames the problems on a cd burner or other cd drive . I followed all their suggestions to remedy the many problems , and the game does not work any better.This game is just a waste of money , since all it will do is sit and load for 20 minutes and then get an error or lock up .
 I have been playing games like Tiberian Sun , RedAlert ect . But when I got RA2 I was dissopinted , I could kill my oppenents very quickly . This game makes me think westwood should get out of the field of RTS games , I played the game for a week and have not touched it since . That is the same for Yuri 's revenge , I have no trouble killing 30 brutes then destroying my oppenent at all . They proboly made this games for little kids who were having to much trouble playing games like Tiberian Sun . So I suggest that you do not buy this game . It is a complete wast of money . If you want a good game Get Tiberian Sun . Or Shogun Total war .
 this never played the code was bad and the company never responded to calls or letters what a waist of money
 I wish i could give it less than 1 star , but thats the lowest that amazon.com will let me go . Do n't listen to the oher reviews here , trust me . -LRB- ... -RRB- If you 're going to spend time playing a strategy game , at least do yourself a favor and play something GOOD -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Sure , this game is fun in a progressive , construction set way . Civilization simplfied and narrowed to keeping your golfers amused , not playing too slowly , and well fed and rested . No doubt , building a golf course and watching the little guys take it on is fun for a while . The game is cake.But ... Entering and exiting the game is a pain , it takes forever considering the modest graphics and sound . I 'm using a new , fast P4 , why does it take so long to load , and why is EA so paraniod about priracy that you have to enter a code , and then , everytime you start up , the CD has to be in your CD drive . Also , why ca n't a simple tap on the enter key skip over the intro , and why two screens and an animation just to get out of the game . The frosting is just sickenly sweet and greasy . Oh , and all this is after downloading the patches from the website.The basic game is great -LRB- after patches -RRB- , but the stupid , stupid stuff that EA -LRB- apparently -RRB- did to it just annoys me . I suggest you skip the hassle and look at something else .
 This game was fun when I first got it . I am not a fan of golf , but I am a fan of sim games , so I thought `` What the heck . why not ? '' BIG MISTAKE ! The game is NOT worth the price -LRB- money -RRB- because after a few hours of watching little sim people play on your course , you get a little bored . If you are not a fan of golf I do not recomend this game for you . If you are a fan of golf , you will probably enjoy it .
 The demo for this game -LCB- if one could call it that -RRB- was on the Sims Hot Date , or some expansion for the Sims . It seemed pretty fun , and since they restricted you to 3 courses , I really wanted to know what it was like to build a big golf resort . And so , I got caught in the trap . I went out and bought Sim Golf ... The worst waste of money in my life . I quickly became bored with the different buildings -LRB- there are so few ! -RRB- , and although the course building tool was kind of interesting , it was far from addicting ... The actual golfing aspect of the game required no skill , and the houses you build for celebrities are a plain waste of time ... It is a plain waste of time , money , and of course , megabytes . I ca n't wait 'till the Sims Superstar comes out ... Do n't make the same mistake I did , and get a better game . This is just a plain disgrace .
 sid meiers sim golf is worth every penny of the price ... easily the best game this season the only problem is i dont know how to save mt game.p.s . no one has payed me to say this
 its bad the worst ever do not buy and please please dont i beg you its horrible
 I love this game . However , do n't try to play it on an IBM Thinkpad . It will play for 4 minutes and then freeze up . Tech support still hasnt ' solved the problem . Just a heads up !
 Do yourself a favor and pass on this game . It 's neither a good golf game or tycoon game . While you will initially have fun with this game the repetitiveness of it all will quickly bore you , it 's just not a good game .
 I 've heard good things about the PS2 version of M2k2 , but the PC version has serious gameplay issues.Namely , the defensive secondary is nonexistent . 500-600 yard games from 3rd string QBs with bad offensive linemen and poor receivers are the order of the day . You could assemble a team of All-Star defensive players and pit them against the worst NFL Europe team and their 3rd string QB , and I guarantee you the NFL Europe team 's QB will throw for over 350 yards and a QB rating over 100 . They 'll probably lose , but the scores in M2k2 games are very , very high . 65-54 is NOT an unusual score . I 've tried every fix imaginable , and nothing helps . If EA patches this big problem , this could be a great game . The graphics are much better than last year 's version .
 The graphics for this game are fantastic , but boy does the gameplay stink . The review up top sums it up . Horrible , horrible , horrible AI . The people at EA should be ashamed of this , considering that this is last year 's console version . Every pass is caught with one hand , forget about running the ball , every pass over the middle gets dropped , and your team 's defense only has a prayer if you use the Dime . Forget about 4-3 , that 's a guaranteed touchdown . Do yourself a favor , spend 15 bucks and get Madden 2001 , which is a heck of a lot more fun to play than this bag of frustration .
 My copy of Madden 2002 is not much fun . Whenever I try to do franchise it zooms throgh the numbers . I 'm sure it is fun for the people who it does work .
 The graphics are great . . to a point . The Players are not accurate in their ratings . I have Dave Moore as TE and he drops almost Every pass that goes to him , even when wide open ! I 'm tired of Madden and Summerall making comments on that -LRB- He just dropped the ball ... -RRB- The defense is way bad , especially the cornerbacks . I like to play as a linebacker and the defensive backs keep giving up the big play . Not realistic at all . Too bad , I like Madden 2000 , but not this one . Go back to the drawing board EA .
 I bought this game , and had problems as soon as I installed it . I went to the EA web site and found I was not alone . The discussion groups at the EA site are flooded with people that are having huge problems with this game . Unless you have a P3 + and a high end video card dont bother buying this game .
 This game can be fun and addictive , however it can be frustrating . The computer will always end up winning any game you play . I have started several different Franchises , but have only won 1 game ! One example
 The commentary is the same stock audio that they have been using for the last 2 + years . The graphics are first rate . The A.I. ? Well , I did n't actually get that far . I 'm sorry but this is years iteration has THE WORST management tools I 've ever had the displeasure of using . I have always considered myself an excellent evaluator of on field talent and have enjoyed the free agent , trade , and draft systems of the previous football games I 've purchased ... Madden 2002 is woefully lacking in these areas . It 's not that the options are n't there , they are just the worst I 've seen in recent years . Too bad .
 I bought this game , i like the roster and everything excpet the grapics were too bed , i could hardly play and whenever i tried to play i get no good graphics . i always buy easports game , i have so many games of sports that are by easports but tell me all tell you something that this is probably the worst graphics i ever seen and when i bought it first time i thought it might be something wrong with the game so i went back to store to get another cd and i did but it was samething happened like whenever i start to play game the color get all mix and i could hardly see the face of the players and the roster and other features were cool and i like them but the graphics were so bad and i was so disappointed and when i went back to store to return the game , the sales perosn up there told me that he got too many complains on this game for pc but he also told me that they do not have any problem with playstation2 , but it has with pc . this is probably the worst grpahics i ever seen i had everything in my computer downloaded to play the game like you know all 3d grphics card , and you know etc. . THE WORST GAME I EVER SEEN FROM EASPORTS .
 This game has wonderful graphics . The franchise mode is also very good . I like the way players can get better or worse in their ratings at the end of the season . But , their are some aspects of the game that do need help . The game can get boring only after playing about 2 or 3 games . The annoucers are lame , and do n't even know what ther are talking about . Also , the gamplay is slow . Madden is very realistic but needs to add some arcade style in it . That is about the only problem . It is fun to go chat with other people in the online lobby and play them . But , while playing another person online the game goes very slow with many bumps and does not work well . Plaus , the update option allows your rosters to be up to date and that can help you . You will not want to buy the new version just because of the old rosters . I rate this game a 21/2 .
 Santa brought this game for my Harry Potter crazy daughter . The video on the game does not work correctly , everything is choppy and frayed out . Technical support on game does n't work , and the phone number is in the UK . Overall , a major FAIL !
 I bought this because I 've been bored and needed a Harry Potter fix since there are no more movies coming . I wish I had spent my money on something else as I feel like it was completely wasted on this game.The graphics are pretty awful , even taking into consideration the date this was made . It feels very rushed , which is likely the case as EA probably knew people would buy it no matter how crappy due to the franchise . The save points feel awkward , as most of them are in the middle of objectives . There is basically no deviation from the main objectives to do -LRB- no exploring , no side-quests , nada -RRB- expect for quidditch after it 's unlocked -LRB- which was boring to me -RRB- . Also , you 'll likely put the volume on mute after about 10 minutes because the constant repeating/yelling of spells is grating on the ears and nerves.I did n't even bother finishing this game . A video game has to be pretty bad if I 'd rather just be bored than play it .
 I do remember liking this game as a kid . But now it 's very hard for me to play . The game is full of bugs , is slow , the character 's mouths do n't move when they talk , jumping is awkward , and overall , the graphics are terrible by today 's standards . The only level I really liked is when Harry is under the invisibility cloak and has to go past all of these obstacles and past Filch and Mrs. Norris . And the flying I liked when i first played this.Fortunately the next game , Chamber of Secrets , surpasses this one by several hundred miles.Do I recommend this game ? only if those under ten are going to be the ones playing it .
 It seems to me that Electronic Arts tried way way too hard to get this game out before Christmas 2001 , and the game itself shows it . The 3D graphics , as said before , are very primitive , and in many cases are extremely poor done - objects come in and out of walls , if you walk too far around some objects , they disappear , etc. . The game also comes with no instruction guide , so you have to figure out some very weird key combinations for yourself . Overall , I 'd have to say that Harry Potter failed as a good game , and I think I 'll stick with the old but well-put together graphics of Doom .
 This Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone game by Electronic Arts will only work under special conditions . I could not get it to run at all on my computer without it freezing the machine every time I tried to start it . The install guide gives very detailed instructions about things you need to do to get the program to run . This includes using CTRL-ALT-DEL repeatedly to close everything besides Explorer and Systray . Then if you follow all their instructions and still have a problem , you can try using their Technical Support by email . This involves going back and forth by email with someone who will give you long lists of involved configuration changes to make in your computer -LRB- including things like deleting device drivers and changing the registry -RRB- , generally without really explaining how to make these changes . No software should require such changes to your computer ; code should be written in a way that is adaptable to whatever the specific configurations of the operating systems that the software is said to be designed for .
 Harry Potter is a great book series , I love it , but this video game version of Harry Potter is just not as intense and creative as the book series . The gameplay is second person view , similar to the book , and you are Harry Potter going through Hogwarts or whatever places to have adventure . It is extremely boring after a while when you realize each level is no difference , except the enemies and display of environment . The graphics is not as wonderful as expected , sometimes you can find glitches of mistakes around the corner -LRB- horrible rendering -RRB- . When I played this game I imagined myself in Hogwarts , but that was not how I felt . I felt more like in a prison or dungeon , with limits of exploring the castle and the atomsphere is not magical enough to convince me this is Hogwarts -LRB- where are those animated paintings and beautiful floating candles ? -RRB- If you are age above 12 , do n't even bother to buy this game . Just rent it once and play it . I promise you that you can finish it in three days . It only took me a week to finish the game , and playing a little bit each day , and there is not much of animated sequence for you to watch.The only thing that was a bit fun is the Quidditch match , but it is also too easy . Nothing surprising or challenging.They could have made the game better .
 This game is a great game , for all those under the age of 7 . Anyone who prefers games with a sense of challenge , speed , and dignity should steer clear of this game . For those of you who are fans of Harry Potter and are inclined to get it because of that , this is not the game to get . This game merely disgraces the already pitiful Harry Potter series .
 I love Harry Potter . The books , at least . What 's more , I love computer games . However , my compassion ends there . These two loves do not mix here.Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone -LRB- which still vexes me ; it 's an alchemist 's stone , burn you ! -RRB- is one of the more mediocre games it has been my misfortune to come across . The reasons are as legion as the bowling ball sized beans that lie strewn across the hall . The first complaint is the sheer ridiculousness of the school . Hogwarts , the programmers imagine , is not a pleasant place , full of massive holes in the floor , where death awaits those who wanted to go to class , and teachers will send you off to risk life and limb after teaching you one seemingly useless and completely random spell . How is Lumos supposed to protect me against the Dark Arts , Professor Quirril?This is hardly the only flaw in the game . Another is the almost complete disregard for any sort of plot . In the introduction , presented in stills stolen from a Harry Potter Day calendar I 'd been given , you are told that as Harry put on the sorting hat , he hoped he would not be put into Slytherin instead of Griffindor . Why ? No explanation is given for what the houses represent . Worse still , Harry seems to have turned into Lenny from Memento
 Unless you have the newest computer capability , you can not play this game . I bought this -LRB- the site did not mention the needs for your computer -RRB- and it went as sloww as molassas in January ! I would recomend the Gameboy Version instaed . The coloring is very dark , so it is hard to see dark halls or anything of that sort . Keep posted for i may sell mine !
 First things first . You learn spells how ? Tracing the symbol with your mouse . Big Whup . it is just a cheap immitation of a leading series . half of the game , all you have to do is click , move , click , move , click , etc. the recreation of the story is so-so -LRB- which is responsible for the 1 * -RRB- . i will list the pros and cons later , but first a graphics check . The -LCB- so-called -RCB- advanced graphics did n't run with my computer , so Harry 's eyes were on top of his head , beside the mouth . I not so sure it was my computer , either , because I have a NVidia Geforce 3 , 64 bit video card . I would buy Jedi outcast instead . one more thing , Snape is n't that mean . and , furthermore , Harry can jump 10 feet . come on ! and now , the moment you have been waiting for , the Pro-con list!Pros1.good Quidditch recreation2.relatively good storylineCons1.graphics could n't be worse2.jumping is unreal3.spells are too easily cast4 . -LRB- the cruncher -RRB- IT IS NOT EXITING OR LONG ENOUGH
 I bought this game for my 9 year old son . I am an avid gamer and expected nothing short of perfection when buying this game . I will say that the graphics are well done and the game play was really fun , albeit short lived . I finished the game in about 6 hours . I know I am an adult , but my son will be done in about another 12 hours . The thing that really bothered me was the inability to go back to the places I had previously visited . There was only one direction in this game and that was forward . So to find every secret and get 100 % of the game you need to start a new game from the beginning or take your time going through , which then can be a drag as you are always excited to get to the next thing ... I give it 2 stars . I would not pay more than $ ... for this game .
 I brought the game for my sons 9th birthday . He loves it but as a fan of the harry potter books and movies , I was very very disappointed . It is an arcade and as such alters the story to suit the game . They use the name , the characters and the setting to sell the game but could not keep true to the story.The game starts at the school , and the brief run through of the story before then has a heap of inaccuracies . I would have preferred a game that started at the beginning and not in the middle . Missing is his time at the dursleys , diagon alley and the train to school . Hermoine and Ron play such a big part in the books and movies but in the game are almost ignored . Harry runs around alone , in the book Ron and/or Hermoine are usually with him but not in the game , not even in crucial scenes where they are present in the book . Otherwise flying the broom is well done and lots of fun . The magic is well done and fits in very well . The characters and voices are also well done.Overall I would love to see the game done in an adventure style , remaining true to the book and starting at the beginning , with lots of puzzles that you have to use your brain to figure out rather than the easy ones this game contains , you basically move the magic round to find all the hidden areas etc , there is little challenge there.For someone like me who expects the game to match the books and movie , leave it in the store as you will get annoyed every time they alter the story to suit the game.If you want an arcade game loosely based on the books , that is fairly easy for the younger children then this is ideal as it has a learning level and auto jump that makes it much easier for the younger kids .
 The game is buggy . I encountered poor sound on all systems I tried it on . Ca n't bypass the opening screens . Slow loading . All games have issues , but these seem worse than normal.EA could have done much better . May not run on some systems at all .
 I think this game is really hard . I tried getting past malfoy soooooo many times . Finelly my uncle had to do it for me . Now I 'm trying the troll . I tried it twenty one times !!! I still ca n't do it . My uncle ca n't do it either . It 's not mch fun if you ca n't do it . Next time do n't make it so hard !!!!
 My daughter got this game for Xmas and hates it . She is 7 years old and can not understand it so she never plays it . My husband has also tried to play it in order to help her understand and he ca n't play it either . We thought she would really like the game since she loved the movie and the books , but she does n't .
 It dose n't have the right , ... well , you know what , ... technology . And it dose n't have the right , ... ya know ... flying lessons . It 's just too hard to go through the rings and they shoud n't of added the red rings because they go up and down and it 's just too hard ! It stinks ! Oh yeah , it sure does !
 Loved the books ... hate this game . Admittedly , I may not have given this game a chance . The graphics are poor and movement is archaic . What 's up with using the arrow keys ? What ever happened to games which allow you to use a joy-pad or mouse -LRB- more effectively -RRB- . In their haste to release a video game to accompany the movie craze , EA has classified their loyal customers as well as the general public as idiots willing to spend money on any kind of `` Harry Potter '' junk . From what I can tell , this game is n't even worthy of release as freeware . Perhaps the game improves later . I would n't know because the flashing blue , red , green & yellow lights all over the Hogwart 's castle walls gave me a headache . I wasted my money on this game and made the conscious decision not to waste any more of my time trying to play it .
 This software is extremely buggy . I 've tried it on three different PCs , and the same thing happens on all three . The sound disappears after awhile , and there 's no way to get it back other than quitting and restarting . The game is also a resource hog . It eats up 500MB -LRB- 1/2 gigabyte -RRB- of your hard disk , and it 's slow . Running in a 2.0 GHz Pentium 4 with 1GB of RAM , the sound output often skips .
 No fun
 I think that this game is a waste of time and money.There are only a handfull of reasons why this game is good while there is a truckload of reason why this game is bad.I 'll explain why below.Cons
 I think this game is pretty bad . There are too many problems that I am going to list here : * Not enough save points * Hard to move your wand around to cast the spell at the enemies * Everything is an adventure they never let u relax * In quidditch it is kinda hard to catch the stupid snitch * sometimes the game will go really slow with older systemsAlso you ca n't explore and this game is n't that good anyway .
 I think that this game is a waste of time and money.There are only a handfull of reasons why this game is good while there is a truckload of reason why this game is bad.I 'll explain why below.Cons
 I got this game for my son and have not been able to even get it loaded on my PC , which is only about 3 years old . The game requires at least 500 mb of free memory on your hard drive . Even after deleting enough files to free up the memory , the game still crashes before it even starts . Apparently , unless you have really up-to-date video/graphics cards , you may have problems . Another annoyance is that there is no printed technical support material ; everything is online in the Install Guide ; so unless you can get the game loaded , you ca n't read any of the troubleshooting tips .
 this game is SOOOOO fun . . but SOOO easy and short . . i beat this game in 2 days ... dont get me wrong ... this game is fun . but it gives only 4 hours of gameplay -LRB- no strategy guides -RRB- the game gta3 , gives about 100 hours of gameplay . thats the difference . Every level is wicked easy accept for the one where u sneak down from the tower , and the last level where u fight that ugly person . again , i say u should rent this game , -LRB- for ps or ps2 -RRB- , blockbuster gives u a week of rental with ur ... . GAMEs FREEDOM PASS !! ... rent this game for a week , and beat it in a day .
 First , the good news
 first a series of books that draws kids AWAY from the computer and TV , and is praised greatly for doing so ... and now they 're making software and movies.ironic , no?stick to the books .
 The ads for software need to include more info . Will this game run on 32 meg or is 64 needed ? The specs printed on the box should be available here . Otherwise , we risk serious disappointment at Christmas .
 This game is not as good as i6t could be . It really takes the fun out of the action .
 Oh no ! Not another Harry Potter product . How BORING . My kids all have genius IQs and they would n't have it on a stick .
 This game was a huge disappointment . It has little information , is incredibly repetitive and has things built in that almost insure your child will fail over and over again . The only way to successfully jump to/from/over in the game is to use the `` auto jump '' . I am very sorry I bought this game for my child .
 Limited ability to save the game , very linear . Repetitive gameplay without much imagination . Jump here , use predetermined spell , go there , use spell and so forth . Not much puzzle solving required . My keyboard makes flying broomstick difficult . Graphics and voices are alright . What it might have been with less traditional game moves and more thought breaks my heart . I was very disappointed , it does n't live up to the books . Like with the extras on the recent DVD release , more anoying than fun .
 The Harry Potter phenomenon , which originated with J.K. Rowling 's incredibly popular series of fantasy novels , has arrived to gaming audiences as a series of cross-platform action-adventure games published by Electronic Arts . Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone casts you in the role of the troubled young orphan wizard during his first year of studies at Hogwart 's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . As Harry , you are challenged to attend classes in the arcane arts , collect as many magical sweets as you can find , and foil the plot of your parents ' killer , the evil Voldemort.The music , on the other hand , is enjoyable throughout . Providing the palpably magical soundtrack is acclaimed composer Jeremy Soule , who absolutely shines at certain moments . When pesky gnomes scurry out from behind corners to steal your beans , a recurring lighthearted tune will kick in , signaling the appearance of these nuisances . The music does well to convey the emotion of certain parts of the game , whether it 's nervous tension during sneaking sequences or the excitement of a heated Quidditch match . The selections do repeat a bit too often , though , so there is n't enough variety to keep the game sounding fresh throughout its short duration.Ultimately , Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone does n't have the widespread appeal of its literary namesake and is suitable only for children . When compared with the many stellar gameplay experiences available to PC gamers today , Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone underwhelms with an extremely brief story , overly simplistic platform jumping sequences , and repetitive gameplay . Then again , children ready to move on from purely educational PC games to those that are purely entertaining will likely enjoy Harry 's first PC adventure , but older players captivated by Rowling 's first tale would be better served by reading the novel 's three sequels or by seeing the movie again .
 Being an avid Harry Potter fan , I bought the game when I first saw it . Now , you would guess an HP game would be amazing , but guess again
 I agree whole-heartedly with the review titled `` disappointing eye candy '' . I have experienced every problem he mentioned and then some . The biggest disappointment overall to me is the fact that it is rated for children age 6 and over . My 6 year old has spent half of the time he 's had with the game watching me get through the hard spots of the game for him -LRB- and I usually have to make multiple attempts myself . -RRB- We have finally given up the game at the point where we have to chase Malfoy on the broomstick and knock him off - it has proven to be an impossible task . My 10 and 8 year olds have not had any better luck than I have . The least Electronic Arts could do is publish a strategy guide to take away some of the frustration . A visually stunning but functionally useless game , in my opinion .
 This game is not worthy of the book . I expected something along the line of `` Escape from Horrorland '' based on the R. L. Stine books where there are a series of puzzles and interesting explorations based upon the plot of the book . The plot is irrelevant in this game . This is merely a set of puzzles for finding the classrooms while you collect jelly beans and wizard cards . The old game series Commander Keen did a better job of that.For example , Harry travels from class to class but there really is no classroom set to explore . Just think of the experience if he had been able to explore his Potions classroom.It 's obvious that this was a quick marketing attempt to make some money off the book . BORING , BORING , BORING . Shame on you Rowling for allowing this to happen .
 I like Harry Potter just as much as the next big HP-lifestyle-fan . So when my sister came home from the market one day and said `` I got the Harry Potter game ! '' I was mega-excited . I 've read all four books and seen the movie . I loved the books , and I thought the movie was pretty good . Obviously , then , the game was simply the next logical step . So I installed it -LRB- all 435MB 's of it -RRB- on my computer , kept the CD in , and started the game ... The first thing that strikes you is the look of the game . The main menu is very well done up , but lacks much content . However , that does n't really matter to me in a game , so I simply configured the options I wanted -LRB- a standard practice for every new game -RRB- and started a new game.The graphics are pretty appalling in this day and age of graphics-cards with CPU 's and multi-gigahertz monstrous CPU 's chomping the numbers . Most of the characters ' faces and clothing look very 2D . Also , quite a few of the graphics do not match much with the movie or pre-game illustrations.The voice acting is , at best , tolerable , and at worst , appalling . Again , most of the voices do not match with the movie . The voice actors are not very good , unfortunately.And now , on to the interface . The interface for learning spells is quite good , IMHO . The only problem is that if you have an even slightly below-average sensitivity mouse , you will lose a lot of points because of that . The system for casting spells is quite good , except that you have to aim it very carefully.The items could have been much more numerous . And I do n't really see the point of the beans , except to give to Fred and George . The game manual says , `` Collect the beans to trade with other students '' . Well , sorry , but `` other students '' only means Fred and George.Save points are a very old and annoying addition to gameplay . It simply means that you can only save your game at particular locations during the game , that too in only one file.Now , the gameplay . Some of the puzzles start extremely easy , then suddenly get impossible . There is too much jumping involved . Also , some of the puzzles are very stupid in concept.The flying lessons are fun -LRB- my top score is 15/20 -RRB- and it 's almost worth buying the game for the part where you have to knock Malfoy off his broom.Oh yeah , two miscellaneous problems with the game :1 -- Harry himself never talks in the game .2 -- Hermione and Ron do not help much.Finally , one last complaint is that the storyline has been given too many little twists here and there.To sum it all up , if this did not bear the `` Harry Potter '' name , I would give it 3.5 on 5 . However , since it * does * bear the name `` Harry Potter '' , I give 1.5 on 5 . Do n't buy this unless you 're a die-hard Harry Potter fan .
 This book is about a boy named Harry . Harry is living with his aunt and uncle , because his mom and dad died . One day a letter came saying that Harry was welcome to a magic school called Hogwarts . Harry 's mom and dad were wizards . That is why Harry was welcome to the school . Will he go to Hogwarts ? I dislike this book , because I do not believe in witchcraft and magic . If you like magic read it . Otherwise I like it .
 alright , first of all , what is with the reviewers so far ? a 9 year old gamer !!! or what not , first of all , i have read the hp books . they were alright ... a little far fetched . NOW , i must say , to that one review that said No violence and stuff about d2x , that this game is way too childish . EA stick with sports , seriously . what a coincidence , once the book was PRAISED from keeping us from our tvs . and computers , well now its bringing us back , coincidence ? i think not . If you like games and what not , get diablo2 , or daoc3 , or HALO , seriously lose this `` money making '' boring merchandise made JUST because they know you 'll buy it if you like hp . DONT BUY THIS
 Besides having a really bad graphics engine , completely linear , and absolutely boring . Overall this game is a 1 Star . This reminds me of very fast to market attempt at a RPG . The plot is very thin , and the playability is boring at best . Do not buy this game , unless you have a 4 or 5 year old that wants to play it . Anybody over 5 will be bored . I am surprised that TK Rowling even allowed this feeble attempt to get to the market place . My god , their mouths do n't even move when they talk - Gim me a break !
 This game is the worst game in the world . First graphics are no better than gameboy , second , there is almost no gameplay 2 levles there are so easy , i didnt know anything about harry potter and i beat the game in 30 minutes . I wouldnt pay a penny for this game . Dont throw your money down the toilet . Dont buy this game .
 If you 're a gamer , do n't buy it , you wo n't like it . It does n't have the widespread appeal of the books and is suitable only for children . It 's too easy ...
 The potential for an excellent game is obvious from the brilliance of the Potter series ... but this game is so simplistic and unimaginative that it is a total failure . It appears to have been created only for the purpose of cashing in on the popularity of Harry Potter . Do yourself a favor , do n't waste your money .
 This game will cost you -LRB- more money per month -RRB- for as long as you want to play , there is no way to play the game without being online and subscribing . What a -LRB- surprise -RRB- .
 This game is like most . Strong advertisement , sells you the idea that you will get a real game with hours and hours of un-repetetive fun . Hardly . 2 weeks into your 30 days free trial -LRB- oh yes ... its -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- there after to play ... no offline play available -RRB- you will have seen all there is to see . And if you are lucky , you will see the cheats too . The guys who will offer you what seems like a fair trade only to find out they know alot more about MCO than you ever will , and you give them your trade and get zero in return . Then they change names and you never hear from them again . MCO has General Managers online , but they will not interfere with these types of problems.To race is to earn money . But the real problem with MCO is that there is only one track which produces more money and more points -LRB- to the next level -RRB- . To race against humans is stupid . You only win at the most $ 200 , and only gain some 20 points . However if you race a sponsored car -LRB- not the one you have pointedly been saving money to soup up -RRB- at the Bel View track , you can consistently earn $ 300 - $ 400 and about 80 points . That is the only track that is consistent and it takes about 4 minutes to run it , and it gets older than 3 hour old chewing gum . Whats the future in it ? NONE . You just race that one track . If you race against humans , they will quit on you if they are losing . Blah . Same immoral responses we 've seen in any other online game , except this one is ONLY online and to play it ... you cough up -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- dollars every month to endure the pain .
 I was very excited to get this game . As an avid motorhead and collector car nut , this game held much promise . But I was sorely disapointed to find that after my initial $ 40 layout for the game , I would be forced to pay $ 9.99 a month to continue using this game . This fact was not made clear , it appears in miniature writing on the back of the box if you read that far . It says nothing in the instruction book about a monthly payment . I am now in a tight spot as to getting my money back without losing anything . Do not buy this game unless you want to pay them $ 120 a year for the privilege .
 I PLAYED THE OLD GAME STREERODS FOR THE AMIGA AND IT `` S THE SAME IDEA , BUYING CARS AND PARTS TO BUILD UP YOUR CAR , TO FINALLY RACE FOR MONEY OR TITLES . THIS GAME WITH IT `` S GRAPHICS ARE GREAT , BUT THE IDEA OF ONLINE FEES IS NOT RIGHT.SO , IF YOU LIKE THE IDEA OF PAYING TO RACE THEN BUY IT , BECAUSE THE ONLY WAY TO PLAY IS PAY .
 This game is no longer active as the servers that ran the game shut down long ago . ALthough when the game was active i would have to give it a perfect score because the game was awesome . EA should definitely revamp and restart motor city online .
 well , no point in buying thsi game , i did about 4 months ago , then they decide to stop running it , and give us either the sims online or ultima online or earth and beyond , as if walking around on the sims is near as fun as racing and tuning up your car
 When MCO first launched it was a wonderful game . It was fast paced and very challenging . Being able to tune a car was every bit as important as driving skills and purchasing dream rides from the auctions was almost as much fun as mastering the many tracks . However , it did not take long for the hackers and scammers to seperate the online community into the elite , rich players who always won races from the honest players who played just for fun . The economic system eventually evolved so that only high level players with inside scam information could afford the fastest cars and this allowed them to set the fastest times , receive all the bonus money , and win all the races . EA made a few feeble attempts to fix the many loopholes with patches but by the time they were aware of a problem the damage had been done and the hackers were on to bigger and better scams . EA is finally pulling the plug and abandoning Motor City August 29 , 2003 . Since this game is a ONLINE ONLY offering with no offline play at all , giving your money to EA for the CD is pointless.It was a great concept with lots of potential , but greed both inside the game and out -LRB- EA tends to put the bottom line of profit above all else when it comes to online games ... remember Air Warrior ? -RRB- turned Motor City into a ghost town in just over a year .
 The Game no longer supported . trying to steal from someone do n't be fooled this game will not Work.Fun when ea had it up and running they Dropped it.your buying a cd just for looks they should not allow this game to be sold ,
 I have no problems with the fees it is the issues with the game it self I have a system that exceeds the required min and have never been able to get it running . The mco message boards are full of people who ca n't ! I have been treated bad by EA tech support and they really do n't seem to care if you can actually play it or not !!! It is a complete waste of money !
 EA no longer has Motor city online . So if you are planning to play it . You better find a server to play it on first .
 This game was an online only game and EA killed it because not enough people wanted to pay 10 $ a month to play it . It was an awesome game when it was playable . but it is nothing but a doorstop now.THIS GAME IS ONLY PLAYABLE ONLINE AND WAS KILLED . YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY THIS GAME .
 First of all there is nothing in the description of this product that says you are required to pay $ 9.99 a month to play !! You ca n't play unless you subscribe & then they say their rates can change at any time !! They also say this is a `` low '' user fee ?? Pretty hefty sum to play a game I bought ! My son is pretty disappointed . I 'm disappointed , too , with the false advertising . There 's a big difference in playing on-line & paying to play online . Unless you are willing to sign up via credit card & fork away $ 10.00 a month to play this game , find something else !
 As if you could write software to make everyone happy . MCO does n't even make some happy . When you log on expect to be called -LSB- rude -RSB- names or and to have your car stolen and if you race the clock for cash its the same track 5 minutes of time over and -LRB- ... -RRB- over.AVOID THIS one .
 MY 12 year old son wanted this game , he spent 2 months allowance -LRB- 40.00 -RRB- to buy it only to find out that it would cost him another 9.99 a month to play.Since we already opened the box we could n't take it back so now he 's stuck with a 40 game he can only use for 30 days -LRB- the free trial -RRB- No where in the instructions does it say it costs actually it says set up your free account . I finally found in very small print on the back of the box that there is a SMALL monthly fee , to a kid 9.99 is not a small fee.That 's fine is they charge but they should make that perfectly clear like in big letters on the front of the box . I was really disappointed because he did really like the game . I wrote to EA game hoping that maybe they would reinburse his money but I 'm not holding my breath . So unless you 're willing to pay the fee do n't buy it .
 I participated in the Motor City Online -LRB- MCO -RRB- beta after it was opened to the public and I was actually impressed by what I saw . To me , the game 's goal of re-creating online the height of American car culture 's golden age just might be possible.However , Electronic Arts shipped the game before it was finished , as is the point of view of many of it 's testers , including myself.There was so much yet to be added to the game , not just cars and tracks , but new features and anti-cheating measures that were not put in . And on top of that , EA ended their EA.com Platinum Service so playing MCO wo n't be included in a monthly fee which included Majestic and Multiplayer Battletech -LRB- R.I.P. -RRB- And you also needed to get a separate username and password to use MCO as well.So MCO does have a lot of potential , but I 'm afraid that 's all it will have , locked into this state of unfinishedness . -LRB- At launch , anyway . -RRB- But I 'm still looking forward to Maxis ' The Sims Online and Westwood 's Earth and Beyond .
 Do not buy this product unless you wish to pay -LRB- the cost -RRB- per year in service fees for `` online '' play which is the only mode the game will function . I could not even install it because I would not provice EA.com with my credit card so they could start the service contract and billing me in my sleep .
 After buying the game you 'll be paying ten bucks a month to play it and the learning curve will be long - very long , just the way EA intended . If you want to race , and not spend years earning money to buy parts , in order to be competitive - look elsewhere . The beta-testers may love it - they played for free for months and learned the game but I 'd rather have an even playing field when I do my on-line battles and I 'll pass on the role playing aspect too .
 This game was fun at first , but then it got repetitive , boring and dull . The beta testers all have the nice cars , and as a newbie it will take you ages to be able to afford anything decent . Plus it 's just like the Need for Speed games , which I have never liked . The initial price of the game is just like any other computer game , but then you have to also pay each month to continue playing ! There is no offline single player mode , so you either pay or you do n't play . For the initial price it 's worth it , but when you add on the monthly fee it 's definately not . Needless to say I wo n't be buying another EA computer game for a LONG while . Do n't waste your time and money on this game unless you absolutely love classic cars and do n't mind wasting money each month to play a game that is mediocre at best .
 I was disappointed when I received this game . It is no longer available on EA Games and you have to pay to play using a credit card . I feel that this game is outdated .
 This was an exceptionally bad game . The only good part is watching Michael Owen bloody screw up time and time again . He too is rubbish . Not even close the to talents of Thierry Henry or Kevin Phillips for that matter . Do n't buy this garbage .
 Nothing beats FIFA 99 . Since then its just been bells and whistles , culminating in the awful FIFA 2001 . FIFA 2002 has little to recommend itself to hardcore players , although it may hook the novelty-seeking , cash-rich , hype-adoring fans who crave the upgrade.Stick with the old . EA Sports , why do n't you try and bring us other games like field hockey or water-polo or street soccer or polo .
 Why ca n't we finally get a defintive FIFA game ? This game is loaded with problems .1 . Teams ... Yeah , I know that there are hundreds of club teams , but in `` 1998 Road to the World Cup , '' EA sports managed to include EVERY team in the qualifying rounds . They even had the names of all they players ! You could even play Puerto Rico vs. Domincan Republic . Now , the African and Oceania groups are AWOL , and many players names are represented by numbers .2 . Stadiums ... Only five ! In `` 1998 , '' there was stadiums from all over the world with intro videos to the country . Match-ups between smaller teams had smaller crowds . It was much more realistic to use the `` Trinidad & Tobago '' stadium when using smaller clubs . I just ca n't play MLS games in `` 2002 '' in front of 80,000 fans . It just does n't seem believable . Plus , you do n't have a consistent stadium for your `` home '' club games .3 . AIUnfair and unrealistic . You have a choice
 The World Cup is on TV . The US National team is playing well , and I really wanted a good soccer game to quench my thirst for the World 's game . This is not that game . I could tell you how beautiful the animations are -LRB- they are lovely -RRB- . I could fill you in on how much I like the commentary -LRB- much better than Madden -RRB- . I could let you know how crisp the stadiums are and how easy the management tools can be , but that would be pointless . The ugly truth is that soccer is a sport , sports are by nature quick and unforgiving , this game does its best to frustrate you by making precise control of your players impossible . The passing is , while simple , a grotesque piece of rubbish . The movements of your players are taken over by the computer while the ball is in the air , so you 're constantly out of position -LRB- I still have n't figured out the logic behind this -RRB- . All in all it makes a mockery of the game . FIFA 2002 for the PC is a lot like a vacuous super model ... it 's pretty to look at but empty inside . Not worth a dime .
 I am truly deeply disspointed by EA sports . I have played all the EA sport soccer games since fifa 96 . However , I am more often dissapointed than satisfied with their games . Here are two big issues : First of all , this game is created by a bunch of people who never play soccer . The game is soooo unrealistic . Soccer is a team sport , but the game shows nothing about it . The best you can do is to get a fast forward to outrun all the defenders and shoot before the goal , skill does n't matter at all . These are most common goals in all fifa games , boring ! Or like in fifa 2001 , you can have a fast forward to bring the ball towards the endline and then cross a volley to the middle and another forward can then head it home . It works every time , but still boring . In reality there are a thousand ways to score a goal , but in the game , you can left with only one way or two . You can never do things like in real soccer . Your teammates never run to open space or create open space at all while you control the ball . Your defenders fall for long ball + the fast forwards controlled by the computer every time . I ca n't help wondering , how can a game , which has more than 6 years of history , still leave so many things to be desired ?! Secondly , there is no consistency in their different editions . Game control is different every time ! Take a look at the FPS -LRB- first-person shooting games -RRB- world , now even different games have almost the same controls . I just do n't understand why for the same game , the control has to be changed every time !!! Secondly , a later edition might throw away all the features of previous editions , whether good or bad ! Take a look at this simple example . Before fifa 2001 , if a player was hit very hard by a ball in the close range , he would behave as if nothing had happened . Of course this is ridiculous and computer opponent could utilize this `` feature '' to score like hell . Fortunately in fifa 2001 , they corrected it . But now in fifa 2002 , it 's back to before again ! Hellooo , is this game developed by two different sets of people or what ?! I do n't play other sport games created by EA sport , so I do n't know how they do in those sports . But as far as soccer is concerned , they 'd better quit and leave the game development to some better developers . I just ca n't stand them any more .
 Impossible to play in `` professional '' and boring in `` amateur '' . I have n't even tried to play in `` world class '' . Why ca n't they bring back good FIFA 's , like the 98 one . As usual , no stadium select , plus like 120 bugs . I hope this reviews help EA managers to change everything , specially GAMEPLAY .
 I have n't actually played this game ! I bought it , installed it on my laptop -LRB- compaq presario 1700 , windows me -RRB- and I ca n't run it , I get a weird error . So I contact customer support who tell me to check my device drivers , which I do , and still the same problem . They tell me they ca n't help me , because it 's a laptop . I decide to install the game on my work pc running windows2000professional , and I get a different error ! Well , that was not much fun . I think I will get fifa2001 as it gets much better reviews here than this version anyway -- I just wish I read these reviews before buying the game .
 I would love this game , if it was ever shipped . It has taken over a month , and I still have n't got it . Bad news , I guess.I hope I 'll enjoy it when I get it .
 My main grudge against the game is AI that is n't playing by the same rules as a human player . Almost any pass AI makes is on target , so the new revolutionary passing system is nothing more but a AI cheat . AI defenders always run as fast as my strikers even if their speed rating is twice less . Marking is unheard of , my defenders stand around like dummies and would n't even attempt to make a tackle on their own . Defending against the corners is impossible -LRB- again what happened to marking of FIFA 2001 ?? -RRB- , as well as free kicks , and so on . This list can go on forever.Don ' t buy this game , unless of course you like playing a cheating AI .
 Here is why this game was very disappointed to me :1 . Killer graphics only from close shots , if you play the game using tower or panoramic camera which I use so I can see more playground you 'll see very poor graphics .2 . They say `` PASS WITH POWER AND ACCURACY '' , every time I pass the ball do n't go any more to the player I inteded to like FIFA2001 , I do n't see any accuracy in the new passing system . Also I do n't see any fun of that pressing the button 1 ms more will make your pass or shoot very strong !! 3 . The stupid auto replay system in FIFA2002 is auto replaying every single foul or offside or anytime the game stops , in FIFA2001 it was replaying only the goals .4 . They have almost all Asian teams and they added teams that are really very very weak , while they added only 4 or 5 teams from Africa !! Where is Egypt , Senigal , Algeria , Zambia , and others ? I think they 're much stronger than Nipal and India !! After playing this game for few days I uninstalled it and reinstalled FIFA2001 , it 's much much better game . I really regret buying this game and thinking seriously of selling it online as used game : -LRB-
 I bought the game bundled in best of EA Sports 2002 . The good news is I got 4 games for a better price than individual . The bad news I got stuck with a bad FIFA game.The minimum requirements are 200 MHz system . But be warned this game WILL NOT WORK for systems about 2 GHz . This has also been confirmed by customer service at EA Sports . That means if you have a fast system this game will not work . The good news is that the other 2002 games do not have this issue .
 I took special care to make sure my PC meets the recomended requirements to run this game on outside of box . Everytime I would get to the analizing screen that appears B/4 the game loads my PC would freeze up , and I would have to reset my PC ? E/A support offered nothing more than throwing the problem to my grphics card Company . I spent hours trying every differant setting possible to make this game run , I never was able to make it work . The retailer where I purchased it would not let me return it and would not even let me exchange it for a differant game instead they gave me another copy of the same game saying it may have been a bad burn ? Not so , same exact problm all over again ! My system far exceeds the recomended requirements on the outside of box . My system is a Pentium III 750MHZ 256MB RAM ATI RADEON 32MB Graphics DirectX 8.0 Windows Me O/S . So unless you have a more powerful stystem and a grphics card with 64MB mem . I would stay far away from this . Iam now stuck with a $ ... coster . They dont tell you on the outside of the box that you may have to spend hours updating drivers to make the game work . No E/A product ever again !
 For a company who puts out one of the best driving games -LRB- Need for speed -RRB- This one blows ! It has all the cars and drivers but none of the action !
 I have n't even been able to play F1 2001 becuase of everything that needs to be turned off in order to play it . We have to MANUALLY turn off all background operations , which takes 5 minutes - at least . Then you have to reboot the computer and reset everything . I got it as a birthday gift , but I do n't think it 's worth all the trouble to play it . I gave it 1-star rating because right now , I do n't think very much of it , and I do n't think I will . If I could give it less , I would . As for Amazon.com , who do n't say ANYTHING about everything you have to do , I give them 1/2 a star - if even that .
 Just a few things that one should know about this game before buying it.If one is used to calibrating one 's controllers for the best possible feel and use , with this game you can not . This game inexplicably does not give one any calibration options . At what ever level the game deems to be the maximum braking effort , that is what you get . I can literally stand on my brakes on not get them to lock up . At the three tracks that I tried I had to consistently begin breaking at the first brake marker . In other Formula One sims that I have played , I can brake very late and still make the corners.The implementation of force feedback is probably the worst thing about this game . It feels as though the car was straddling two ditches . It pulls -LRB- hard -RRB- and steers to the right , then when you adjust the wheel slightly it pulls -LRB- hard -RRB- and steers to the left . One ends up on the straights darting left and right trying to control the wheels . The cars are absolutely uncontrollable using force feedback!About the only thing good about the game is the accuracy of the tracks . They seem to match yard for yard the tracks as shown on television.So as other reviewers have said , save your money for GP 4 or just about any other driving simulation .
 this game rocks ! not!hella bad graphics and too expensivedont buy it !
 Its really not worth your money . After you play the first stage , you will be amazed how beautiful and creative people from Westwood studios are . But after the second , third stage , you will realize that there 's no point to beat this game . Ackward graphics , repetitive and boring . And its slow too . I 'm sure that people who give this game 5 star is just playing the first stage only . WARNING
 This game is truely a disappointment . Support from Westwood is nearly impossible to get . The game is still full of bugs after 4 months and 2 patches .
 I cant believe how -LSB- bad -RSB- this game is ! I was really disappointed in Westwood with this game . It doesnt flow at all . I have Geforce 4 card and a decent system but for some reason the play back on the in game movies is very choppy . Only game I own that does that . The AI is horrible , sound is below average and the choppyness of the movie editing is jaring . The enviorments are very sparse and lack a lot of detail . I love Red Alert 2 and Tiberian Sun was good too , but Westwood really did a bad job with this one . Im surprised on how it got this many good reviews on Amazon . If you like RTCW and Medal of Honor DONT BUY THIS GAME ! Those games are WAY better . Ill play them over and over , but this one I wont even finish . I sell it or something . Its just that bad .
 The single player is great but the multiplayer is over run with CHEATER 's , and westwood has n't updated it but once and that wus a month after it came out so do n't get your hopes up this wus a real disappointment for all you multiplayers out there who hate CHEATERS ...
 Well ... how do I sum this up ?? I could give it a one-word review . . ... or I could go into a little more detail.I went to my local games shop one day with my hard earned ... and had a scan of the shelves , and BANG . . It hit me !! The colourfull front cover with an intruding burly bloke looking at me . The only way I can Justify myself buying this heap of elephant poo , is that I was disorientated by the over colorful cover , or by the shiny cling film that it was wrapped in.Well i ask myself now , why did i have to open that cling film?This game ... in every aspect.Gameplay
 your mom ... . could beat this ... . your mom is easy
 I wrote a review a while ago about this game saying how it was going to be bad because this game is definetely eye candy -LRB- if u could even call it that -RRB- . I just played the multiplayer demo yesterday , and it was highly dissapointing ... the game has so many bugs i cant describe them all ... but here are a few :1 . VERY LAGGY2 . CA N't HAVE 5 GUNS AT A TIME . MAXIMUM OF 33 . CA N't BIND SOME OF THE CONTROLLS TO THE KKEYS THAT U WANT -LRB- EXAMPLE
 This is a complete copy of Team fortress , and will be not even half as good . The graphics r demented , and somehow still have steep system requirements . This is a bunch of eye candy waiting for you to eat it and have it feel sweet to the taste , but then later you get cavities and digest it away . There is no good point in buying this game , even tho the other c & c games r great and i love them ...
 Hm ... When I first bought Renegade , I was expecting something to rival Halo -LRB- the best shooting game in the world -RRB- , but instead , I was met with a pile of crud . Although its good qualities include that its so creative and that the multiplayer is exquisite -LRB- because online , there 's an excuse for choppiness ! -RRB- On single player , the missions are boring , long and frustrating in which all you do is shoot Nod soldiers and move . The weapons function oddly as well . Pressing ` R ' to reload commonly makes your weapon reload two or three times and then shoot continuously , wasting your new clip anyway ! Guns become weak in multiplayer and base defenses make it nearly impossible to infiltrate an enemy base . The choppiness I mentioned earlier is abundant in single player mode for no reason and the graphics look awful . The environments look as though poor children in sweat shops built them out of milk cartons in a country that had never seen milk cartons before ! You also can adjust the graphics , but it makes the game ridiculously slow and choppy . Westwood sure spent its time making this ` crap-in-a-box ' game , but the three years of programming seemed to have done nothing . The original screen shots from 1998 looked better than it does now . I just ca n't understand it . If you 're looking for a game to be disappointed with , plop down 5000 lonesome soldiers for Renegade and get a good laugh at its thousands of problems .
 I was appalled at the look of this game.I have been playing for about 6 hours now , and I ca n't believe that this game was made in the last 2 years.The graphics are lame , and the confusing layouts of the levels leave much to be desired.The Enemy AI is weak , almost embarrassing at times.I tried , but could not connect to an online multi-player game , but I can tell already that it will be nowhere as fun or pretty as Tribes 2 is.Tribes 2 , a game that was released about a year before this title , makes this game look like a bunch of brain damaged monkeys made it.I LOVED the C&C ; games , and still play from time to time , even if Red Alert had some ramping issues.I think that it is a shame that so many people will buy this game , and think that this is the best that current 3-d shooters have to offer.Pass on this , and take a look at Medal of Honor Allied Assault for a great single player game , or Tribes 2 for on-line multi-player fun.Westwood should be embarrassed that this title shipped looking the way it does .
 first of all , i 'm a huge fan of the command & conquer games . i have every one of them -LRB- except this one -RRB- . . red alert 2
 The game has potential , in fact it is fun to play but ... It is one of the most frustrating games I have ever played.When you are killed you flash to a screen that askes if you want to load or quit . Hit load and after 40 seconds you flash to another screen that asks you what game you want to load . Click on the one you are playing and in another 40 seconds it loads . I 'm running a high end machine and I find this interface between loads to be a lot like a bad commercial during a good movie . It has also locked up my computer several times and frequently crashed back to the desktop . With all of the good shooters out now , I wish I would have waited another month and bought it when it goes on sale ...
 i was really disappointed with c & c 's newest release . Although i am not one of those fanatical C&C fans , i do love first person shooters -LRB- fps -RRB- . The AI is the most horrible i 've ever seen in a fps , and i 've played a lot of games . The characters look like boxes , Havoc 's personality is a cardboard cutout , the script and story line is hilariously bad , and Havoc 's lines are corny . Most of all , both the single player and multiplayer are desperately below par . The single player was much too short , the bosses are too easy to kill , and the scenery is atrocious . The multiplayer is just as bad , since the base defences are much too difficult to bypass and you can only carry one weapon at a time . Westwood truly disappointed me with this game , i thought they were capable of a more thought out and prepared game . If you are going to spend -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on a game , spend in on Max Payne or Return to Castle Wolfenstein . Unless you 're a diehard C&C fan , this one probably is n't for you .
 NOT worth the money ! Not a Sim . not even a good arcade Game . What a shame , good to great in special effects -LRB- Bombs , etc. -RRB- but to high in hardware needed for this type of game . Even the old Apache is way better in game play . Wait a year or so and get it for a song , even an out of tune one . Do n't buy it at full or even half price !!!!
 This game is just a remake of Comanche in a new box . The only thing new is new missions . The graphics are not updated and overall was very disappointing .
 I bought this game expecting something similar in quality to Novalogic 's `` Delta Force LandWarrior '' game . What I got was a system-devouring , buggy crash-fest . The game installed without incident , and I played the first mission without too much consternation -LRB- why does the mission suddenly stop when most of the bad guys are down ? No mopping up allowed ? I took off from the base , ca n't I find my way back and land ? -RRB- but the next mission had too many tanks or planes I guess.At first , the game turned into `` Commanche 4
 The game looks very good for gamers that like to play on settings of very hard . Unfortunately , I am not that good . Because there are not 5 difficulty levels from very easy to very hard and even on the `` Easy '' setting I can not get through the missions I am unable to play the game .
 ... or you dont even get started ... i waited a while for this game and was excited when i got it but surprice ... no way to run the game with a exotic or low end graphic card ... the minimum requirements for this game are high and this doesnt mean fun when you got them ... stick with the recommended requirements and you get alot fun out of the game ... fact is i have now a game to sell because im not going to update my computer for $ 300 or more to play a $ 40 game
 I love games and had anticipated the purchase of a helicopter sim for some time . Unfortunately , Comanche4 was a poor choice . Despite the claim that Comanche4 is compatable -LRB- and supported -RRB- with XP and GeForce2 cards , this game has not worked once . It crashes every time when loading . This is despite updated drivers . Other games , including other sims , work flawlessly on my system.Novalogic Support was less than helpful . I emailed all system information including the fact that I have updated XP compatable drivers for video and audio . I waited 8 days for a reply . What was the reply ? `` Make sure that you have updated compatable drivers . '' A poor experience made even worse.I sent them a response reminding them that I had initially informed them that updated and compatable drivers were in place , and that their response had n't helped . It has been 12 days , and still no reply from Novalogic Support.Advice ? Buy another game and save yourself some disappointment . If the other game is a Novalogic product , do n't be surprised if support is poor for any problems you experience.Happy Gaming !
 I was originally disappointed by the low fidelity of this as a simulator . Having flight experience in real helicopters , I was hoping for a lot more realism . My first few minutes of the game were a great disappointment as I realized that all of the aerodynamics that make a helicopter tricky to fly -LRB- but extremely fun -RRB- are not replicated in this game . Also , I could not find any way to aim the gun manually without moving the whole helicopter . Most combat helos are able to move a turret without the necessity of moving the craft.As a game it is great . After my initial shock of not being able to boost the realism , I sat back and decided to enjoy it with the mindset of playing an arcade . It is much more fun to play if I think of it that way .
 I have never gotten this game to function with my video card . After a mission loads , the game crashes every time . According to technical support , this game is prone to do this with many video cards with a TV out , and hat they 're developing a patch to fix this . It 's been almost a year and no patch has appeared .
 This would be a great game if it had a very easy level of difficulty . The Easy setting is still far too difficult so that I can not finish the missions . There also are some minor problems with some of the graphics flickering at times . If these were fixed I would rate it 5 stars .
 This game was too similar to it 's predecessor . Plus , the images on the screen were blurry and jumpy . The game itself was OK but not really new . I disguarded it after trying it several times .
 I bought two of these and two Wavebirds at the same time . As a family we have spent maybe 20 hours or so using all four units and the wavebirds are holding up much better . The biggest problems are sticking buttons and battery holders that keep falling off . I 'll be heading out to replace the two Pelicans with two more Wavebirds .
 We have had these 2 or three weeks . We bought two at once so I could play with my son . Both of them are on the blink . The biggest issues is the joy stick controller . When new , the joy stick will produce movement in eight positions . One of them is down to producing movement in only 6 directions . No fun ! They eat batteries . Maybe every 12 hrs of play . Somestimes , without warning , your character will start moving with the joystick in the neutral position . The only way to fix it is to take the batteries out . We have two units . Sometimes , one controler will move two characters . We are going to give wavebird a try .
 The accuracy on this thing is horrible . I only use it when I really need to because its so bad . You can click one direction with the joystick and when you let off it will send your character back in the other direction . Its almost impossible to do things that require lining something up or going in a precise direction . I would NOT recommend this controller to anyone .
 its terrible , it moves your character to the left all the time when u are n't touching any thing . the anologe stick sucks . it moves your character 4 no reason . all my friends hate it , i hate it . it also had a bad grip . i would rather use a wire controller .
 I bought two of these controllers and within a couple weeks , both we'e having problems . Both controllers would almost always go to the left . I would be trying to move right , or stand still , but my character in game kept going to the left . As you can imagine , it 's hard to aim this way . After a little more use , you ca n't turn left at all , it just quits working . Keep in mind I bought two different controllers at different times , and they both had the same problem , and they lasted about the same amount of time . My recommendation , find a wired official controller , I 've never had any problems with those kind of controllers . The only reason I got a wireless in the first place is because I gave my cousin my gamecube , and I wanted to play my other gamecube games on my wii .
 Bought two at wal-mart to use with the Wii . They do work with it , but very soon after I bought them the analog sticks began to stick in one direction , and they occasionally ` lock up ' and need the batteries reseated to work again . Now one controller wo n't even move in one direction.Junk .
 I bought the black version of this product at Wal-Mart roughly two months ago to replace a wired controller that had worked for me perfectly for a good two years . The wireless controller worked fine for about a month and a half , but now it tends to move the character to the left , even when you 're not touching the analog stick . It makes it impossible for me to replay Metroid Prime properly.Avoid this at all costs . Huge money waster .
 I 've bought two of these controllers in the last month , and while they are fantastic for the first day or two , they have both ceased working properly with very minimal use . The analog sticks on these things are simply defective , as they will not remain in a neutral position after a few days . It should not be legal for these to be sold without the word `` disposable '' on the package , because I guarantee that you will have to replace the controller before you have to replace the batteries . DO NOT BUY THIS , and if you have already been burned by this company , please spread the word and discourage this kind of terrible product from emerging in the future .
 one week after I the controller was supposed to arrive I got an email from the vendor saying that they were sold out .
 After only one week the analogue stick started messing up . Your character would move on his own or if you were in a menu screen it would move your cursor to the left when you were n't even touching it . Also this controller never felt comfortable in my hands and I do n't have unusually small hands or anything . Anyway I took it back and got the Wavebird instead . Much better ! Well worth the few extra dollars !
 I bought this controller along with Super Smash Bros and Mario Cart for GC , and I could n't get anything to work . None of the games , and none of the Virtual Console games , worked with this thing . DO NOT BUY .
 This is one of the worst generic controllers by far , I remember I purchased this controller the first time in black and the second time in purple and I only bought it because it was cheaper than the original Wavebird by Nintendo . But as soon as I got my hands on this controller and played games with it within 5 minutes of playing my had started to hurt . All I remember while I played with this controller was a section in the precautions section of a Gamecube manual I remember I read somewhere in the that section it was recommended to buy other nintendo products such as nintendo controllers and accessories to get the full experience . Also to look for the official the Nintendo Seal on products . Well , anyway the store I bought it from the owner told me he had one left at first I was excited because I wrongfully assumed at the time it was a Nintendo Brand and instead it was this pelican brand which is a generic . I do not like this controller the only thing cool about it is the two Z buttons otherwise I do not recommend this controller for anyone who likes to collect Nintendo merchandise and memorabilia as well as game system accessories etc. . I only recommend this controller to anyone who ca n't afford the First party brand and I do have one piece of advise to those who would rather pay a cheaper price make sure you be careful while you are playing games as this will cause hand injuries so unless you have a special pair of glove to protect your hands , otherwise just be careful and be attentive and stop playing if your hand starts to hurt . Otherwise if you save the extra money to buy the first party brand believe me its worth it but it is not worth it to buy this Generic brand !
 I owned the Pelican G3 model that pre-dated this for quite awhile , and was totally and completely satisfied.However , I read that there was a new model that included rumble , and took a flyer on purchasing one . I ended up disappointed.First off , the model you receive may or may not be the model that has rumble support , but probably will not be . Secondly , this particular controller has a serious problem staying calibrated . The control stick is defaulting slightly right , which causes massive problems with gameplay . With no way to manually calibrate or reset , you 're pretty well stuck.I 'm chalking it up to an error in judgment on my part and looking for a new wireless Gamecube controller .
 This controller started messing up on me less than 2 days after opening the package . As a previous reviewer stated , the analog stick messes up and your character goes places that you do n't intend to take him . This is very unfortunate while playing Smash Brothers on Wii . It is also unfortunate that I got rid of the packaging so I am unable to return it and am forever stuck with this $ 20 boomerang .
 I bought black versions of these from walmart . So far , they work . No problems like I had with the Madcatz/Gamestop wireless controllers . However , these things just feel awful in my hands . These controllers are too big and awkward in my hands . I do n't have small hands either . They feel pretty rugged though .
 I bought three of these for my son a year ago for Christmas and now we are down to one . As others have indicated , the accuracy is horrible compared to other wireless controllers and two of my three did n't even last a week before the battery compartment doors started falling off . In the end , two of the three died because the plug came out of the back of the transmitter taking one of the wires with it . These controllers even feel cheap to the touch and are the least substantial of any controllers I have used . On the plus side , I have found the batteries last forever in these things . The G3 controller is for anyone who enjoys sticky keys , faulty battery doors , and inferior junk . If you have someone on your Christmas list who gave you a fruitcake last year and you want to settle the score , buy them these controllers !!!
 The controller 's faceplate was broken and had food grime stuck on it . I contacted the seller who apologized and reimbursed me .
 Very diappointed that this did n't work with Windows Vista . My own fault , I just `` assumed '' it would when I bought it . Now it sits , open and unsuable , in my drawer . Learned my lesson !
 Really hoped that this would be a fun game for my 6YO son but , alas , I could n't get it to load and run on my PC . Tried all of the tricks that I found on-line from similar frustrated purchasers but ultimately could not get it to run . My son was -LRB- and still is -RRB- disappointed .
 I gave it one star because the program is always crashing on my Playstation 3 , causing me to lose my profile each time . I have since been in touch with the third-party seller and they have agreed to replace my defective software . Judging from what I have been able to experience with the actual characteristics of the game , it 's potentially a 4-5 star game -LRB- if the replaced software is not defective -RRB- .
 I received the box completely closed and sealed . But the box was empty inside ... only the manual and no cd !!!
 We gave it only 1 star , but we did n't even play the game . It seemed to install just fine but when we tried to run it we kept getting an error message to insert the proper CD and run the program again . We installed the online patch to no avail . After a long internet search and consulting with a computer gaming savvy coworker we discovered that this disk was most likely a bootleg copy and Windows would not allow it to run because it could not pass the copywrite screen upon launch . Thankfully Amazon allowed us to return it without an issue . Thank you , Amazon !
 This order was received 2 days later than the date on the emails that I received pertaining to delivery date . The game was in French not English and when I attempted to return it , I was informed the date for doing so had passed .
 i thought this game was quite bad compared to what 989 usually produces . i have seen much betted games that this out on the market such as fifa 2001 , tony hawk pro skater 2 . and quite frankley this game was horribble , if you want a good game get nhl 2001
 Here we have yet another in a long line of half-hearted attempts by 989 studios . Sony just can not make good sports games , as we have seen in pretty much every version of X-games , Faceoff , MLB , and NBA . It 's obvious they take all , and by ` all ' I mean ALL , their ideas from EA Sports , leaving the originality and innovation up to someone else , as usual . Stick with the original and best hockey available , EA Sports NHL 2001 . Heck , NHL '94 on my Genesis is more fun than this .
 I recently played NHL Faceoff 2001 , and was sadly disappointed by what I saw . The gameplay is basically the same , and the season option is n't worth anything . One season ? What can you do in just one season . Like I said , the gameplay is basically the same , but unfortunately not improved . trading players is nearly impossible , and once you do figuer out the puzzle , the other team opposes it most of the time . If you want to play a REAL hockey game , try NHL 2001 .
 I see why Disney dont make as many alladin games . They suck . The best one was for sega that was titled alladin . I purchased this thinking I was about to have fun . Pure disappointment . The sega game had better graphics . Cmon ps1
 Let me say that I love trivia games , and I still love watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire on the tube . As for the playstation game though I have to say this . First of all the game has a very limmited variety of questions that start to repeat after only a few plays of the game making it bore to play after only a couple of days . Number two , this game could not load more slowly from question to question , its like sitting and waiting for your death . I can get a right answer and wait a full minute untill Regis is reading the next question , its just so slow you will want to scream . My advice , watch this one on the tube , leave the playstation game alone though . Try You Dont Know Jack on your computer or Playstation instead . Its a better triva game suited for at home play with pals .
 First of all , I do n't know why this game has a 2 player option . Two people face off and only 1 person gets to play the game really . Some of the face off questions are so ridiculously hard that you will be guessing for a long time and the game will keep on telling you to try again and again before ending the game . It wo n't even give you the right answer at the end !! You should have the option to pass to a new question for the faceoff.In the game , now this is where the playstation is showing it 's age . The loading speed is VERY ANNOYING . The questions are repetitive after awhile . The phone a friend dialogues are amazingly cool and funny . Regis adds a few wise cracks and you got a less than average game . Not worth buying but go for a rental .
 I had high hopes for the game . While others mention the lack of questions and the slowness of the game , I was more concerned about the overall feel of the game . This game seems to have been rushed out and is not as polished as it could be . While Regis ' voiceovers are OK , as is the phone a friend , the game is played mostly in silence . Regis does n't even read the questions out loud . If he did then I could forgive the game for having only 600 questions . More full motion video of Regis would have been nice also . In addition , having only 30 seconds to answer is extremely limiting . On the TV show there is no time limit , so why in the world impose one here ? Just as you begin to talk yourself through the answer the time is up ! It would be less stressful if I was actually in the hot seat itself !
 you get the same questions , over and over ... it 's fine the first few times , but then you know all the answers ... AND IT 'S SLOWWWW !
 This game is a lot of fun and addictive . The loading time is not all the bad for the Playstation . However , there is one major flaw that takes the enjoyment away
 This game is fun the first few times , it is real slow to play but is ok for awhile , but after about 5 games you start to see repeat questions and that just ...
 Normally i give a movie an extra star or 2 just because kates super fine butt is in it ... . but THIS movie is a low production , not even a 1 star , garbage film ... a waste of my money ... . iM SURPRISED SHE WAS EVEN IN IT
 I was really psyched to see this movie , the promos made it look so thrilling . I had to force myself to watch it , it was that bad . I still do n't understand it . I ca n't believe people are giving this tripe good reviews . I ca n't believe that Luke & Kate agreed to star in this unbelievably bad movie .
 Title says it all . It 's really sad that Kate Beckinsale would degrade herself by appearing in this voyeuristic tripe . And if the film is not enough , the DVD includes extended snuff scenes for your viewing pleasure . Entirely predictable , no twists that could n't be seen a mile away , a complete rip off of far , far better films.The highway was n't the only thing they left to find themselves at this motel
 From the acting , direction , suspense factor , etc. to the ending . A completely unsatisfying movie and a waste of time . A completely predictable movie . The title of the movie is what my room should have been when I decided to watched this movie . See `` Disturbia '' instead .
 What happens when a couple 's car breaks down on a deserted back road ? Do they stand around and argue , or walk back a few miles and stay at the empty-looking hotel with the friendly mechanic -LRB- who happens to be Ethan Embry in the weirdest out-of-character role since Anne Hathaway in Havoc -RRB- ? Vacancy promises to answer these burning questions and more.Luke Wilson and Kate Beckinsale , both capable actors in their own right , do their best to create David and Amy Fox , a couple who lost a child , and are about to lose their marriage . We learn all about their marital problems in the longest expositional scene in recent history . After 20 minutes , when audiences are still waiting for something to happen , that 80 minute running time does n't feel as short as it originally did . By the time the couple 's car breaks down and they settle into the hotel room to begin the inevitable torturous night that the ads proclaim , the Foxes are lucky to still have an audience watching at all.Director Nimrod Antal received a great deal of praise for his Hungrian-made Kontroll , but in bringing his skills to the American screen , he 's lost something in translation . Though the camera work is mostly top-notch , despite some terrible framings on the opening car shots , Vacancy still lacks a good amount of punch . There 's no real drive behind the story . In a film that 's all about action , the action is glaringly absent . The only excitement to be found is in yelling at the main characters each time they do something else completely illogical . Audience members will find themselves shouting -LRB- again -RRB- `` No , do n't do THAT ! '' This is the kind of horror movie that was tired in the 60 's . 40 years later it 's beyond cliche.Vacancy is not a film for the faint of heart , but for the faint of mind . Pushing itself off as a Hitchcockian suspense thriller only serves to highlight the film 's shortcomings . In reality , Vacancy is more comparable to a side story Eli Roth might have left on the cutting room floor of Hostel II . As one producer says in the `` making of '' featurette , `` People do good things with cameras and people do horrible things with cameras . '' Ironically , Vacancy happens to be the latter .
 Let me get this straight . In this movie , Kate Beckinsale ... well , here 's the official synopsis : When David -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- and Amy Fox 's -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- car breaks down in the middle of nowhere , they are forced to spend the night at the only motel around ... until they discover hidden cameras aimed at them ... And the end result is ... a slasher movie ???? How can you mess up that concept ? I ca n't believe any director in Hollywood has never seen a `` Girls Gone Wild '' video .
 This movie is right up there with the hugest wastes of time in my life , and this is including ex-girlfriends . The `` scariest '' -LRB- note the quotations -RRB- part of this movie was ... get this ... someone knocking on a door -LRB- for no reason , of course -RRB- . And these two lame-o 's keep running into this room `` hiding '' from the bad guys when the bad guys could simply come in WHENEVER they wanted to , why do n't they ? YOU TELL ME , I guess cuz the movie would 've been 3 minutes long that way . Which might 've actually been entertaining . Oh , and Kate Beckinsell-out keeps her clothes on the entire movie which is a bummer cuz her acting blows . LONG LIVE JASON AND FREDDY !!!
 First of all , this movie is not the best there is , was , or ever will be , and that 's why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 out of a possible 5 . It was o.k at best . It stars Luke Wilson and Kate Bekinsale , and that 's it . Besides the killers there was n't anyone else in the whole entire film . They play a unhappily married couple on the verge of a divorce . One night they just so happen to break down and end up at a very disgusting , not to mention , rundown hotel . A hotel I 'm quite sure they wished they never would 've checked into . They end up putting in a video tape that shows numerous couples being tortured and brutally murdered by a group of sick individuals who obviously enjoy taping their tirades . Needless to say , in the exact same room they are standing in . Do n't get me wrong , it had it 's creepy moments , but it left me with too many unanswered questions . Who were these people ? What were they getting out of this ? I could 've understood it better if they were making snuff films for a profit . The million dollar question is . . Why were they doing this to those people ? I guess the most obvious reason is they were crazy , but still , an explanation would n't have hurt . I mean , every `` real '' slasher or killer has to have a motive and a story behind their insanity in order for me to be interested . It hate it when they just have a psycho running around stalking and killing people , but they do n't bother to explain anything , and that 's exactly what this movie did . Frankly , this movie was o.k , but I really ca n't imagine anybody being inspired to watch it much more than once .
 There was nothing in this movie that has n't been seen a thousand times before . Pretty much just take the plot of `` Psycho '' , a movie that 's over 40 years old , add some poorly conceived snuff elements , and one idiotic decision by the victims after another , and you have a movie that was released in January on purpose . Everyone I watched this with said `` grab the gun '' about 45 minutes before the dumb girl finally thought of it . On a side note , the addition of the snuff films as a bonus was in really bad taste . We fast forwarded through it and checked the timer , and they run for over 30 minutes . Is there a reason someone would want to sit through young girls being beaten , stripped naked and stabbed to death ? Only for sickos .
 ** No Spoilers ** Will the cheesy horror genre ever end ? Once again , we are dealing with a so called `` horror '' flick about a lost couple -- preferably sexy city people-in the middle of nowhere who are being watched by a bunch of evil guys . Amusingly , this time around , they have sophisticated video surveillance equipment . These foes come in different shapes and forms , but share one thing in common , they want to kill you slowly . This clich&eacute; genre is so played out that nothing will scare you anymore and unfortunately Vacancy is not an exception.Story : A dysfunctional married couple David Fox -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- and his wife Amy -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- are taking a nocturnal road trip to see some relatives -- apparently they are trying to hide their dying relationship . David decides to take a detour while Amy is asleep -- it 's not cool to upset her because she is depressed and with a chronic bad mood . They are lost now . As he is driving those dark backroads , a raccoon appears in the middle of the road . He pushes the breaks and off the road they go . Our little raccoon friend is unharmed , but their car seems to have a problem . They are fine , but keep driving anyways until they find an old gas station where the clerk helps him with the car and tells them to follow a specific road . They take off , fight some more , but after few minutes drive , the car breaks down again . Now both are tired and moody . What else is there to do ? It 's dark and late , so they decide to walk back to the gas station , but it appears empty . There is a motel next to the gas station and they decide to stay there for the night . They are about to experience the worst night of their lives.Review : Originality is something the horror genre needs desperately , pure and simple . Vacancy borrows heavily from dozens of other films . It has a promising beginning -- the first room scene has potential -- but then it jumps to survival mode way too fast and stays that way until the end . The cat and mouse game between the characters is very predictable as well . You do n't need to be a movie expert to figure out how the chase is going to end . Clich&eacute;s aside , neither suspense nor gore are found to keep the audience entertain . Sorry but cheap thrills or a guy chasing you wearing a plastic mask do not count.Vacancy has 2 good actors . I love Kate Beckinsale in Underworld -LRB- who would n't -RRB- where she is a sexy vampire fighting a wolf army . Unfortunately , in this `` room temperature '' film , she is reduced to a depressed and annoying character that either complains or cries too much . Her acting skills are limited here . On the other hand , Luke Wilson is the one who shines . He is a likable character and the hero of the day . The way he deals with the situation makes me think that he still loves his wife after all the fights and humiliations . It is strange how extreme situations bring people closer.The Verdict : Been there done that . Vacancy has a lot from other films but very little suspense and gore to keep the new generation of horror fans happy . Guys wearing masks and fake snuff films are not scary . Even the credits in the film is something to laugh about .
 The term cleche is not strong enough for this wan na be 90 's style slasher film . From the get go you could tell that the maried couple with merrital problems would end up going to some run down hotel which by chance would have a vacancy ... go figure ... and end up staying even though they had bad vibes about it . As the movie `` progressed '' the plot only got worse as did the acting . The only redeaming quality was the eye candy wife.When I was finished watching this movie that I saw for free , I was left with a feeling of utter dissapointment . I completley regret waisting my time and only wish I had a time machine so I could go back in time and bitch slap myself for even thinking about seeing such a piece of crap film !
 This was a horrible waste of my time . I am certainly glad I rented it through an online membership instead of even paying full rental price . Not for intelligent people -- you could predict everything that was going to happen . The really bad part was that they used a child 's death to tear the marriage apart and even hinted that it was the mother 's fault -- low , very low . So , unless you are the type of person like the sickos in the movie -LRB- demented -RRB- or you are of a pretty low intelligence level , pass on this one .
 For a major Hollywood film , this movie was pretty short . The hour and twenty minutes watching this film felt more like two hours . It had a good idea-couple gets side tracked and need a place to stay for the night . They find a hotel ; They enter it and a woman is screaming her lungs out . Yet , they stay anyways . The manager is a pyscho ala Norman Bates , who with a few other guys , kills the guests and makes snuff films of it to sell to some people . It does sound like a heck of a film , if it was made by someone else . Probably better as a straight to dvd horror film . This one felt too restrained and by the books . They didnt go out of the way to do anything speical , but I did like what happened towards the end . Overall , if you like straight up Hollywood horror film check this out.Hollywood Horror-Pictures made for release in theaters to the public . Semi big names , mostly teen actors who are hot at the moment , and alot of them lately are PG-13 movies . They will come out as unrated with scary stuff or so they claim .
 I did not like this movie at all ; it was predictable and weak . No plot twists , nothing really scary .
 Go back to the drawing board , not worth it , not scary , exciting , or even suspenseful , it bombed in theaters and has bombed as a DVD .
 2007 's Vacancy is so bad , it goes far beyond the stretch of imaginative words one can use to describe in no uncertain terms , how truly horrible a film can actually be . The accolades that some reviewers give this , makes me cringe with fright to fully comprehend that another breathing , living human being actually thought this was worth any iota of time to even consider this more than a one star rating . The understanding that two people in a hotel who find a vhs tape with other people getting mauled in the same room was rather chilling , but the reactions by the two leads , played sophmorically horrific by Kate Beckinsale and the inate and pathetic Luke Wilson , are enough to make anyone cringe at an audition for even a Tide commercial in the big city . Luke Wilson is a two-bit pirate of a non talent , and this movie in of itself , showed the very coinage of his capacity to actually care whether or not he brings life , beliveability and cohesion to a role , which is anything but that . I know 10 year olds in acting classes that would have had a more surreal and natural response to being in a hotel room that CLEARLY was a cocoon for rampid killings , and they , both Kate and Luke look at each other , as in some sketch comedy routine -LRB- perhaps Monty Python -RRB- with their hands on their cheeks wondering , ` oh my Luke , oh golly gee oh darn , what shall we do , where shall we go ... '' How about the $ ^ $ ^ $ door for starters , instead of sitting around both looking like lemmings getting carted off to your three hour med cycle.Vacancy ca n't deliver , because it has no ensemble to tease us with . The premise is rather unique and mundane at the same time , however the fact of two people getting chased around a hotel room in the middle of a city God forgot , and hopping from different rooms to different rooms , while many extras , and gophers bang on various items or the doors , is NOT creepy , not scary , and not in the least warranted to be anything that an ill attempt at trying to cash in on the Saw series , and ones like it.Vacancy is for patrons of ill repute watering holes , who have nothing better to do with their time , then spend their two hours on mediocre acting , without a fresh twist , plot or cliffhanger . Absolutely sad .
 2007 's Vacancy is so bad , it goes far beyond the stretch of imaginative words one can use to describe in no uncertain terms , how truly horrible a film can actually be . The accolades that some reviewers give this , makes me cringe with fright to fully comprehend that another breathing , living human being actually thought this was worth any iota of time to even consider this more than a one star rating . The understanding that two people in a hotel who find a vhs tape with other people getting mauled in the same room was rather chilling , but the reactions by the two leads , played sophmorically horrific by Kate Beckinsale and the inate and pathetic Luke Wilson , are enough to make anyone cringe at an audition for even a Tide commercial in the big city . Luke Wilson is a two-bit pirate of a non talent , and this movie in of itself , showed the very coinage of his capacity to actually care whether or not he brings life , beliveability and cohesion to a role , which is anything but that . I know 10 year olds in acting classes that would have had a more surreal and natural response to being in a hotel room that CLEARLY was a cocoon for rampid killings , and they , both Kate and Luke look at each other , as in some sketch comedy routine -LRB- perhaps Monty Python -RRB- with their hands on their cheeks wondering , ` oh my Luke , oh golly gee oh darn , what shall we do , where shall we go ... '' How about the $ ^ $ ^ $ door for starters , instead of sitting around both looking like lemmings getting carted off to your three hour med cycle.Vacancy ca n't deliver , because it has no ensemble to tease us with . The premise is rather unique and mundane at the same time , however the fact of two people getting chased around a hotel room in the middle of a city God forgot , and hopping from different rooms to different rooms , while many extras , and gophers bang on various items or the doors , is NOT creepy , not scary , and not in the least warranted to be anything that an ill attempt at trying to cash in on the Saw series , and ones like it.Vacancy is for patrons of ill repute watering holes , who have nothing better to do with their time , then spend their two hours on mediocre acting , without a fresh twist , plot or cliffhanger . Absolutely sad .
 I thought for a brief second that this could possibly be as `` disturbing '' or `` scary '' as I heard everyone claim it was.But a TRULY disturbing movie starring Kate Beckinsale and Luke Wilson ? Who are they kidding?And WHY do people INSIST on getting OFF the Interstate in the MIDDLE of NOWHERE ?!?! I would n't pull off the Interstate fifteen minutes outside of my city , what on earth possesses these folks to do so in abandoned , rural areas?So Luke and Kate play David and Amy , a couple on the brink of divorce after the traumatic death of their child -LRB- it 's not a spoiler , calm down -RRB- . Genius Boy pulls off the Interstate in the middle of the night because of some traffic , and then they have car issues.They stay at some filthy whacked-out motel with cockroaches and scummy sheets and dirty water and murder tile in the bathroom . Ew , right?Turns out - UH OH - they shoulda kept going !! I really wanted this to be scary . I want ALL the horror movies that I watch to scare the bejabbers out of me and make me hold it in the middle of the night because I 'm too afraid to get out of bed and go to the bathroom.This was SO not the movie for that . Very unscary . The jumps that I think we were supposed to fall victim to did n't work . There was n't even anything too spectacular about the way it was shot.Yawn .
 The writing in this film is poorly done and the plot lacks intensity . The dialogue is just plain silly .
 I was really disappointed in Vacancy . It had a great premise , great leads and good potential ; but really does n't deliver . More thriller is needed in this thriller . Watch `` Disturbia '' instead . Or pull out the Hitchcock for some good thrills and chills without the blood .
 Luke Wilson is a husband about to divorce his wife . Kate Beckinsale is a woman about to divorce her husband . That 's actually the only entertaining thing about this movie
 The premise of Vacancy is intriguing . People who spend the night at this down-and-out motel are subjected to torture and the horror of hearing others tortured . When the protagonist couple settle into their room and realize something is terribly wrong , they try to escape . This could lead to a great cat-and-mouse movie , but it is spoiled by the fact that the couple just is n't very resourceful . You 'll find yourself yelling at the TV in frustration when they fall to try some of the most obvious things , and meekly fail to fight when the opportunity presents itself . What could have been a taut thriller cops out by making the character too weak and dumb to launch a true escape plan . Very disappointing .
 For those that say `` this kept me on the edge of my seat '' I have to say that I agree . I was on the edge of my seat to leave within 10 minutes of this film beginning . I 've seen more intelligent writing on the back of a milk carton . Check into this motel and leave your brains elsewhere.I want to like these kinds of movies , as they are a unique genre and a throwback to a bygone era . Aside from the gore and porn elements , which I never find all that appealing , the basics of this film pay homage to that class of films about run-down motels and stalker killers . We 've seen all this before and done remarkably better . This film is a disappointment from the get go.The actors are good `` A '' list people , but , unfortunately , it is their very presence that helps throw this film off as we expect a better film than what we get because of their association with the film . This kind of reminds me of the 70 's era when top stars would make `` guest '' appearances in `` B '' films for a few extra bucks and keep their names in the limelight , but rarely would they actually `` star '' in the film.My next issue is the totally illiterate script that has enough holes to drive a semi through . Hey , I can willingly suspend my disbelief as much as the next guy in order to enjoy a thriller , but I just ca n't totally shut off my intelligence . From beginning to end one is always thinking , `` Why do n't they just do this ? '' or `` How come they did n't think of that ? '' The film 's inconsistencies and poor resolution to the story make this film just too silly to be taken in any kind of serious manner . And , yeah , I know it 's only a movie.There are some cleverly directed sequences and photographic angles that genuinely create suspense and even a few chills , but other than that , this is a strictly `` paint by the numbers '' thriller that offers little if anything at all to the genre . This film is a huge disappointment and attempts to make money over the popularity of its stars , who should be embarrassed to be in this flop , and the recent rash of slasher , gore and porn thrillers masquerading as horror films in our theaters today . For a more memorable night of thrills and chills I highly recommend1408andDead Silence .
 Well , I have to say my expectations for this film were low . I rented it as a fluff popcorn piece , not as a event . It fit that bill fairly well , but it started a lot stronger than it finished . It was good at setting up the mood and vision but then mid way , it felt a bit repetitive . The end was just weak . I knew exactly how it would end ; nothing was surprising or tense . Too formula for a movie that had a minor twist on a horror staple . Acting was credible , other than Kate and Luke had zero chemistry . Its a good time killer -LRB- pun intended -RRB- but pass on down the road if you are looking for real suspense .
 In the 2006 movie `` When a stranger calls '' with Camilla Belle , it was the phone ringing or her calling someone every 30 seconds . In `` Vacancy '' it was the knocks and pounding on the walls and doors that made me want to turn this movie off . Then of course it was the cell phone that did n't work when you needed it most or having to get out of the Hotel room NOW but oh , what ever you do to get out , do n't break out the bathroom window that is nailed shut ! Maybe i 'm just too picky , but this movie is full of holes and not much surprised me when i watched it . Might be the worst movie i ever saw Kate Beckinsale in -LRB- and the only one -RRB- . Either way , i would highly recommend watching it first before you buy it .
 Make a checklist of horror movie cliches before you watch , then check them off . They hardly miss a one . There 's the guy who `` fixes '' their car , the creepy motel manager -LRB- they missed calling him Norman -RRB- , the illogical plot - why would they watch the cop they called from a window instead of calling out ? If you read this then watch it anyway , at least you ca n't say you were n't warned . Yawn .
 In `` Vacancy , '' Owen Wilson and Kate Beckinsale play a bickering , soon-to-be-divorced couple who check into an off-road motel whose body count would turn Norman Bates green with envy . I mean , imagine what that crazy , dress-wearing mama 's boy could have done with a setup like the one they 've got here ! Discreetly placed video cameras , a giant media console , and a labyrinth of secret , underground passageways - all so a bunch of drooling homicidal maniacs can film themselves systematically torturing and killing unsuspecting `` guests '' at their establishment , then watching the atrocities they 've committed over and over again at their leisure . It does n't take long for David and Amy Fox to figure out that this is one inn where the customers check in but never check out . `` Vacancy '' has some suspenseful moments , but too much of it feels formulaic and predictable , with a dribble-away ending and no real interesting plot twists to distinguish it from a dozen other run-of-the-mill thrillers . David and Amy even have the requisite death-of-a-small-child subplot to explain their recent estrangement . Moreover , there 's a sadistic undercurrent running through the movie that spoils most of the fun we could be having with the story if it had any real soul or imagination.And then there are all the nagging practical considerations , such as wondering how these sadistic yahoos pay for all that video equipment if they wind up killing the very few customers who manage to come their way . It 's definitely not a plan designed to generate positive word-of-mouth or repeat customers for their business .
 This type of film has been done before - a couple get lost have car trouble and decide to stay the night in a run down motel and find the only thing on television is horror movies only to discover that what they are watching on tv is real and has been filmed in their room no prizes if you guessed that the stars of this film are next on the killers list - again been done before , better than this considering the a list stars better viewing elsewhere .
 The little character development in this movie is a waste of time . There 's some interesting cinematography at the start when they 're talking in the car . In the motel they meet a goofy looking motel manager . The beginning of their harassment is somewhat scary but after their discovery of a way out it becomes just a mess of nondescript plotting . There 's not much in the way of smarts in this movie , and the ending is unsatisfying.Don ' t say you were n't warned .
 Yet another `` horror '' flick which does n't do anything to build any level of suspense or tension . Every move made is one expected . Every little `` boo , here I am '' is yet another `` ooo , ahh , did n't see that coming '' moment . A part of my life I would gladly like to have back to invest into something else . What is worse , I ca n't believe that Luke Wilson or Kate Beckinsale would associate themselves with this below B flick . Not to say that they are outstanding , yet I would have expected something more .
 I was not impressed with this film . Watching it , I felt like I was seeing dozens of other mediocre horror films combined into one . A young fighting couple experience an automotive breakdown in the middle of the night on a deserted road . They end up in a run down motel run by a creepy caretaker -LRB- a little bit like Pscyho , but not nearly as good -RRB- . They then find a stash of tapes in their room showing previous guests in the room being tortured and murdered . Soon they find themselves under attack by the same group of masked killers . Luke Wilson and Kate Beckinsale do a really weak job as the lead characters . Their fear never seems credible , and neither does this movie . Do n't waste your time .
 Smile for the camera , right before I kill you.The buildup of suspense in this movie is tremendous . A distraught couple on a road trip gets lost in the middle of nowhere . Then the car breaks down and they 're forced to walk to an old creepy motel . Okay , this might not be totally original , but we 're still doing okay.When they get to their room , it gets totally freaky . They pop in some complimentary tapes in the VCR , and are totally shocked by the show . It 's a smut tape , depicting some pretty savage murders , as smut tapes usually do . The worse thing is , these murders are apparently taking place in the very room they are staying . Holy potatoes ! Crazy , party of two , your coffin is ready!At this point , I 'm totally drawn in , nervous , scared of the outcome ... but unfortunately , Hollywood then takes over.Vacancy then begins to revel in its own absurdity . The two hotel guests call 911 from a payphone , of course the murderer answers . Shortly after he drives his car through the phonebooth , smashing it to pieces . Thats the start of the cliched and unbelievable moments that caused my interest to spew out of my ears . How about this one -- the woman makes a mad dash for a car in the parking lot , of course it starts up but the bad guy lunges at her through the moonroof as she drives frantically into the hotel wall . It 's well shot and gruesomely bloody , just slightly ridiculous.There 's more where that came from , underground tunnels beneath the rooms for example . Luke Wilson and Kate Beckinsale do a pretty good job in this , but I found myself begging for their characters to die to add some realism to the story.This idea had some major potential , but sorely disappointed . I 'm got ta go stalk the screenwriter now , see ya ...
 This movie does n't waste much time `` getting to it '' . Clocking in at less than 1 hour and 20 minutes -LRB- not counting the long credits in the beginning and the end -RRB- once this film gets going it does not let up . Although very tense , it 's riddled with clich&eacute;s and you know how it 's going to end , but it 's short and enjoyable on a juvenile level . Check it out on cable . I rate it 21/2 stars .
 The film has decent screenplay , but the plot is dry and predictable with no twists . Kept expecting Luke Wilson to start cracking jokes , was hard to see him in a dramatic role - not his fault - he did well.Well acted , poorly written bomb . Hardly worthy of Blu-ray price or for that matter the format itself.The only reason it is above a 1 rating is Wilson and Beckinsale save this otherwise journey to nowhere .
 Vacancy has all the elements of a great suspense film , despite the fact that we 've seen the ` couple gets stranded in the middle of nowhere with a brokedown car ' theme dozens of times . Yet , VACANCY has a unique twist . Couple gets stranded in the middle of nowhere with a brokedown car and find themselves watching a snuff film in a hotel room that was also the set of the forementioned film.Many things are done right in VACANCY . Ultimately , the movie is sort of rattling as it begins to unfold . You feel the helpless situation that Amy & David Fox -LRB- Kate Beckinsale & Luke Wilson -RRB- are facing . With nowhere to turn and no means of transportation , the violence and fears unfold quickly . Many scenes are very memorable . * SPOILERS AHEAD * Yet , too many things were done horribly wrong and it spoils what could have been a great film . First of all , obviously , the couple is experiencing grief from the death of a young son -LRB- explained early in the film -RRB- . It is never fully explored and ends up being ultimately pointless in a movie that only lasted 80 minutes . The movie then has a solid middle , with good build up , good fears and good execution , all the way up to the shocking demise of a key player . Only to be ruined by one of the most coincidental , cliche finale 's I have ever seen.Amy Fox has a physical altercation with Mason , the hotel desk clerk -LRB- the Norman Bates of the film -RRB- , who knocks her gun from his hand and it flys across the room . Why , after being successfully careful about making a scene and keeping his sick obsession hidden , does he throw her around in the front room instead of dragging her back into his office where he ca n't be seen ? Well , that leads to him throwing her ... where ? ... oh of course , ON THE GUN . Sheesss ... Then , as Amy Fox tries to drive away in a car , one of the crazies jumps on her car and so she hits the gas and drives out of control ... well forward ... out of control ... but of course , the other crazy steps out of room right in front of the car which crashes into him , into a room and kills BOTH MEN . It ca n't get worse ... can it ? ... well , sure . As she finally is given some breathing room and is given the opportunity to grieve the loss of her previously knifed to death husband ... he coughs and begins to breath ... aaaaahhhhH !!!! NO !!!! Frankly , I ca n't believe that a hollywood director or a hollywood studio or hollywood actors would allow such a ridiculous closure to a film these days ... but it happened . Can only be described as LAZINESS . In an 80 minute film , I ca n't see why they could n't have shot some more scenes , made things more feasible and finished this film properly.As much as I love Kate Beckinsale , I can only recommend the first hour of this film .
 I 'm convinced that the story for `` Vacancy '' could not have been told in a new way , which makes me wonder why it had to be told at all . This is one of the most implausible , predictable , and unoriginal thrillers I 've ever seen , borrowing elements from countless other thrillers of the same basic plotline . I 'm referring to the story of an isolated couple in an unfamiliar location , stalked by one or many psychopaths ; has this not been told before ? I can appreciate the tension that runs through the film ; indeed , many startling and creepy moments occur , most of which are satisfyingly edge-of-your-seat . If only the filmmakers had attempted something original , something that leaves the audience feeling exhilarated instead of indifferent.The plot focuses on David -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- and Amy Fox -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- , a married couple on their way home to finalize their divorce . The film opens with them driving in the middle of the night on an isolated road , because -- obviously -- David just had to get off of the interstate and attempt a shortcut . After swerving around a raccoon sitting in the middle of the road , David hears a strange noise coming from the car engine . After he and Amy bicker like immature teenagers , they stop at a rundown gas station for help . From what I 've described thus far , it 's no small wonder that absolutely anyone can figure out what would happen next ; the lone mechanic -LRB- Ethan Embry -RRB- inspects the car and sends them on their way , only for the car to completely break down . Stuck in the middle of nowhere , they realize that the only option is to walk back to the gas station and call for help.That 's when they discover the Pinewood Motel and its manager , Mason -LRB- Frank Whaley -RRB- . Here 's a man Norman Bates -LRB- a much more convincing character -RRB- would have been glad to know ; from the moment we first lay eyes on him , our internal weirdo-meters go off the charts . He 's eerily phony , with a friendly casualness and an offbeat personality that only accentuates how abnormal he is -LRB- especially since no one else seems to be staying at this place -RRB- . It makes one wonder why anyone would choose to stay in a motel run by this man . Yet David and Amy make that very decision , realizing that they ca n't reach help so late at night . Does the word `` convenient '' come to mind , here?They finally enter their room , which of course is old , unkempt , and dirty -LRB- I found it hard to believe that the entire room was inhabited by only one cockroach -RRB- . That 's when the psychological torment begins , firstly when someone repeatedly bangs on the door , secondly when David pops a videocassette into the VCR and watches a series of gruesome murders . Both he and Amy quickly realize that their very room also served as the video 's crime scene , meaning that the murders are real . They 're watching a snuff video . Making matters worse is a series of hidden cameras , placed all throughout the room . Clearly , whoever runs this motel is watching them , waiting for the right moment to strike.That 's about as much of the plot as you need to know . From there on out , it 's all about trying to escape . It 's also about cramming as many horror movie cliches into the story as possible , from the mask-wearing killers to the dark , cramped spaces , to the moments of panic and despair . If it were n't for the inclusion of Wilson and Beckinsale , I would have classified this as a teen slasher film , most of which have relied on formulaic stories for a years . It probably would have been better for `` Vacancy '' to be a teen slasher film ; I still would n't have recommended it , but at least I would have known I was in for a run-of-the-mill plot . But when the lead victims of a thriller are an older married couple , I expect something with a little more depth , something that had even the tiniest shred of originality . It does n't help that serious subject matter is hinted at , namely the death of David and Amy 's son ; that kind of material does n't work in a slasher film because we 're not supposed to invest in the characters emotionally.The worst part of the film involved the discovery of a network of underground tunnels . Not only is it difficult to believe that anyone had the time or patience to create this network , it 's also impossible to understand why David and Amy would actually crawl through it , knowing the killers are using it frequently . It 's a lot easier to run away from a lunatic out in the open than it is through a three-foot-wide tunnel . And let 's not forget the obligatory swarm of subterranean rats ; they serve as a scare tactic , for both Amy and the audience , but otherwise have no relevance to the plot . This idea was reminiscent of the crypt scene in `` Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , '' a film that appropriately refused take itself too seriously . `` Vacancy '' could have been halfway decent had it done the same thing . This film follows a formula that 's too overused to allow anyone to take it seriously ; this is bad because it was constructed as a straightforward thriller , not as a parody . Ultimately , I can think of no good reason to recommend this film . It fails as an original idea . It fails as a plausible story . It fails to be mysterious . It fails , period .
 This was your typical by-the-book `` thriller '' - if I dare use that word for this film . . Starts off at night as usual , car breaks down as usual , and they have to go to a run down place with creepy people that try to murder them . . that 's the story . It also has some of the worst acting i 've ever seen . . I am really suprised that these 2 famous actor/actress agreed to partake in such a horrible film.I 'd complain more about how bad the film is , but if you really like the same thing over and over again , I wont spoil your ending - which is also really lame , unrealistic -LRB- not that it should matter in these types of films -RRB- , and has the worst acting for these two .
 A movie with so many holes they 've been known to sell it at donut shops , `` Vacancy '' is all about nobody being home . Take for instance a couple of spoilers in this spoiler
 We had high hopes for a bit of updated Hitchcockian film viewing , murder-mystery-suspense wise . This was horror-horrible viewing . Amateurish in all aspects , with Luke Wilson paying off very grudgingly on a debt he owed , the certain victim of cheating . This movie was awful , disjointed , poorly shot , terribly lighted-blocked-etc . Very off-putting , very much back-on-the-shelf-putting .
 ... but not the worst of its kind . I actually thought the opening exposition scenes were pretty good , pretty creepy . If we had n't all known what was coming , the first half hour might have been pretty effective . And I actually appreciated the ending -- thank God they spared us the extended Halloween / Friday the 13th non-surprises . The film was blissfully brief . Unfortunately , any satisfaction during the intervening 50 minutes or so requires an impossible suspension of disbelief . Why did these guys , who obviously had this act down to a fairly well-oiled machine , deviate from the game plan for this couple ? Why did they give them any room to maneuver ? If they were this incompetent , how had they been so successful in their earlier attempts ? It seems this would have been a fairly easy hole for a decent writer to fill -LRB- `` Damn ! Why did this Kiwanis convention have to arrive just when we were trying to enjoy our evening ? '' -RRB- , but they did n't bother here . Too bad ...
 It would seem , from reading the reviews , that , the `` Vacancy '' refered to here , is the ABSENCE of PLOT and , SCARINESS !
 This may be the worst movie I have ever seen . I love horror movies , but I was ready to walk out of the theatre . Luke Wilson must have really needed the money to make this film . I would only rent this if you have seen everything else ... twice .
 I ca n't believe I just sat through this whole movie only to discover there is absolutely no point . I am a big fan of both Luke Wilson and Kate Beckinsale and I am surprised that both of them chose to be in this movie . Is there suspense ? A little bit . Is is predictable ? Totally . I feel completely cheated for sticking it out and wasting my time watching a bunch of gross , sick , twisted violence for such a crappy ending . I highly recommend not wasting your time watching this movie . This is the type of movie a high school kid could write up on a bad day . Unreal , it was that terrible . Do not watch this movie . It is pathetic that it was even made . This is a totally honest review , no holds barred . A total piece of junk movie .
 It 's an F + movie , not a B Movie ! Luke Wilson , who could stand a career intervention , and Kate Beckinsale , the reigning queen of the bland B 's , play a sniping couple who undergo a little unexpected marital therapy by landing in the wrong place at the wrong time . Having strayed off the Interstate one evening in the middle of nowhere , they end up in a motor inn.The motel is actually a house in which the shag carpeting does little to muffle the screams of the dying . The gimmick here is that the butcher in residence likes to watch , you know , kind of like that Norman Bates guy , but with a video camera whirring , which means that the motel is a handy-dandy snuff-movie studio .
 It was a great concept for a movie and Kate B was fantastic in Underworld.Unfortunately , this movie is a real stinker . Sort of a bad B movie .
 Did you master Gameday 2000 ? Well I got pretty good and to my dismay realized that Gameday 2001 is even easier . My first few games of 2001 I absolutely crushed the computer on all difficult settings . The graphics are n't very different , though the music 's a bit cooler . All in all , not much has changed ... .
 Gameday is an ok arcade game , but Madden tears it to pieces . Gameday has no where near the graphics Madden has , and Madden offers a more realistic game playing . In gameday a tiny HB can drag a DE for 5 yards . It is very similar too last years model .
 Gameday -LSB- stinks -RSB- it always has and it always will now madden on the other hand rocks but its a gameday review so lets start the loading times are unbelivably long and once you finaly get in the game the graphics are a improvment but could be alot better and the jerseys colors are way off and you cant even see the helmets gameplay is bad and the commentary is worse the only good thing about the game is the opening movie -LRB- witch put a tear in my eye -RRB- also its wway too easy . the only reason you should buy the game is if you are a diehard football fan . buy madden
 This game is near identical to Gameday2000 . Same music , same sound , same plays . The graphics managed to get worse , somehow . They tried to make size and speed more of a factor , but it did n't work well . Having current rosters is the only advantage.I have owned every Gameday title , and loved every one . They always seemed to bet better and better . This version was such a step backward that I had to laugh . It was like the developers forgot they were supposed to make it , and threw together this version in a few days.If you have Gameday2000 , do n't bother getting this .
 I had never bought a 989 football game before and i wish i hadnt bought this one . The graphics are horrible it looks like I 'm playing on a super nintendo . If you 're planning on buying this game I suggest you wait until you get a Playstation 2 because that 's the only way the graphics will be better .
 Space Harrier is at it again to save the planet of the dragons and restore it to it 's rightful owner ; the heiress , Euria . The reason i say , '' ... at it again ... '' is because this is not a direct copy/clone of the original Space Harrier , with minor differences in baddies and bosses , and stages.It was released in 1988 for use with the innovative , and still cutting edge , SEGA 3-D SCOPE , 3-D GLASSES ! It is one of eight SMS 3-D games , and one of the more fun games , YET not the best at showcasing the 3-D glasses potential , unlike what i expected . Also , in my opinion , not one of the best SPACE HARRIER versions . Here 's my review : GRAPHICS
 The stand itself works well enough . My major complaint with this product is ... Every website that sells it -LRB- including Mad Catz 's website -RRB- says that this fan/stand powers through the Xbox 360 's rear USB port . This is an out-right LIE ! Not only does it not come with a USB cable , it does n't even have any place to plug in a USB cable . Instead it comes with an AC adaptor that must be plugged into a standard wall outlet to provide power . I give it 2 stars since my main reason for purchasing was for the ability to power it from the console and it DOES NOT do that . - Josh
 This game is terrible . I rushed out and bought it on release day . If only I had a time machine ... I only played about 15 minutes of this game and turned it off . I got rid of it as fast as possible . The graphics are lame and the gameplay is not much better . The controls were confusing to say the least . What bothered me the most , however , was the glitches . I repeatedly witnessed enemies getting `` hung up '' on things in the game , thus allowing me to wail on them while they could not chase me or attack.Overall = TerribleThe PC version of this game is much , much , much better and I highly recommend it , especially compared to this pathetic attempt at gaming .
 I just finished this game and was not happy . The visuals are way too dark , even on the brightest options settings it was hard to see . What a disappointment . My biggest problem was with the very linear plot , one way through each level , walk in and shoot . No strategy at all . My latest test of a good game
 o my god , this is the worst shooter i have ever play . I rented this game and played it for a maximum of 20 minutes and stopped . It was such a dissapointment ! The graphics were horrible and the enemys are so stupid like the guy in the begining that is messing with his motorcyle what a dumbass . I wouldnt buy it or rent it , it was a waste of my time . If you want a real game then play Medal of Honor
 I 've only played the first 3 boards so far . However that 's enough to know this game is worth only $ ... , not $ ... The shooting action and killing action are fairly -LSB- bad -RSB- . When you shoot , you do n't get the sense that your doing the shooting . It feels more like your pushing a button on a controller which is activating an animated gun on your television screen . The same is true for when you hit someone -LRB- shooting them -RRB- . When you hit a bad guy they just fall-no dust blowing off of their jackets or blood . If you played and liked Medal of Honor or the oldies like 007 goldeneye -LRB- N64 -RRB- or Perfect Dark -LRB- N64 -RRB- , then you will be disappointed . I consider realistic gunshots -LRB- a sense of recoil and power coupled with good sound effects -RRB- to be the most important element of a good 1st person shooter , if that -LSB- is bad -RSB- then there is not much worth playing for.Otherwise the graphics were just OK . Nothing to right home about . Controls were decent , learning curve pretty short -LRB- 10min -RRB- . Overall this game brings nothing new to 1st person shooters . It would have been better if released in May 1995 . If your thinking about buying this I would definately rent it first or just dig out Goldeneye from your archives.I 'm assuming the PC version is a whole lot beter because I keep seeing rave reviews for the PC . If you play this on PS2 and are raving then I would guess your only about 10 or 12 years old and never played the games mentioned above before .
 First let me say I have n't played the PC version of this game , just the PS2 . -- Starting out in this game , I felt like I 'd actually been transported back into the times of Doom 1 and Wolfenstein 3d . This is because the graphics are horrible and outdated , I 've seen better games on PS1.The controls and unability to easily look around also make you very seasick , very quickly.Buy this game if you really need to get the feeling of original Wolfenstein . Except this time , you will need motion sickness pills .
 I just rented this game and it stinks . The cut scene graphics are great but the in game graphics are weak and silly -LRB- i.e. the foot kicking down doors and such and the stabbing motion with the knife -RRB- . Anyway , the opening is blah , I was way more impressed with the opening level of Medal of Honor which sucked you into the action and never really let up . Forget this joke of a game and get the real thing -LRB- MOH -RRB- or better yet - go get Head Hunter , Max Payne , Enter the Matrix , or Socom .
 the worst gameplay . i never expected it to be this bad , and the sound effects , its like playing a ps one game , this game blows . which is a dissapointment . b/c the concept is good
 If you want to play RtCW , buy it for the PC . It 's exactly the same game with a different subtitle but you can play online for free . The single player is decent but Activision did n't even bother copying Halo in the co-op mode . When you play co-op you can only play missions that you 've gotten to in single-player . That means that if you almost beat the game with a friend and you quit , you have to start from the beginning the next day . Why would n't they let you even save co-op in a different profile ?
 The game has three modes ; Online Vs , 1 Player Story , and 2 Player story.I do n't have Xbox Live , so I ca n't comment on the vs mode other than to say that the manufacturers really could have included a 2-4 player vs mode that those of us without Xbox Live could enjoy.The one player game is OK , but no where near as good as its fellow WWII competitor , Medal of Honor . The one advantage that this game has over M.O.H. is that you can play the story mode 2-Player co-operative . Which brings me to the third mode of play.Two player co-operative
 Wolfenstein is a legendary frachise . First appearing on Apple before the time of the Mac ... then Atari , DOS , Commodore64 ... ID software picked up the ball and Wolfenstein 3D became one of the first FPS -LRB- first person shooters -RRB- ... leading into Doom , Quake , and the rest is history.Tides of War is an incredibly ugly , flat , lifeless , colorless and borish game . The graphics relative to other xbox games of it 's era simply do not measure up . Very dissapointing.Quake3 Engine . Not the best .
 i had no idea a nazi could take 15 machine gun rounds and an entire clip of pistol bullets . the flame thrower was my favorite part of the game . the multiplayer is fun and that is the only strength . Enemys are ridiculousy strong in my opionon . 2 stars for the flame thrower and multiplayer . -LRB- i would never buy this game i played the demo -RRB-
 Ok , I played Wolfenstein way back in the day and loved it . I was thrilled with the prospect of reliving the good old days on my XBox.Imagine my disappointment when I played this game . This has no intriguing plot like the original , the graphics are sloppy , the controls are almost `` Dead to Rights '' terrible , and the only good point of the game is the weapons.Apparently , the designers got lazy , then decided to market this waste of space based on a name and some updated weapons . Leave this one on the rack , especially if you are expecting something worthy of the Wolfenstein brand .
 I think the game is very cool , but there is one major problem that I have with it . When you play in multiplayer split screen campaign you can not save the game . Me and my friend played the game for 8 hours one night and then we found out that you ca n't save in 2 player mode , like you can in halo . This makes absolutely no sense at all why , would you make a game like that . The people who made it were n't thinking clearly . So if you like to play split screen do n't get this game !!!
 Seeing this title on the shelves brought back fond memories of the original Wolfenstein 3d , one the original first person shooters and a ground breaking game . However , there is nothing groundbreaking or revolutionary with `` Return to Castle Wolfenstein '' . Castle Wolfenstein is Medal of Honor meets Goldeneye meets Rise of the Triad meets a half dozen other games , all crammed together for a fairly average gaming experience.I would describe the plot of the game , but quite honestly , I 'm not sure what it is . The first part of the game finds you in North Africa fighting zombies , Nazis , and skeletons wearing viking helmets . We learn that a large Nazi lady is trying to resurrect an evil mummy . We jump from there to Castle Wolfenstein -LRB- the game 's namesake -RRB- where the player spends all of three short levels before jumping to rocket bases , outdoor Nazi playforts and random rooms full of traps . It seemed as if the developers were n't sure what setting they wanted to put this game in , so they gave up and included a bit of everything.The gameplay is without any glaring problems , but it 's rather bland . The weapons are a generic blend of pistols , machine guns and sniper rifles . Aiming at single enemies with a pistol is a tedious affair due to the lack of analog sensitivity , and after spending 10 minutes in one of the many dimly lit levels , you will wonder why no one thought to include a flashlight in your character 's inventory.When my fondest memory of Return to Castle Wolfenstein is using the war-cry , `` BLOCKY ! '' in reference to my friend 's blocky , ugly looking on-screen character , that does n't speak well of the game 's lasting appeal . Castle Wolfenstein does it all , but does n't do any of it very well .
 The game was a complete disappointment . Maybe I had my expectations set a bit too high . All the landscapes seem similar and like one of the other reviewers correctly pointed out , the controls make your head spin . Very difficult to figure out where you are on the map and where your partner is -LRB- if you play the co-op mode -RRB- and the colors downright suck
 This game has way below average graphics and sound . It has no real storyline . It 's like an old doom game which were alright then , but should be much better now . The replay value is nothing great . Avoid this and go for any Tom Clancy stuff or Halo or many other shooters over this one . What a dissapointment .
 I thought this game would be something like SOCOM for ps2 . Does n't even come close . I 've experienced nothing but lag and a sick feeling to my stomach . Literally playing this game for 30 minutes , I started to get nasuous . In fact I 'm taking this game back today to trade it in for something else .
 i realize the vast majority of people love this game.A Link To The Past is great . I love that game , loved it when i was a kid , and love it today . And Im willing to concede that the original gameboy doesnt have the advantages of the Super Nintendo . Its understandable . However , even so , I still think the game has glaring flaws that I despise.For one , it feels ... cheap . I dont know how else to describe it , but something about this game feels unlike a genuine Zelda game . Between the plot , the fact that its so campy -LRB- bow wow , the cheesy dialogue , the un-Zelda like setting , etc -RRB- ... sorry but if someone told me it was a different franchise , i would believe it.Also , the item usage is just plain stupid . the fact that link has to equip his shield as an item to use it is ludicrous , especially considering there are virtually no opportunities to use the sword and shield together ; you will always be using some other item . The constantly changing items slightly bothered me in A Link To The Past , but in this game its even more annoying.The biggest problem I have with the game is this ; the overworld map . The areas are all so illogically layed out . To get to one area means going through too many others . Its not like a link to the past where everything was logically laid out ... it just somehow feels ... too confusing . this game must have been maddening on regular gameboy.Something about this game just seems wrong . Sorry .
 Do NOT buy any Zelda game for GB . We have the original Links Awakening-BORING . Very challenging gameplay but it is not replayable at all . Pretty lame storyboard -LRB- Wind fish ? -RRB- and easy bosses . The puzzles are kinda hard but the island is big and roomy . Overall a 3 star product-only after you play it once and no more .
 It is has to many puzzle elements and the screen respawns everytime you leave making combat somewhat pointless . It is boring and the Final Fantasy Legend -LRB- 2 and 3 are best -RRB- & Adventure games are MUCH better , but are hard to find .
 The game arrived early , which was nice . But when I played it , the thing would n't save . It played fine , but it 's hard to enjoy when you ca n't save . So I tried to remedy the situation by replacing the battery . However , it just made it worse . So I just decided to take the hit and toss the thing .
 I finished this game in 3 days . I never want to play it again . Bugs can do barely anything in his defense and there are a ton of annoying passwords to write down . There are actually 61 levels and the treasure Bugs does all this for is just Lola Rabbit !
 This game is -LSB- not good -RSB- such a RIP !!!! You do n't know that enemys are falling on you . You CA N'T move when falling , there are n't ANY options . If I had a choice i 'd give this a 0 star rate !! There are so many doors that you do n't know where to go . There are also too many shortcuts , Sometimes - too many pipes . You WILL get confused . unless your really want to , dont buy ...
 I played this game through in under 3 hours!What a waste of my time and money.Dangerous Hunts was a pretty good game , but this sequel frankly sucks.There is far less to it than the original.There 's no freedom of movement.It will not even let you crouch until you reach a certain point on each level.All you do is follow a set path throughout the game , shooting various -LRB- mostly wolves -RRB- animals as you go.You have a guide on every level that you have to protect -LRB- and who does n't protect you in return -RRB- . You basically follow him -LRB- or her -RRB- around and do what he/she tells you to do.The game is sickenly linear.There is a set goal for every level that you must complete to move on to the next as you go through the story line -LRB- such as it is !! -RRB- . The only time you are allowed to hunt -LRB- not just continusly shoot attacking animals -RRB- is between levels and you can not access the hunting levels independently , only after reaching the end of each level , which sucks.If you pass up the opportunity to hunt between the game levels , well forget it , you 'll have to replay the game again as it selects when to save , not you , which is plain stupid.The graphics are average , as is the game play.The animals all look like totally phsychopathic killers , not realistic at all.If you 're looking for a game like Dangerous Hunts , you better look elsewhere.Dangerous Hunts 2 ? Dangerous to you wallet !! Do n't waste your time or money.I can pretty much guarantee that you 'll be dissappointed with this tripe.Same goes for the new Cabelas Outdoor Games.It totally blows , too !!
 I was surprised and disappointed to discover that Dangerous Hunts 2 is not a hunting sim . It 's a first-person shooter . There is no exploration or stalking of prey for trophies , so do n't look forward to carefully sneaking up on a bear to put it down with a well-placed shot . You instead pump round after round into the critters , all the while running around trying not to get hit , such as in Doom or Half-Life . The game is very linear . You 're stuck following a set path toward a certain goal in each level -- you ca n't even crouch except when the game tells you to . The save system is exceedingly frustrating in that you pick a slot at the beginning of your adventures and the game automatically saves for you . There is no way to replay a level other than to start the entire game over again , and each time you die you must begin from the last checkpoint , with checkpoints far apart . This would have been forgivable if this was a hunting sim , but again , it is not . And I wo n't go into the so-called bonus features , which are only revealed by shooting a large number of hidden , hard-to-see tree stumps scattered through the forested levels . Talk about a needle in a haystack.The graphics are pretty good although there are certainly better out there . The animal models in particular stand out . And the cutscenes are well-done . But for a game that on it 's packaging promised global hunting , guided hunts , helicopter hunts , traps , and other hunting options -- then delivered none of those things -- I feel deceived . Activision is being dishonest and misrepresenting this title as something it is not . This is a bargain title that is n't much of a bargain .
 This game sucks ! Do n't even think about wasting your money on this game ! I beat it in less than 2 hours ! First of all it has completely no story , no action , and no life . The graphics mostly suck but the cutscenes are absolutely stunning ! That 's the only good thing about it . There are cheat codes for the game but they do not work . In the instrucions it claims that when you beat the game that you will get cheats like invincible and unlimited ammo , but what happens when I beat the game twice in a row , nothing ! This game is definately not worth the $ 20.00 ! There are hardly any bonus levels and the gameplay graphics are horrible ! This is one of the worst games I have ever played ! Are there even any good hunting games ? I have at least 7 hunting games and they all suck ! This game is n't really a hunting game . It is mostly missions , and fighting a yeti . The animals are n't all that vicious looking . I mean you 'd think that the yeti would look absolutely ferocious ! When a vicious bengal tiger beats the heck out of you your stupid guide says , `` do n't kill it you idiot ! '' After he says that you will want to shoot him , but you ca n't . You can only smack him with your rifle and let him curse you over and over again . This is n't even for the fans of the first game ! Your guides are always completely stupid and are usually running away , or falling off something , or walking into something , -LRB- like trees , rocks , wall , etc. -RRB- Overall this is one of the worst games in history ! And do n't forget to watch lost !
 The first Getaway was a not-half-bad attempt to translate British crime-film cinema to a videogame format . The result was a relatively unaddicting , but strangely compelling product with a few annoying flaws.Getaway
 YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT I WAITED FOR THIS ... I COULD HAVE BOUGHT THE OLD GETAWAY FOR ALOT CHEAPER !!!!
 First lets say that this game is not very good at all , i wish i could 've spent my money on a stripper or something of that nature , because that would 've put a smile on my face , I was pretty excited with the release of this game , all because of the first one , now that was a good game . If you even look at this game you might as well crumple up a fifty and take a leak on it , so if you have half a brain do n't purchase this game , and if you choose not to listen to this review and go ahead and buy it anyway , you 'll kick yourself in the rear later , and another thing , I wish i did n't have to give it a 1 star rating because its not even 0 worthy
 I might feel compelled to let more slide had this not been a sequel , and had it not been on a console that 's been around for years . I suppose what I 'm saying is that there would be some relatively valid excuses for the problems that plague this game . But it is a sequel , and the PS2 has been around a long time , and there 's no justification that can explain the horrid end result . The Getaway brought enough originality to the immersive crime/action genre that you could overlook how unpolished , awkward and spotty it was . Two years later , Black Monday ca n't claim to be original , rather a regurgitation of everything the first was , but it too is unpolished , awkward and spotty . Yes , they addressed some superficial problems with the first . Traffic moves faster for example . But for the most part , the most crippling and frustrating problems of the first are still here , and they 're joined by some new ones.Negatives ? The controls and camera angles are terrible . I can only call the differences in play style of the three different main characters `` clumsy '' . Mitchell has the amazing ability to instantly arrest someone , no matter what they 're doing , with a single button click . Apparently they 're * magic * handcuffs . So when you get tired of shooting back , just run up and handcuff them because that 's far more effective . Eddie is fun for a little while , then it 's reduced to just mashing the same buttons to beat people up . Sam is all stealth , which would n't be so bad if the enemies ever bothered to move . I guess this is compensated for by giving them telescopic vision in the one direction they perpetually face . Her section is painfully boring . Either you sneak past , or they see you . There are no stealth attacks . If they see you , either you 're dead , or you hide behind something , they ` reset ' and you try try again.But I have to come back to the first two points again . The controls and the camera angles are terrible . Never before have I been so quickly turned off in the first few minutes of the game . You start by raiding one apartment . Then with nebulous direction , you 're sent chasing off after criminals who are trying to escape . You end up bungling around in a pitch black apartment , trying to work around obstacles you ca n't see -LRB- unless they just happen to fall in the path of your narrow flashlight beam -- which , by the way , you have almost no control over because the camera angles suck -RRB- ... Actually , I do n't feel the need to add any more here . This game is borderline unplayable.Positives ? London is spot on.I almost felt guilty writing these comments until I remembered what I had paid for this game . Please do yourself a favor and do n't make the same mistake . I ca n't even recommend renting it . If you have a friend who owns it , they may well just give it to you to be rid of it , but then I 'd wonder if they 're a really a friend at all.I 'm giving it 2 stars , only because the city is so well recreated . Judging that aspect alone would warrant 5 stars . However , the controls deserve zero -- wait , it 's my review , negative five stars -LRB- black monday holes ? -RRB- , the cameras negative five , the interface one , the writing/storyline a four or even five , voice acting a four , audio a two , visuals a two , replayability absolutely zero , innovation one -- I could go on , but the point is that overall , it 's subpar . This is n't worth owning at half the price .
 That pretty much sums it up . The first Getaway was fantastic in my opinion . It was original enough to be great . Shooting around walls was awesome . Getting lost was fun in itself because I could marvel at London . Say goodbye to that.Black Monday is flat out terrible . There were some problems with the original Getaway , but I could overlook them as I fell in love with the game . Black Monday fixes nothing , it actually has caused a ton of problems itself.The first apartment you raid is absolutely stupid . The main problem is that the camera is jerky . You can always see what you need to see , but when you move the camera jerks to follow you . You will notice this right at the start of the game.Another problem is how easy this game is . Enemies ca n't hit anything . Even at point-blank range , the enemies do n't seem to be able to hold their gun straight . I walked up to about 30 dudes and just handcuffed them . While I was handcuffing them everyone stopped and politely waited for me to finish . The fighting in the game is stupid as well because you just walk up and punch dudes . Occasionaly you can grab them , then turn them around and snap their necks . It is so unbelievably boring.The worst idea was putting in the crappy stealth missions . They are horrible . EVERY GAME WANTS TO DO THIS NOW ! Almost every game I play puts you in a stupid stealth mission that just drags . STOP MAKING STEALTH MISSIONS ! I just played Shadow of Rome , and the stealth missions are pure crap . I love Metal Gear Solid and Splinter Cell , but honestly , those are the only times I appreciate stealth . The stealth missions in this game consist of you walking around , occasionaly hiding until a guard leaves . I do n't think they tested this game with real people . Had they of done that , they would of been told to take out the stealth missions and kill themselves for making such a horrible game.London is recreated perfectly . The only problem is , I do n't care . Now you have a map option . To me , this is a terrible idea . The whole concept of the original Getaway is realism . Sure , you could buy a map . When you 're driving alone though you ca n't freeze the time continum and take a break to see what road you need next . You will use the map function only to finish this game so you can take it back . I only got 17 dollars for it . I 'm surprised they even took it back , seeing as how horrible it is.The graphics are terrible . Blah blah blah . Everything about this game is bad . I 'm just so mad I spent fifty dollars on it . Truthfully , this game is flat out terrible and I do n't think they will be creating another Getaway anytime soon . If they do , I think it will be the first game in history to sell zero copies .
 I loved the first Getaway and was very skeptical of all the bad reviews I 'd been seeing . Unfortunately , many of them are correct . I just got Black Monday a few days ago and its already quickly losing much of my interest . While the first Getaway was gritty and griping , the sequel is comparably bland . The story in the first was simple and made sense without getting too complicated , but in Black Monday I often do n't know or do n't care why the characters are being asked to do certain missions -LRB- much of this has to do with the fact that the interlude movies are annoyingly long -RRB- . There are a few upgrades - you can ride a motorcycle , etc - but these really seem like minor issues . The game is also too easy . Its too bad - I was looking forward to Black Monday . My advice
 People should not be allowed to sell any item that is no longer up to date with today 's systems . This would be a great game if there was an out of date system to run it !!!
 I remember this game being REALLY fun ! I bought it to show my girlfriend and it turns out that IT DOES N'T WORK ON NEWER MACS ! Craptastic ... If you 're rocking an old -LRB- Pre 10.4 OS I believe -RRB- Mac have a go but otherwise consider yourself warned .
 I do n't know why someone would need this . I have a SNES , N64 , Playstation and an Atari hooked up to my TV and they 're fine without a switcher . I just have to make sure I only turn on one at a time otherwise the TV gets really confused ;
 Do n't spend your money on this thing ! It 's an over priced switcher box . Just head over to your local radio shack and you can get one for 5 bucks .
 As with many of the older versions of Jump Start , this product does n't seem to work on Macs running OSX in classic mode -LRB- despite their claim on the box -RRB- or virtual PC mode . I had contacted Vivendi Universal regarding a 2000 version of JS 3rd grade that I own only to hear , `` we do n't support that version any more , '' so I purchased a new copy of the 4th grade version -LRB- since that 's the grade level I needed most for my kids -RRB- to find that I have the same problem with the `` new '' version . Ironically the version of JS in the 2003 package was created in 2000 . Are they simply repackaging old products ? My husband and I are extremely knowledgable computer users , so our problems are n't a user issue and so far this issue has only occured with our Jump Start products . If you 're a Mac user runnning OSX , I would strongly recommend finding another product . I also want to add that the company is n't very supportive of their products on the customer and technical support side . However , it 's only fair to mention that when we were to be able to use the games running on the old versions of the Mac operating system , my kids really enjoyed them and we were pleased with the educational content of the games .
 I bought this software hoping to work on our weekly spelling lists . First , in order to input your list of words you have to ALSO input 3 `` incorrect '' spellings for each of the words , a major pain.Second , of the 3 games , none of them include ever SPELLING your words ! All i want is for my kids to practice spelling their words , obviously too much to ask for a spelling program by jumpstart . I ca n't believe how disappointing this program is .
 Here 's another piece of kids ' educational software that does not measure up to the marketing blurbs on the box . It contains three spelling-oriented games that give you plenty of practice with hand/eye/mouse coordination , but are questionable in terms of educational value.In one game , you play a little dog with a basket , trying to catch fish falling from the air . You 're only supposed to catch fish containing words that are spelled correctly . To me , it was the most fun game of the bunch . Whether it teaches spelling or not is another question entirely.In another game , you shoot hermit crabs that are trying to run off with your coins . You can only shoot the crabs carrying the correct letter to fill in the blank of a given word . I dislike the fact that the crabs each have an angry , mean expression after you shoot them , when they are closest to the viewer . Certainly not a happy game ! Also , with a fast computer , the crabs emerge so fast that you have to set the game on level one in order to make it feasible . Luckily , game play level is separate from spelling level.For the third game , you ride a seahorse in a race , tapping the spacebar to have your seahorse reach up to lick a word . This is another iffy game with a fast computer , and the images get blurry rather quickly , which impairs enjoyment.I was excited about the idea of inputting our own spelling words . However , there is a limit of about 25 ? custom words . And the voice that reads the custom word list is barely audible . You can input phonetic spelling to get closer to the audio pronunciation , but this is not perfect . Considering that game play depends upon hearing the correct pronunciation , this is a disappointment . So the custom word feature turned out to be not worthwhile for us.I just started homeschooling a 4th grader , and we 've been testing plenty of educational software . I 'm sorry to say that I ca n't recommend this one .
 i ordered this program for the ability to enter my daughters weekly spelling words . I thought it would help her review and practice for her exams . this feature of the program is very complicated . you ca n't just enter spelling lists , like i thought . my daughter says she only likes the seahorse race game .
 I purchased this for my 2nd grade daughter to use on our Windows 98 computer . The install completes with a FileIORoot error , and fails to start up when you launch the program.I spoke to tech support , which was of ABSOLUTELY NO HELP ! The answer I got was `` We have over 80 products , and ca n't be expected to support them all . '' Great company , huh?I 've installed other Jumpstart products in the past and have n't had too many issues . Tech support has always been their shortfall . The knowledgebase on their web site did n't even list this product . I 'm sure others experienced the same install problem , yet a search on the specific error message returned nothing.I think it 's time to look elsewhere for educational software , especially when you ca n't get help installing their product.Dean
 This product is good in that it allows users to enter their own spelling words . It is disappointing because the study games do not require a user to spell the words only to recognize them among incorrectly spelled words or to add a missing letter . If the program does not already contain the words you intend to add you will need the hardware to add the correct pronunciation . Personally , I 'd like a more stripped down spelling study aid that would drill words from custom lists .
 I 'm not smiling after purchasing this product . I love JumpStart 's grade level products and have them all from toddler to 3rd grade ! I 'm afraid the method of teaching spelling on JumpStart Spelling Bee is poor and so where the results after trying it with my daugther . Her scores showed no improvement what-so-ever !
 My 8 year old son loves Jumpstart and we were excited to be able to put our own words into the game . However , the games in this CD Rom were so boring , we could not play them . It would be more exciting to count pores on your skin .
 Hi , I 'm StoryMaker . I 've been enjoying JumpStart products since I was in Kindergarten . For Christmas , I gotJumpstart Advanced Study Helpers V2 .0 , a set of CD-ROMs which includes this disc -LRB- JumpStart Study Helpers Spelling Bee -RRB- andJumpStart Study Helpers Math Booster . The Math Booster disc is a very fun way to practice math , and it has very good educational content . This disc is * a little * fun , but nowhere near as good as other JumpStart products.This CD-ROM features 3 educational , ocean-themed games starring Frankie the dog . You can use the content chooser to choose a list of spelling words from the game or you can make custom lists using the editor . Sounds pretty good so far , huh ? Well , it WOULD be , if not for various phenomenons.Firstly , you never actually spell complete words in any of the games . In 2 games , you fill in 1-3 letters of a word . In the other game , you find correctly spelled words among incorrectly spelled ones . The games where you only fill in 1-3 letters barely teach anything for older children - they might teach for younger children , though . I 'm not sure how educational choosing correctly spelled words is . It 's probably more educational than filling in just a few letters , but it probably could be more educational.Note
 Do not buy this product . It will damage your son or daughter 's eyes . The image are jiggling . Even me can not stand them . My daughter also found it is not fund to play with it . So do not waste your money .
 We got this for our 6-year-old and 3-year-old sons , both love Rescue Heroes and both love CD-ROM games . I agree with the other reviews that state things are very hard to steer and click on effectively . My sons have ample experience with our PC , yet could n't click on things the way a normal game works -- very frustrating for them!Then , when they finally were able to master it and complete the three levels , they realized that was it . It is a one-time game , with no randomization for repeat play and no educational skills to make repitition valuable . They played it once for the challenge , twice just for the sake of playing it again and then they were done with it . For this price , I would have expected more of this game.Stick with the toys . FP gets top marks from me for those .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old son . I ended up playing for him . The movement of the heroes is very sporadic . I even had a hard time getting the men to slow down so I could get to the hotspots to click on them . They were very jumpy and he was getting very upset because he could n't click on anything . The game itself was ok . It only took us about 2 hours to finish it . I probably wo n't buy any more Rescue Heroes on CD Rom .
 I agree with other reviews that the mouse clicking is very difficult . It 's difficult to maneuver the men around . My son tried for a few minutes , became so frustrated , I finished the one mission , but could n't get him to do any more . Would recommend the I Spy software - ages 6-10 , but he loves it ! Do n't have to know how to read .
 I just switched over to a Mac from PC and was looking for a game program that included backgammon . The reviews all seemed very positive . The graphics are nice enough , but the solo play feature for backgammon is a very bad joke . The game repeatedly makesreally stupid moves . The implementation of the doubling cube also problematic . Since the game does not stop between rolls , one can only implement a double after your roll . Not very satisfying .
 I gave it a 1 because they did not have a 0 , to give . I bought this game for my son and I try to install it and it tells me that it has encountered an error . I go to the web site and it tells me what to do with that error , but after I do what it told me it does the same error thing again . My son and I both got so frustrated and finally gave up . I am returning it to the place where I purchased it for a full refund . Good luck for those of you that also bought this Horrible Game .
 I was disappointed that they send me the wrong item . From the picture of this CD it shows that it 's Mac compatible , but the actual CD that they sent me is only Windows compatible .
 Beautiful game , if you own a PC . After recently purchasing a MacBook , I decided that Civilization III was a must have for my new computer . After installing this game on my mac , I found out the provided serial number was invalid.Ratings : Aspyr-0 out of 10Civilization III-9 out of 10ASPYR STOLE MY GAME!I will probably torrent this game , as I purchased it legally , and was given a broken game .
 I just bought Civ III Complete game for my MacBook.it seems to have all the system requirements , but does not work.Frustrating.will have to call product support.very disappointing.H
 Shipped on time but thisproduct does not work on my 1 year old MacBook pro - I have re-installed it several times , no response from Aspyr on problem .
 Civ III is a wonderful game -- if it 'll run on your Mac . The box is seriously misleading -LRB- it says it supports iMacs -RRB- , with the result that I bought it for my new Intel iMac , only to have it crash and crash hard every time a city changes hands . I contacted Aspyr and they inform me that there is no fix available . I am a diehard Civ fan but I 'm pretty disgusted by this .
 I ordered the software and it came without a serial number and the software does not work . I have exchanged at least 4 e-mails with them and have still not been able to get it to work . I can only assume that the software that Amazon sold was a fraud . Very disappointing .
 Civ 3 for the Mac is another edition of the highly-successful Civ series and Sid Meier deserves kudos for another strong product . Gameplay is entertaining and a clear step up in many ways from its 1996 predecessor . Civ 3 succeeds in being a strategy game , but not one so thick with the strategies that it ` ll take months to master it all.That said I was disappointed by what was not present in the Civ 3
 This game was bad , had no new story and the graphics remained the same . Enviornment still remains to be unfinished , lack of charecters and no new weapons . The list could go on but the bottom line is that the game sucks . 4/10 .
 What with all the excellent reviews of SH 3 floating about the web , I decide dthat my previous 3-star review clearly did n't take all aspects of the game into account . So I went and bought a walkthrough guide , took three days and completed everything.And I 'm sorry to say , I now think less of Heather and her ensemble cast of cliched characters than I did before.SH 3 is a game only to be played by fans of the series , and even then , only if those fans can get it cheap . It follows the story of Heather , a young girl thrown into a nightmare world of androgynous , ambiguous creatures and hellish ocations , in the search for who killed her father . Of course , there are plot twists , but only those of us that have completed SH 1 will understand them fully - and even then , they 're about as predictable as a wino with a $ 10 bill outside a liquor store.This game is all mouth and no trousers - or , in game terms , all graphics and no substance . I guess that criticisms against the PS 2 are fairly levelled , then , when people say Sony 's developers are n't concentrating on originality anymore.SH 1 -LRB- on the PS 1 -RRB- is a magnificent title , and , despite the now-poor graphics , still packs a creepy , dramatic punch , full of melancholia and tense atmosphere . Silent Hill 2 -LRB- PS 2 -RRB- is an Opus , going far deeper into the psychology of fear than many films and novels do , and show exactly how affecting a Survival Horror game ought to be . It was n't action-heavy , but was all the more affecting because of that.SH 3 does none of the above . It takes some highly-accomplished character models , throws them into anonymous backgrounds that lack character and originality , poorly-designed , and rehashes some of the best-loved levels from the prequels -LRB- as I remember , SH 1 had 2 hospitals listed on the map - why are we still stuck in the same one now ?? -RRB- and really pointless characters . Where are the endearing , innocent Cheryls and Lisa Garlands ? The morose , powerfully enigmatic Angela Oroscoes ? The magnificently disturbing James and Marias?Missing . And what we 're left with is Heather -LRB- consummately annoying -RRB- , Douglas -LRB- hopelessly underdeveloped as a character -RRB- and Claudia , a cult member whose total lack of reason and sense of purpose is matched only by the weakness of the game 's ` explanation ' of her raison d'etre . Controls do nothing new , Survival Horror in this incarnation will always be a slightly flawed system , but does the job just fine . Sound is good , too , with the voice acting being of a slightly higher standard than before . Shame the script is so awful , then.I have played Silent Hill 2 repeatedly . I will not play Silent Hill 3 again . Five times through this mess is enough for anybody . If you 're into gorgeous graphics without any substance or atmosphere , knock yourself out . If you 're looking for something a little more mentally challenging , get Fatal Frame 2 or wait for Silent Hill 4 . Very poor indeed .
 This game made me queasy . Not from the gore and heart-punding fear . Simply this game induced the most severe motion sickness I 've ever experienced on the PS2 . This game is so dark ... that is to say , you can hardly see anything on the screen , that you get headaches from squinting and straining your eyes -LRB- even on the highest brightness setting -RRB- . This darkness is , I guess , supposed to be creepy , but it simply fails for the same reason as the previous installments . Where in the previous episodes the screen was constantly clouded with way too much fog , this game 's pitch black surroundings are just frustrating . Combine that with clumsy controls and a constant need to strain your eyes to see and viola ! You get another miserable installment of Silent Hill.As far as the monsters , well , there 's a lot of dogs wrapped up in bandages ... which makes sense since without any light they 're likely to hurt themselves by running into things repeatedly ... which is what the main character does BTW . Not very scary ... it simply invoked the image of my dog after being spayed.The supposed real meanie is a giant bloody sock puppet , that moves in a jerky fashion . Not scary.All in all , the designers in Silent Hill rely on the idea that what the player does n't see is far scarier than what he does ... . it 's sort of a Hitchcock device ... however , when you do catch a glimpse of anything it 's either silly or frustrating.At best , this game is a rental folks .
 Ha you fools all of you , you clowns !!!! HA HA HA ! RESIDENT EVIL 4 is going to beat the pants of this piece of crap ! HAHAHAHAHA !
 What a dissapointment . Before purchasing this game I had gone through all the reviews I could find and determined , from them , that this game must be fantastic . I had played the first Silent Hill game , though not the second as I was low on monetary funds when it was released and had eventually forgotten about it completely . Perhaps if I had played the second I would 've known better than to bother wasting my money on this game . The first Silent Hill was interesting , the lack of any explanation enthralled me as did the atmoshpere . This game however , did nothing but laugh at me for buying it.Survival Horror ? It seems more like Catholic Horror to me . Why does it seem that whenever someone realizes that there are huge flaws in their religous upbrining they must write a book , or make a game from the building angst ? I , personally , am not afraid of God , thus the entire `` plotline '' -LRB- if it should even be called that -RRB- was wasted on me . The atmosphere was good at first , but progressively worsened throughout the game , as it was essentially the exact same thing in every level . The lack of jump factor , while it seemed like a good idea , was terribly done . Instead of removing any excessive amounts of jump factor from the game , it was removed completely , which took away a lot from the game . It did n't have to be an overkill , but when , NOTHING jumps out to get you in the entire game , some of the atmosphere seems to be lost.Some of the other reviews I had read made mention that supposedly this game was `` light on monsters '' . Quite the contrary . Apparently , instead of spreading the monsters throughout an area the developers though it better to cram them all in one room to mill about making freakishly amusing noises and surrounding your character as so they can all smash you to death , another flaw in the yet to be mentioned but horribly maimed battle syestem . While the monsters looked interesting the first few times , the effect wore off quickly until some of the models actually became annoying.I feel I have to touch upon the battle system now . The controls of this system were simple enough , though worked maybe half the time . The game designers seemed to feel that you should only use certain weapons on certain creatures . Trying to use a gun on something that crawls on the floor beneath your knee level ? Too Bad , haha ! Your bullets will all just go into the wall forcing you to attempt to position yourself correctly , wasting all your ammo before switching to a weapon equally as hard to hit the beastie with . So it seemed at least . If it was on the floor , good luck to you in killing it , especially if there 's more than one . The only part of the battle system that seemed to make the game harder , was n't the number of creatures , but simply the controlls.The last thing to be touched upon is the character herself , Heather . According to the Konami site for SH3 Heather is a surprising 21 years of age . This is also discovered if the math of passed years between events remembered in the game is done . Does anyone know a 21 year old girl who speaks to her father in a manner that would imply she is , at the oldest , 15 ? Her mannerisms are very much unlike anyone even old enough to drive . Perhaps in Japan she is smart an mature for her age , but it seems the only thing that frightens me about this game , is that there could be people such as Heather , out and about right now , and that I may , one day , be forced to communicate with them . One would think that a character with her supposed role in the universe might be perhaps , slightly intellegent , as opposed to not at all . I am honestly disturbed that this is what a 21 year old woman is portrayed as , and that perhaps , she is the norm . At least she is wearing clothes though , which seems to be almost too much to ask in most games nowadays .
 This game is basically a just an add on to the first SH . While the second game had an amazing storyline with great plot twists , this has a plot so shallow it made me sick that I paid this much money for it . Waaaaaay too short . For the kind of money I put into it , I expected way more . Graphics and sound are great as ususal , but that just underlines the pathetic plot . Save your cash for SH 4 , which I hear they are working on . But I 'm renting 4 next time , instead of running out and buying . I learned my lesson with this dud .
 Great game ! Scary game!Bla bla bla bla ... . very boring . I am a huge fan of horror games . But , this was very dissapointing . -LRB- A waste of 50 bucks -RRB- . Many people saying that it would give you nightmares ! Hell no ! The reason , I gave it two stars was because of the story and graphics . The gameplay is horrible . Combat is very weak , so you just run away . Also , there 's like a million freaken doors , that have broken handles , and that 's very annonying.It forces you to explore . The monsters just look wierd , not at all scary ! I reccommended Clock Tower 3 or Residnet Evil X Code Veronica better !
 Silent Hill 2 -LRB- SH2 -RRB- is a classic . Silent Hill 3 -LRB- SH3 -RRB- , I just was n't sure about . I bought it because I enjoyed Silent Hill 2 . But after 40 min saw no reason for what I was doing . There very limited ammo so all you really do is run around trying to avoid unrealistic monsters . If you 've played silent hill 2 , you 've been there and done that SH3 is a replica of SH2 with a little better graphics . Now if you enjoy running down hallways buy it or else to what I did , return it and get Fatal Frame 2 -LRB- FF2 -RRB- . If you like SH2 I would suggest getting FF2 .
 Silent Hill 3
 I loved Silent Hill 2 and Silent Hill 4 , I did n't mind Silent Hill at all either but this one just seems like Konami was trying to get male fans and give them something they want - an ugly chick in a miniskirt going around in a dark grousome atmosphere and find it ` sexy ' . I disliked this one for this reason . The gameplay I did n't enjoy either . So this one was out of me . I own the game and prefer the other 3 , this one was the crappiest of the lot . Do n't bother with it .
 I 'm not sure if I would have liked the game or not - the controls were so poorly implemented , that I quit the game after an hour of extreme frustration . I 've been playing first-person and third-person games since Doom 1 days , using a PC . The basic mouse/keyboard control has long been perfected , but the game designers just do n't get it . I routinely purchase a good made-for-pc first/third person game and _ start off _ on the hardest level and enjoy the game immensely -LRB- Deus Ex I and II , all the unreal games , all the doom/hexen/heretic versions , all the Dark Forces/Jedi Knight series , Halo , etc , etc. -RRB- These games all have one thing in common
 Ok , I read many reviews and was shocked how much people like this one . I loved Silent Hill and Even More love for Silent Hill 2 . So The series was moving ahead full speed then this crap came out . The problem starts with the series changing to a female lead character . If you notice they only did it once and then when back to white males as the role . Female as a lead just didnt work , and an ugly as hell one at that . Now that is for me -LRB- which before the sex battle begins I loved resident evil 3 with Jill it just doesnt work for silent hill series -RRB- , it didnt seem to bother some of the other reviewers . Next Problem is the religious crap they stuff down our mouth . It was present a little in the first but this was like 90 percent in this one.The storyline felt like left over ideas that werent good enough for the first 2 . Either way they atleast got back on track with Silent Hill 4 . Skip this one.Con-Storyline-Female Lead-Boring-Monsters-Everything that made the first two not in this onePlus-I think THe Goriest In THe Series-Vincent was a nice add character -LRB- felt like he was a silent hill character -RRB- All in all , I pawned this game . Kept Silent Hill 1,2,4 , Origins . Silent hill 5 and Remake arent any good either . But they are another story . High Hopes for Silent Hill Downpour . Hope this helps .
 The most satisfaction you 'll get out of this game is unwrapping the cellophane and relishing in the thought that you are about to undergo an experience that may change your sanity forever ! After that it 's pretty much all downhill from there . Here is the short list of reasons .1 -RRB- Just like Resident Evil , it 's pretty much the same thing over and over again . The winning formula is applied plus 25 % more action and weapons . But where Resident Evil actually gets bigger , better , and stronger with each sequel , Silent Hill just goes further and further down the toilet .2 -RRB- Monsters are not monsters . They are more like the monsters that get cast for the pilot of a promising new game and then get dumped once the producer says , `` okay , I 'll shell out some money for this project but you better get us some new monsters . `` 3 -RRB- Voice acting is actually more annoying , more terrible , and more pointless than in the original PSX Resident Evil ! Can you believe it ? Yes , someone actually beat a record I thought Capcom could never lose ! 4 -RRB- The most unforgiveably shallow part of this game is its story . I do n't know about the rest of you , but you 'd have to be a pervert , or a catholic priest , to think that the idea of a girl giving birth to some unholy deity is a good concept for a video game . Shame on you Father Yamaoko!But all is not bad because after you beat the game and unlock all the secret weapons you can at least go around and kick butt in Eternal Darkness style ! -LRB- i.e. cut left arm , check ; amputate right arm , chek ; cast shield spell , roger ; decapitate monster , affirmative -RRB- . My best word of advice to all you people who love this game , sit down and evaluate why you think it 's so great . If you do , you 'll probably find that you have a lot of emotional problems yourself that probably ought to be worked out first before you start glorifying this game . Normal people do n't appreciate being misled and robbed of their hard earned $ 40 dollars.Toodles .
 I bought this game not having played any other silent hill , but if they are anything like this game , thank god . This game is horrid . The controls are terrible , the combat is horrible , the main character is weak and embaressing . The story , it was so great that I lost interest in 20 minutes . All in all the only scary thing in this game is the game itself .
 I got this game after seeing the new Silent Hill movie which I was quite surprised by . Not a bad horror film . So I was inspired to revisit the game title . I did a bit of research and found Silent Hill 3 was rated the highest by fans so I chose that one . When I started playing it I was pretty disappointed . It is an old game so I have to keep that in mind , but I do n't evn think I 'd have liked it when it first was released . The story is utterly linear - you ca n't deviate from the one and only possible path . You can only interact with predetermined items . If there 's a small pile of cardboard bloacking your way , you ca n't just climb over it , it 's a dead end . Super frustrating . There are only a few types of monsters and their graphics are terrible . You just end up going in circles . Some cool horror cut scenes but just not a fun game to play . Do n't bother!jon
 I gave it one star because all silent hill games that came out before deserved one star , and people are giving this game a good hype before it even comes out . -LRB- like they did with part 2 , which was extremely boring by the way -RRB-
 Cool monsters , great concept and just a horrible , piece of garbage game . The controls , game play , and difficulty due to the crappy controls and bad game play make this game unplayable .
 My 7 year old daughter picked out this game because she likes Bratz dolls . We were all disappointed to find out that you ca n't actually dress up the girls . All you can do is move arrows to make them dance . My daughter is very disappointed . I would not reccommend buying this game . It is not worth the money .
 I bought this PSP Privacy filter since I play games on the train and watch anime/movies and do n't like it when people stares at it . So , I decided to buy this but to my surp this filter is really bad . Poor quality , it may somewhat give you a little privacy from people next to you but they can still see it . The main issue with this privacy filter is that it really messes up the screen brightness and quality . I do not know how to describe but its like very tiny nets all over the screen . if you do n't believe me buy it and find out yourself.Edit
 First I had a very hard time loading this game . Finally got it loaded and then got a `` script '' error when I started to play the game . Went to the website and found a patch . Downloaded it and things seemed to work fine until I got to the `` Gold Room '' where I got another `` Script '' error . Went back to the website to look for a fix and the website had changed . Now they were offering a free download of another game if you had bought a `` boxed '' version of another game . While I was reading that a window popped up from my Norton Internet Security 2010 saying it had blocked a HIGH Security risk virus from downloading . I then had a very hard time getting out of the website . I double checked my History file to make sure I had entered the correct website sddress . I had . I then sent the company an email about the `` script '' error and the virus problem with their website . So far no answer . So much for Tech . Support .
 Awful . Looks like it was made for an Atari . Mystery Case Files and Hidden Expedition games are much better .
 Preview Title says is all , Dont waste your money on this one . I wish I could get my money Back !
 This game does not work . All $ 9 copies in the market have the same problem . On the website they say download the patch . I did and the patch did nothing . It is a big shame on the company to release a game with all these problems . They suppose at least to withdraw all bad copies from the market everywhere but instead they deceive people by a patch that does not work . What if somebody does not have internet ? What a waste !
 I bought this game but it did n't even work so dont but it . It 's a waste of money .
 I have two laptops , and the game didnt work on either one , and they both meet the requirements . .
 I bought this game and it will not work on my PC . I contacted Viva Media and they sent me the patch and it still does not work . I tried contacting them again and the e-mails keep bouncing back . I would n't by this or any other game from Viva .
 I love puzzle/brain teaser games and looked forward to playing this but unfortunately could n't get it to work . AT ALL ! I tried on three computers before giving up . I wish I could give it a zero star rating just for the sheer frustration I experienced and the time I wasted .
 I bought this game because when I had played the demo years ago I loved it . This 1-disc version is completely useless . I have Vista and have tried every little trick on the Riddle of the Sphinx website and other user tips ... nothing worked ... what a waste should have put the $ 10 in my gas tank at least then I would be assured to get my money 's worth .
 I BOUGHT THIS AND INSTALLED IT AND TRIED TO PLAY THE GAME . IT SHOWED ME AN ERROR MESSAGE THAN I NEEDED A DIFFERENT PROGRAM AND TRIED TO FIND THE PROGRAM I NEEDED TO DOWNLOAD BUT CA N'T FIND IT SO I HAVE THE GAME BUT CA N'T PLAY IT . IF ANYONE CAN HELP ME FIND THIS PROGRAMOR SO I COULD PLAY THIS GAME PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE.AQUACOW57
 I own the X-box version of this game and it is incredible . I rented the play station one just for fun . I knew it would n't come close , but I just wanted to see how it stacked up . This game is of very mediocre quality by to days standards . The first splinter cell that came out for PS2 is better than this one . The PS2 Chaos Theory sort of looks like an early prototype of the X-Box version before detail , texture , high quality graphics and nonlinear mapping were put in . If you do n't have the X-box though , it 's still a pretty fun game , so I 'd recommend at least renting it .
 THESE GAMES ARE STUPID , MAKE NO SENSE AT ALL . YOU CA N'T LIKE THE MAIN CHARACTERS . THIS IS MY OPINION ONLY . I AM SURE PEOPLE LOVE THESE GAMES . I , DO NOT . I WANT ACTION , I LIKE GAMES WITH AK-47 , GRENADE LAUNCHERS , LIKE THE DESERT STORM SERIES . POSSIBLY THE ORIGINAL SPLINTER CELL IS OK . SYPHON FILTER ON PS ONE ARE BETTER GAMES , EVEN THOUGH THE GRAPHICS ARE TERRIBLE . WINBACK
 This would be a great game if the PC and Xbox version of this game did n't exist , but sadly that is not the case . If you have a PC -LRB- most likely you do because you 're reading this -RRB- and a ps2 , go get it for the PC -LRB- or xbox -RRB- . Here 's what UBISOFT failed to mention when releasing this for the PS2 ... the multiplayer Spy VS Merc component is EXACTLY THE SAME as Pandora Tomorrow with the exception of 4 new maps . No new Camo suit , no gas mask , no new weapons for either spy nor merc , oh and also ... no Death Match and no new story mode either !! -LRB- but the PC and xbox version have all of the above -RRB- Also , the CO-OP in the PS2 version is n't online , just split screen . So if you have Pandora Tomorrow ... and you 're buying this to play Spy vs Merc onilne ... you 're going to be paying $ 50 for 4 maps -LRB- oh yeah , they fixed the double jump thing too -RRB- . But if you do n't play online , the single player is okie because all the levels are chopped up and smaller then it 's PC and xbox counterparts -LRB- which means more linearity -RRB- but I must repeat , if you have a PC -LRB- or xbox -RRB- , go buy it for the PC -LRB- or xbox -RRB- .
 Running the risk of sounding really angry , I begin this review . Actually I have very little problem with Ubisoft 's actual game , it 's the physical copy I have issue with . Not even remotely playable . I mean , did the last owner use it to clear thorn bushes or something ? Because that 's what it looked like.So , in short , great game . Unplayable disc .
 i remember these games being more fun . the super slow stealth aspect of the game no longer appeals to me
 I tried it and boy , was it a looser . One of the absolute worst racing games I have tried . Totally not realistic . Lousy graphics , lousy controls , really just a kids game , for ages 5-10 years old .
 Harry Potter
 REVIEWER
 OK . I am a HUGE Harry POtter freak . I am totally obsessed . I have all the books and have read them each at least 10 times . Even the fifth one . When I got this game , I thought it would be way cool , alas , I was mistaken . I do n't really like this game very much , it 's NOTHING compared to other games I 've played . This game is long , tedious , and , well ... boring . You spend most of your time at the stupid `` loading '' screen , and when you are n't there , you are doing some meaningless task that someone tells you to do . BORING . The battle system really stinks , I can never manage to hit anything with Harry 's stupid wand . I say , forget the wand . FIND A SWORD . This dumb game does n't do ANY justice to the greatness of the books.Sorry Harry dear , but this game is at the bottom of MY list .
 Let me start by saying that I too am a Harry Potter fan . Huge fan . As a late twenty-something female , I do n't think I 'm in a huge majority here , but I do love the books and the sense of fantasy , mystery , and adventure that they contain . Also , I really enjoyed the Chamber of Secrets PS2 game so I could n't wait to try this one out.After getting it home and beginning it however , I began to have second thoughts . Usually when I rent a game from the video store , I go out and buy it because they involve hours and hours of complex game play that can not be done in less than a week . This game however , can easily be finished in that time.That is not my main frustration with the game however . The game looks and feels cold and uninviting -LRB- for those who love the books and their sense of awe , that 's missing here -RRB- . The characters in this game are given voices , which is cute at first but becomes VERY VERY annoying when they keep saying the same thing over and over . Here 's an example
 I thought this game was like the other two . Fun and a little bit challenging . but i was wrong . Despite the great reviews , this game is nothing but a disapointment . No new features , no new locations , and for those of you who know all the characters , no trelawny , no hogsmeade , No Boggarts . And you doj n't even get to fly buckbeak . it is just a cut-scene . The only new thing about the game is three new spells . Even thought you get to play as new characters , you ca n't choose which character to play as . This game is most probably aimed at children that do not understand what a good game is . Do not waste your money on this .
 is definitly not the game to buy oyur childeren this coming holiday sesaon . and it just plain sucks
 All I Have To say is that this game is terrible , it 's not a good game to buy you child this holiday season , it is very graphic , take it from me , a child who asked for this gift for my Birthday , -LRB- It was the worst Birthday ever ! -RRB- I tried it and it Sucked !
 Here 's something to remember if you want to buy this game . The game could take less than 2 days to beat even if you 've never seen a PS2 before . The game is n't near as exciting as the book and misses a lot of key parts . There is absouletly no quidditch in this game . I really enjoyed the other games because playing quidditch was so much fun . In this game you mainly watch cut-scences and spend half of your time finding spellbooks . Another great part of the book was the excitement of going to Hogsmeade for the first time . In this game you go to Hogsmeade once and it 's not even scheduled . I give this game 2 stars because I think it could have been much better and more exciting . I would recommend renting this game instead of buying it unless if you want to play it over and over and seeing how many times you cant beat it in a year -LRB- probably 365 -RRB- .
 Nice graphics . But My kids who are fans of The books wer ` nt able to maintain intrest.I 'm sure I will finish it but I bought it for my kids ... So ... . I was dissapointed in their lack of excitement.As a parent I would buy Shrek 2 instead . My children loved itand were instantly into it and maintained intrest .
 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban from EA Games , and does n't necessarily mean you 'll have the same opinion or that everyone else that works for the site will either . That being said , I would advise anyone interested in purchasing the game to change their mind and save their money.I ordered the game from EBgames.com with Overnight shipping and it arrived Wednesday morning . Seeing as the last two PC versions of the game had taken several days to complete and had been quite challenging , this one was expected to be the same . I could not have been more incorrect.The last game from beginning to a mostly-cutscene rescue of Sirius Black -LRB- no , you do n't get to fly Buckbeak to the tower , or ever outside of a learning experience -RRB- , takes almost two and a half hours . The entire game is comprised of basically 4 locations
 This is my personal review of the latest game , Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban from EA Games , and does n't necessarily mean you 'll have the same opinion or that everyone else that works for the site will either . That being said , I would advise anyone interested in purchasing the game to change their mind and save their money . -LRB- ... -RRB- Seeing as the last two PC versions of the game had taken several days to complete and had been quite challenging , this one was expected to be the same . I could not have been more incorrect.The last game from beginning to a mostly-cutscene rescue of Sirius Black -LRB- no , you do n't get to fly Buckbeak to the tower , or ever outside of a learning experience -RRB- , takes almost two and a half hours . The entire game is comprised of basically 4 locations
 After a number of back and forth email contacts with the supplier - it turns out that to use this item on XP , there is a complicated series of changes to the settings of the computer that need to be done . I could n't do it . And a child for sure could not even attempt it . For all practical purposes , this item is not XP compatible . I wanted to return it - and they refused .
 I bought this for our son and we got some use out of it , but sure enough it broke because you ca n't get the games out of this thing without forcing them out . Bummer , dissapointed . The games literally get stuck inside and you have to jerk it back and forth a lot to get the games out . Would not recommend if you want it long term . eventually it 's bound to break .
 Where to begin
 A friend of mine talked me into buying this a couple of years ago so I could shelve my NES to save it any more wear and tear but still play the games if I wanted to . For about 3 years it sat unopened on a shelf . This week I decided to try to use it for my Famicom Disk system because the company -LRB- who appears to be defunct now -RRB- claimed that it was compatible . I 've even seen You Tube video of people using it with the Famicom Disk system.So I finally unboxed the thing and now I have some impressions to share.Positive : Of all of the NES/Famicom knockoffs I 've seen -LRB- and owned -RRB- this is by far the most elaborate.It is styled after the old NES and that gives it a very distinct look.It is the only `` famiclone '' I am aware of that has ports for the original controllers . I have n't tried the controllers that came with it , but most famiclone controllers are junk . The fact that you can use real Nintendo controllers with it is a definite plus.NES games seemed to play with very few issues - it replicated the play experience pretty well - right down to the slowdown when too many sprites enter the screen at once . Again , I was n't using the provided controllers , I was using an NES MAX controller.NegativeThe color pallet is definitely wrong . You may not notice this unless you are really familiar with what a particular game should look like or if you compare it side by side with a real NES , so it is up to you whether this is really a problem . All of the colors are brighter and tinted differently than they are supposed to be.The sounds for NES games seem like the console is using the wrong MIDI library or something . Many of the sounds are just wrong.I think these things must have had very poor quality control . I have heard a lot of people saying that it worked flawlessly for them , and a lot of people saying quite the opposite . Unfortunately I appear to have obtained a bad one , and the fact that it is so old - though I just unsealed it this week - and that the makers - Messiah Entertainment - appears to have gone out of business means that I have little in the way of recourse or troubleshooting.When I insert the Famicom Disk RAM Adapter and turn the console on , the sound is very low and very distorted . The game I did most of my testing with
 this thing looked good in the store , and at the price , it sounded like it had to be good -LRB- I paid $ 60 -RRB- ive seen it for $ 50 - $ 80 . the video quality is really noticeably different from the Real NES , and the sound is sometimes very distorted , it is also made of really cheap plastic , and the controller it comes with , sucks , and the Game Genie usually does n't work in it . if u never played a NES before and you bought this , you would n't know about all this , so just pay $ 50 for a used original NES somewhere with a new pin connector .
 I purchased the NEX Videogame Console recently and was not disappointed . All my games played in it , a couple of the older ones I had to clean first but then they played fine . My favorite feature of this console is it allows you to use the controllers from your original NES , including the zapper!Yes I will agree with the reviews that the sound in some places is a little off and the color quality is n't the same . The games also do fit a little snug . However , if you just want to be able to play your old video games that you thought were forever doomed by that awful blinking screen , this console is for you . If you want every aspect of your gameplay -LRB- i.e. sound/color -RRB- to be there 100 % I would suggest finding a new original NES.UPDATE
 This would be great if the games would load and unload more easily ! I 'm 46 and ca n't get the games out without reefing on the console and my boys have to use a crowbar just about ! We took it back to the store and the salesgal had a hard time getting the game out too . Too bad as it 's otherwise sturdy but the abuse of forcing the game out would ruin something I 'm sure !
 This is a pretty fun game , butthe controls are a little strange . The camera views make it hard to play when it automattically adjusts then you end up going in the opposite direction of which you intended . There are too many functions causing the game to be more involved than it needs to be . The levels and the graphics are to be expected in this game and in referrence to other Blood Omen/Soul Reaver games .
 I am sure this game will be great -LRB- I am currently waiting for it to arrive -RRB- but why do these dumb ... write reviews before a game is even out ? I suggest that more people write 1 star reviews to get this evened out .
 If you like staring at splash screens and listening to yourhard drive spin , you 'll love this game . Once you actuallybreak through to the flying part , it 's reasonably wellconstructed , although nothing like as revolutionary as thereviews would lead you to believe . But the mechanical parts , the set up , the campaign selection , the options -- arepure rubbish . And the amount of time it takes to load isjust flat amateurish . It 's earned a proud place on my `` little used '' file , and it 's likely to stay there.Save your money .
 If you are a hardcore flight sim fan , this is for you . If , on the other hand , you have a more balanced interest in gaming , or are a flight sim novice , stay far away from this title . I originally bought it because of good buzz about the game . However , since playing it and doing some additional research , I have found the comments on pluses and minuses made by gamers and magazines to be right on target.PLUS : - Great graphics-Tremendous variety of aircraft to fly-Good mission editorMinuses : - Godlike AI gunnery . Seemingly limitless enemy ammo fired like a laser . Even through clouds/fog/etc . -LRB- seems like a simple patch -RRB- - Even at 8x game speed , some missions make you feel like you need a crew rest period-Single-player missions seem to have no soul to them . A very cold game.-While there are a variety of ways to change the difficulty level and plane management system , it seems to work out to be either expert mode or shallow arcade style . Hard to find a middle ground-Quick reference card is n't . Way too much info squeezed on it at about a 6 font.In all fairness , I have not tried the multi-player mode , which I understand is quite good . Bottom line , if you like hard-core flight sims , get this in a heartbeat . If you are a casual flight simmer , fly somewhere else .
 I 've been flying the original IL-2 since it came out , and it 's a great game , so I was looking forward to getting Forgotten Battles . I wish I 'd forgotten the whole idea . This game is a real clunker unless you have a cutting edge system to run it on . Just loading a single mission takes five minutes , and even with the graphics turned down to the bare bones it runs like a slide show . My system is a AMD 1gb with Nvidia GeForce 2MX/MX 400 so while its no longer top flight it 's not exactly bottom rung either . I 'll keep the game to use when I can afford a better system , but be aware that you may be in for problems if you do n't have a serious new system to run it on .
 Bought it installed it , no worky , error msg , replaced rts dll . as told still no worky . Tech support is just automated email response.I have heard this is common problem with a lot of there products , I know the Pacifc Fighter starts out with a error msg . And no I never had both products installed at same time.Cheap stuff stay away .
 This game is 90 % hype and 10 % graphics . Highly overrated and very demanding of system resources . Be prepared to tweak your system to suit this game , and if it adversely affects other games - too bad . The sound is the worst I 've ever heard even at that . CFS3 is FAR superior in that area . And , you will need to turn your sound hardware acceleration down just to avoid bugs . There is no `` runway '' selection for free flights . You can only start in the air . So you ca n't test various planes . Graphics are unmatched , though . Lots of eye candy if you have the hardware for it and you tweak your system properly.Rich
 I tried to install this on 3 different PC 's , one running Windows 7 x64bit , one running Vista and one running windows XP and none of them would allow this game to install due to the disk being void of data . I received a disk that was labeled and looked like a game disk yet it was an empty disk , all dressed up lol . Glad it was only $ 4 or I 'd be seriously pissed off haha .
 What a let down ! The storyline , if there is one , is horrible ! The characters are annoying , even Rayman ! UBIsoft , what have you done to the Rayman franchise us die hard fans have come to love since the original 2d Rayman sidescroller game?What is the most dissapointing part is that UBISoft has woven a little `` Adult '' humor , and swearing -LRB- religiously based -RRB- into the game . I was shocked to see this in a `` E '' rated game , let alone a Rayman title.UBI , you really botched this one . Graphics = 8 , Story = 0 , Fun = 0 . You need to re-hire the original game writters , programers , and storyboarders that you had on the Rayman 2 . Pass this game up at all costs ! Get Rayman 2 `` The Great Escape '' instead . There is how Rayman is meant to be played .
 the game is great but i was hving trouble going back to where i left off -- seems i had to start over -- very frustrating
 My motherinlaw and I are big fans of the CSI shows and she thought this would be a great christmas present for me . Boy did we get one pulled over on us . Just as everyone reviewed very , very , very , short . I fired up the discs and was amazed that everything was just like the show and to my avail did not end happily . We both beat the game 3 days after christmas and feel that Grissom should have killed us at the end of the game . Like everyone said good try but more was needed in game play . Call me when we can actually get started . Thank you nita for the gift it meant a lot .
 I can see how this looks like a great idea . Solve the crime by establishing motive , opportunity etc and as far as it goes it 's not too bad . I only gave this two stars because it 's too short.Interface is relatively easy . conversations limited but all game related . Realisation of the characters is excellent , but they do n't actually do anything apart from stand there for you to click on for help -LRB- and if you do that you lose points -RRB- There 's 5 investigations to go through . you could play through each of them in 30 mins tops , Ok maybe 45 for the last one which is the best . That 's not a lot of gameplay for your money.At the end of each investigation you 're rated and the better you do the more bonus material is unlocked . Get top score and all 10 bonus items are available . Get top score in all investigations and there 's a bonus bonus of 10 more.Thing is , these bonus items are the original artists line drawings and , to me , they 're not enough to motivate me to replay this game .
 Ok , this game took me all of about 4 hours of gametime to play . Plus it did n't feel like I was actually doing anything . One of CSI 's problems is that this tutorial never seems to end . There 's always someone standing over your shoulder , pointing out how whatever evidence you 've found ties in to the big picture . What exactly is your role in the detective work ? At most , five clicks . The only real challenge in CSI is finding all the evidence . To do so , you go to various locations and drag the blue cursor around until it turns green . Then you click , and you look at something . You can try your tools , but if you 're on the wrong track your partner will immediately tell you so . `` There are no prints here , '' your partner will say as soon as you take out the brush . Pick the wrong tool for the right job , and your partner will advise you to `` try a similar tool . '' If you ever actually get stuck , it will probably be because you overlooked the single piece of evidence that unlocks the next location . CSI seems like a squandered opportunity . In your first case , as you run the ultraviolet light over a bruised neck and dust a remote control for fingerprints , it seems as though you 're in for a game of investigation and deduction . But all you 're in for is running ultraviolet lights and dusting for fingerprints while all the interesting decisions are made for you . It 's simple , but at least it seems promising at the beginning . The problem is that the game remains simple and gradually loses this promise over its notably short life span .
 I was looking forward to playing this game because I greatly enjoy the TV show . But like someone before me mentioned , it was too easy -- I finished playing it in about 4 hours . There are too many hints and the clues are blatantly placed -LRB- even if you are n't into the game and you just want to win , all you have to do is drag your mouse over various areas and wait for the mouse pointer to turn green , collect the clues , and then it all comes automaticaly together -RRB- . Spoon fed.I do think , however , if it was too hard , people would get frustrated with it . But for fans of forensic shows , or even someone who has basic knowledge , this game is a breeze . Which is frustating in itself , because you play the game , anticipating it getting harder with each level , and that just does n't happen.Hopefully if they make another version of this game , they 'll take some time and think up more complex plots that require greater deduction in order to win .
 If you have played CSI - Miami this is a very redundant game . It is slow moving . Too much describing what to do . You almost have to follow their pattern to solving the crime . Not alot of lab equipment to use . I hated it . BIG waste of money .
 The show CSI fascinates me , but the game does not live up to the show.A brief description - there are 5 cases . Each time you are partnered with a different character from the show - Grissom , Sara , Nick , Warrick , and Catherine . You pick from a list of crime-related locations to visit , and you move the cursor around the area and when it turns green , you can examine closer for evidence . Your partner tells you how you should collect the evidence.Talking to suspects involves clicking on a set list of questions with no chance of error -LRB- you can not ask a `` wrong '' question that will lead the interrogation down a different path , etc. . You will always be able to get the information you need out of them . -RRB- You take the evidence back to Greg , who will instantly tell you what you need to know . Occasionally you use the microscope or computer for print searches , which will automatically give you matches if available.When you have enough evidence , the CSIs spell out their theories -LRB- with brief dramatization movies to show you -RRB- as to how they think the crime happened . I personally believe that they sometimes make unrealistically grand theories based on the evidence you found at that point.When you 've found enough evidence , you are able to arrest the suspect and the case is over and reviewed by Gil based on whether or not you missed any evidence or used any hints from your partner . You can then look at some bonus material -LRB- character/location design sketches -RRB- and move on to the next case . ------------------------- As you can see , there really is no `` playing '' involved - all you do is click the mouse over and over again . Rinse and repeat a couple dozen times , and your case is over pretty quickly . It is very mindless , as you do not need to do any thinking whatsoever to come up with questions or to put together evidence.The frustration kicks in when you miss that tiny little area where your arrow turns green . I 've been `` stuck '' a few times simply because I overlooked a small portion of the screen to click on . It 's true that a real-life CSI can miss little details too , but at least they have the freedom to walk around and take close looks at anything - here , you are stationary and can just turn left and right until your pointer clicks that magic spot.The graphics are not * bad * , but sub par by today 's standards . The characters are a stiff and choppy , and most do n't really look like the guys from CSI at all . The voice acting is below average . Good TV actors do not = good voice actors.The crime storylines are average . There were a few twists that I did n't predict , but overall the storylines are not memorable.That all being said , I did play through all 5 cases and I am now on case 1 of the sequel
 I love CSI . Only non-cable TV I watch . Including CSI Miami even though I find Horatio to be annoying and the gentleman to be a horrible actor -LRB- `` Horatio here . Uh-huh ... yeah ... gotcha ... '' every dang episode on that dang cell phone -RRB- . I bought the game expecting it to be more difficult , more intricate , rather than a point and click environment . The ability to think about a crime and actually investigate it in regards to drawing your own conclusions is not what this game is about . It 's about finding the right spots to click on , the right tool to use -LRB- very easily done , by the way -RRB- , and the right time to annoy the Brass.I ran through the game and solved all 5 cases without problem the first day I purchased it . This includes listening to all the conversations , watching all the movie scenes , which were often taken from the show or very blurred out and poorly rendered CGI sequences . While the game is not hard to win , it was harder to find the right sequence of events and collection of evidence to get 100 % on all the cases . It was n't an act of intelligence , but one of futility.If you 're a huge fan of CSI and just want a little bit of CSI action outside of the show , I would consider the game , but not for much more than the fan-related atmosphere . It does n't pose much in the way of challenging your ability to relate one form of evidence to another and often times hands you the case on a silver platter.What could really make the game enjoyable is if there were plans to add downloadable cases to the game for free from the Ubi web site -LRB- http://www.ubi.com -RRB- for free . But , as with many games , this is a print , box , sell , and forget about game . Do n't hold your breath.As for a run down of the game
 Minimum system requirements state QuickTime 6.0 -- but it does n't tell you that a newer version of QT will make it impossible to play properly . On mine , all the characters displayed as big white boxes . According to Ubisoft support center
 I love CSI . Only non-cable TV I watch . Including CSI Miami even though I find Horatio to be annoying and the gentleman to be a horrible actor -LRB- `` Horatio here . Uh-huh ... yeah ... gotcha ... '' every dang episode on that dang cell phone -RRB- . I bought the game expecting it to be more difficult , more intricate , rather than a point and click environment . The ability to think about a crime and actually investigate it in regards to drawing your own conclusions is not what this game is about . It 's about finding the right spots to click on , the right tool to use -LRB- very easily done , by the way -RRB- , and the right time to annoy the Brass.I ran through the game and solved all 5 cases without problem the first day I purchased it . This includes listening to all the conversations , watching all the movie scenes , which were often taken from the show or very blurred out and poorly rendered CGI sequences . While the game is not hard to win , it was harder to find the right sequence of events and collection of evidence to get 100 % on all the cases . It was n't an act of intelligence , but one of futility.If you 're a huge fan of CSI and just want a little bit of CSI action outside of the show , I would consider the game , but not for much more than the fan-related atmosphere . It does n't pose much in the way of challenging your ability to relate one form of evidence to another and often times hands you the case on a silver platter.What could really make the game enjoyable is if there were plans to add downloadable cases to the game for free from the Ubi web site -LRB- http://www.ubi.com -RRB- for free . But , as with many games , this is a print , box , sell , and forget about game . Do n't hold your breath.As for a run down of the game
 The graphics are fair , the game-play is pretty linear , and the game does n't last long . Though I usually like role-play/simulation games , this one struck me as a bit boring -- you just click on everything to look for clues . I am a big CSI fan which is why I bought this game , but I was a bit disappointed .
 As someone who appreciates CSI for its intelligence , I was disappointed in this game for its lack thereof . There are some really good things about it
 It 's not a bad game , though it is a bit boring . You wo n't find yourself over excited by anthing in this game , and the game harkens back to older games like The Gabriel Knight series and other click on things adventures by Seirra back in the early 90 's . The scenery is a bit boring , and the use of the Quicktime technology looks dull and the animations are all stiff . There is hardly any movement in the game . Everything and everyone stays in the same location , and you can only zoom in on certain areas . The biggest problems are that the game is just way too simple , and way too short . It 's not worth spending anyhing over $ 10.00 on this game , if you ask me . Spending $ 20 , $ 30 , or $ 40 dollars on this is a crime worth investigating .
 I do n't like paying -LSB- $ -RSB- for games that I can beat in two days . It seriously lacks challenge , and even fun . Just go watch the TV show , which I looove . The game speed was horrible due to my 4-year old computer . But it 's only 4 years old , with upgraded memory and XP and I still could n't play the game without a jump every 1 second . Of course , I could n't install the entire game , 1.5 gigs would take up 1/3 of my notebook 's hard drive . As for gameplay , your cursor turns green every time you find something of interest . Why do n't they just write it out in front of you ??? So far , I have finished three cases , 100 % , 100 % and 98 % ... it 's not that hard to get to 100 % despite what other people are writing . I have no clue what I 'm going to do with the game when I finish it in a few days , maybe use it as a coaster . Gamers
 too short , too easy . perfect for up to 12 yr olds but after that the mental jumps needed to solve anything are minimal . a pity
 I just got CSI for Christmas and I ca n't even play the game . The requirement is to have windows 98 , or 2000 . The CSI PC Game bombed on both of my computers . When I went to play the game it gave me an error message that its going to shut down . So now I ca n't even play it . If anybody has played the game before please help me out . How do I install the game for it to work right . Is there another requirement to meet . I meet all the requirements . How do I install the game right ? I really want to play but I do n't know what the problem is . My e-mail address is Jenart3@comcast.net . I would really appreciate it . Thank you very much .
 First off , this game takes up to 1.5 gig of hard drive space , so make sure you have it . In the game you are an CSI intern watched over by one of the CSI cast members for each of the five missions . The cast member is just there for hints , and very , very basic ones at that . There is no interaction with them . You just go to a site , collect clues with the tools -LRB- some tools used only once in all the missions -RRB- and see where they lead you . When at a site , there are a limited number of clues , so you can either hunt for them , or drag you pointer across the screen until it turns green . There are only a few basic tools and nothing fancy or fun . Interaction with people is done with pre-selected questions , so you just click on every question to finish a person 's interview . This game took me four hours to finish at the 90 % level in all missions -LRB- no hints needed -RRB- . They better have a cheap add-on soon , since the game is over way too quickly .
 People here have compared Will Rock with the Serious Sam games . All I have to say is Will Rock has got nothin ' Serious Sam.While the spectacular kill fest in SS nail you to you seat , WS has you yawning after an hour of tedious gameplay.Why . The games are similar in some respects , but SS has that certain je n'ais c'est quis that WS sorely lacks .
 The graphics are excellent in the first-person shooter , but the game is filled with bugs -LRB- bombing out of the game back to the desktop when trying to save and continue ; inexplicable color shifts ; freezing up entirely at times which requires a reboot of the computer . -RRB-
 This game is buggy , but it can be some fun with the patch.A couple of years ago , Croteam 's _ Serious Sam _ gave gamers like me what we wanted
 `` Will Rock '' came out at roughly the same time as `` Serious Sam '' originally did , and fell into that same general category ... a `` brainless shooter '' where hoards of enemies swarm you and you have to wipe out massive numbers of enemies . It 's not a `` special '' game , but it 's quite a bit of fun to play . The storyline , such as it is , is that you 're the `` avatar '' of an Olympian `` god , '' channeling that god 's powers to battle against a variety of enemies who are trying to defeat that god . You become the `` avatar '' during the opening of the game , and while you 're in control , you get special powers and abilities which come directly from Mt. Olympus.The enemies and scenarios are appropriate for that period of time . Unlike `` Serious Sam , '' the game 's lead character is reasonably serious , but the enemies do tend to be more than slightly humorous in how they operate -LRB- the roman soldier skeletons move in an amusing `` high-step '' for example -RRB- . All in all , it 's a fun game . Forgettable , but fun and worth playing.The problem is ... about half of the time , even at the date of release , and probably moreso today , the game simply will not run . It 's well-known that this program used the `` Safedisk '' so-called `` copy protection '' scheme -LRB- which , of course , never prevented a single `` pirate '' from ever making an illegal copy , but DID prevent many , many legitimate users from being able to run the program -RRB- . Safedisk uses a `` blacklist '' as one of its elements , and if you have any example of `` blacklisted '' hardware or software on your machine , the program simply wo n't run at all.What might be `` blacklisted ? '' Oh , any optical drive capable of burning disks , just for one example . Or the program `` process explorer '' which allows you to see what 's running on your machine at any time -LRB- and acquired by Microsoft and provided for free download on their tech website -RRB- . Or ... well , the list just goes on and on and on.I have multiple machines , and I 've only ever owned one machine on which this program would even run . None of my contemporary ones will run the program.It 's a shame , because the program itself is a lot of fun . The DEVELOPERS did a fine job . But they made the mistake of going through the publishing house `` Ubisoft , '' a French company which is widely reknowned for using the most draconian and intrusive `` copy protection '' schemes out there.You 'll notice I put `` copy protection '' in quotes . This is because these schemes have never ... not ONCE ... actually prevented a `` pirate '' from stealing the application or installing it for free . However , they HAVE repeatedly prevented legitimate , paying customers from being able to use software paid for ... WHICH IS CRIMINAL ON THE PART OF UBISOFT , since they have never once offered to refund the purchase price of any item which was disabled by their so-called `` copy protection . `` I 'd sure like to be able to run this . The reason I 'm writing this review is that I recently did a minor upgrade to my machine , and did a clean OS reinstall as a result . I 'm running XP Pro SP3 -LRB- 32-bit -RRB- . The only way I can get this program to run is to remove my twin BD-burners and replace them with ancient non-writable CD-drives , as well as to remove many , many applications -LRB- Nero , for example -RRB- which I regularly use.This is not unique for Ubisoft . They used an even worse `` copy protection '' scheme for the later `` Assassin 's Creed '' games which prevented legitimate purchasers from using their legally-bought-and-paid-for software , and Ubisoft has steadfastly refused to make good on their LEGAL OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE WORKING PRODUCT OR TO IMMEDIATELY PROVIDE A REFUND IN FULL.Ubisoft is , simply stated , CRIMINAL . They are scum , they are filth , they do n't deserve to remain in business , and frankly , their senior leadership ought to be prosecuted . And I 'm not saying that out of emotion ... it 's actually a reasoned , calmly stated opinion.In the case of `` Will Rock , '' they disabled a perfectly good , low-end but `` fun '' game . The game is good ... and worth playing . But I STRONGLY recommend you avoid buying it , for the reasons stated above ... and I strongly recommend you avoid buying ANYTHING from Ubisoft for that same reason.In general ... `` Ubisoft '' means `` will prove to be a hassle to run and will , sooner or later , become impossible to run , even if you manage to get it working at first . `` Every item I currently have which has a `` Ubisoft '' label on the software , today , I have to run using a `` cracked '' version . I 'm no pirate . But I 've had no choice , because EVERY Ubisoft item I own causes such severe problems that the only way to reliably run them is to strip out the publishers `` added on '' so-called `` copy protection '' and run the game as the original developer provided it to them.Remember ... the developers write the software . The publishers package it and distribute it . Ubisoft is not a developer , they are a publisher . They took `` Will Rock '' -LRB- a program and associated media content -RRB- , encrypted the EXE with a copy-protection system -LRB- not provided by the developers -RRB- , put it onto a disk , put that into a box , and shipped it to stores.Thus , Ubisoft has hurt BOTH the end-users -LRB- ie , you and me -RRB- and the people who did the actual work -LRB- the developers -RRB- . I would recommend this game if it could be run . But the odds of you getting it to run are slim to none if you have a modern machine , unless you 're willing to do a LOT of work to strip out every fragment of `` copy protection '' in the game -LRB- and there are several tiers of that , mind you ! -RRB- In short ... if you buy this , think of it like a `` quick-play lottery ticket . '' The odds are , you wo n't get a prize , but if you 're fortunate , you may win something fairly inconsequential but still enjoyable enough .
 This game had a very promising look to it , but alas when played , was pathetic . Every opponent in the game moves 2-3 times faster than your character so it is IMPOSSIBLE to employ any strategy or worse , escape anything . Additionally , most of the rooms with encounters had the monsters continually respawning . My impression was this game was developed by an 15 year old who loves to button mash . Loved the concept of `` I wan na Rock '' by Twisted Sister playing and the Greek mythos monsters .
 This game is a total copycat of the classic Serious Sam , just with updated 3D visuals and audio with different characters in roman instead of egypt . That 's all . Do n't buy it , it 's a waste of your money
 If you 've been told that your finger 's are overweight and in need of a workout , then this game is for you . Otherwise pass this one up , if it 's free pass it up , if it falls out of the sky and lands in your hands do n't pass , run . The constant pressing and alternating of A+B buttons for every single event nearly crippled my hand . About 10 minutes after I bought this game I threw it out my window . It stunk that bad . If I could have given this game no stars I would have .
 This game really -LSB- is not good -RSB- due to the fact that in every single solitary event you have to repeatedly press A and X. I 'm not gon na break my fingers and my controller over that . The only game that 's a little fun in it is kayaking , in which I was able to win . But everything else , including kayaking , was frustraing me and my hand . I could n't even know what was going on with the cycling . The fitness excersices also -LSB- were not good -RSB- because they really did n't help you . I returned this game to the store the very next hour . ...
 OK if you like pushing buttons rapidly
 I was sorely dissapointed in this game ! My son was thrilled with the Olympics and as such , we bought this game to add to our PlayStation library . I wish I had n't ! The graphics are bad and the events are way too difficult ! Many events require you to alternately tap two buttons at the same time to make your athlete swim or run -- it is just too hard and becomes very frustrating for adults and kids ! We put it away and have n't touched it in weeks . Do n't bother !
 This game is terrible . The difficulty level of the qualifying stages make it too hard to actually get to the Olympics , and the arcade version is just stupid . Do not waste -LSB- the money -RSB- on this piece of trash . Heck , if you lived in Australia you might be able to actually see an event for that price . Spend it on the real thing instead of this . The controls are terrible , and you need a strategy guide for sure to have success in this game . Do n't buy it . It is a waste .
 I am a novice table tennis paddler and was thrilled when Singapore got in Olympics . However , thisgame as you can call it is bad !
 This software will not work on windows 2000 or XPIt uses 16 bit password protected files that cannotbe unzipped with 32 bit systemsbetter aircraft can be downloaded
 This product looks nothing like the picture . It 's hideous and is not worth the penny + $ 3.99 shipping .
 First of all the covers are not black with a grey highlight , they are a brownish see-through color with painted on black highlights.Second I bought the brown one as well which was the exact same color and cheap see-through silicone material only without the black highlights painted on.So rather than getting one brown and one black I got two miscolored cheap covers , neither of which look remotely anything like the pictures . I am very disapointed since the shipping costs have all gone down the drain as well .
 I bought three of these silicone skins , black , blue and pink for the wii remotes . The blue and pink both ripped at the bottom when putting them on . Very disappointed . Not as sturdy as the ones that come with the wii . Wanted different colors for the kids .
 The Good : Fits snugly!Enhances grip -LRB- especially nun-chuck -RRB- ! Looks good!The hole on the back exposes the the contact plates for my rechargeable batteries -LRB- this will not be true for all types of rechargeable batteries -RRB- The Bad : It is NOT the same as in the picture ! The part that was supposed to be Black was Grey and the part that was supposed to be Grey was Black . Despite this I accepted it since I can still see my name written on my controllers since the Grey is somewhat see-through . I will be demanding that they send me the correct color . i will update with how that goes . -LRB- I took one star off for this alone -RRB- As mentioned in other reviews the home and power buttons are extremely hard to push . The + and - buttons are somewhat hard to push and the 1 , 2 and A buttons are easy to push but you still will be pressing the cover to push the button.Even though there was already a hole for my rechargeable battery I ca n't use it since the cover prevents me from putting it in the charge station . Admittedly this no fault to the product and was expected -- I just wanted to point this out since some may have been curious . -LRB- no stars taken off for this but it would have gotten 5 stars from me if it worked . -RRB- ---------------------------------- In the end I kind of like it since I mostly play brawl anyway with the gamecube controller and most games do n't have you pushing the + and - buttons constantly and the home and power buttons are n't crucial during in game play so I can let it slide.EDIT
 I 'm a fan of RPG 's , and have played even some poor ones through to completion . That said , I 've had root canals that were more fun than this . The game tries to combine genres and , as usual with that attempt , does nothing well . The game looks promising at the character creation screen , but goes rapidly downhill thereafter . The character plods -LRB- running , the usual default , is difficult to achieve -RRB- , switches weapons with no reason , and the combat is hard to control . The map is dreadful . Village management is a pain . Henchmen seem impossible to obtain in the beginning game , and there is no ramp-up in battle . Possibly the game improves in later stages , I have no idea , I gave up . Save your money and buy Sacred .
 I was OK with the graphics being sort of basic . Not everything can be Titan Quest quality . But , the characters move so slowly , slowly , across the screen , I lost interest in the whole thing . Spent so much time waiting for the hero to get from A to B that in 10 minutes I knew I had just wasted $ 9.95 . Reminds me of games from the 1950 's . Yes , before the home computer was invented , we pushed cardboard icons around a board . It is a little slower than that .
 This is the worst game I have attempted to play in many years . There is nothing good I can say about it-its truely awful !
 I ordered this think $ 6.00 what a deal , but then WOV came and the disk was dirty and scratched ... and its a new product . The computer couldnt even read the disk because of all the scratches .
 For the most part this was a great product , unfortunately the flight patterns of the AI are so erratic that the game becomes nearly unplayable . In every instance it seemed that the AI pilot deliberatly set up for maximal deflection , making the geometry completely untenable . Of course that may be that I did n't put enough hours in on it , but I 'm spoiled by Falcon 4.0
 Wow . It 's been a long time since I 've been angry with a software developer . I bought this game for $ 30 -LRB- $ 25 too much -RRB- at Best Buy , because I 've always been a big fan of flight simulators , and do I feel stupid . The back cover cleverly fails to focus on the exteremely outdated graphics that this game offers . The details of the aircraft are great , however , I would recommend buying a coffee-table book on warplanes instead , if that 's all you 're after . After my first absurdly short and shallow mission `` briefing '' , which was about as long as this sentence , and after the 2-minute load time before each mission ; I took off in my impressively detailed F4 . After about two minutes in flight , I realized that , no , there was no hardware problem with my computer , but rather , the scenery in the game just plain stinks ! There are basically 2 or 3 different textures for the jungle , and they are both ones I 've seen before from games like `` F117A Stealth Fighter '' , `` SEAL Team '' , and `` Operation Wolf '' , 2 of which I 'd much rather invest $ 30 on . I know scenery is n't the core of a flight sim , but on my way to less-than-thrilling aerial combat , or my purely-by-sight bombing of a what is either a 4-polygon mud hut or a SAM radar -LRB- I ca n't tell -RRB- , it 's ALL I 've got to look at . That or I can try to figure out the idiotic view commands to see the exterior of my plane or my target . And finally I come home to land on the carrier , which is difficult , since the carrier is just a mass of gray rectangles , whether from 10nm or from the flight deck . In short , the graphics are sub-par 1995 material . The game does have some great sounds , and the a FEW of the mission details showed some promise -LRB- medals , etc -RRB- , but overall , I was too bored while completing missions to get that far . If you like this game , then get ready , cause I 'm gon na sell mine pretty quick .
 If there were a lower rating than one star I 'd use it . The game would n't load - had to uninstall and reinstall three times . They do n't tell you that the game wo n't work with a joystick . Any joystick . It 's strictly a keyboard game that takes you back to the 1970 's . If you 're into nostalgia maybe you 'll enjoy this . If you like flying , stay away from this piece of crap .
 The main merit of this combat flight sim is actually double : - it enables any aviation enthusiast to get to fly such rare yet remarkable aircraft as the Intruder , Corsair II or Thunderchief . - it gets its users to take part in an under-covered air conflict
 `` Wings Over Vietnam '' is a lackluster survey sim that kept the Rotten Review guessing - mostly shifting from extreme fun to extreme disappointment . WOVN uses the tried-yet-not-quite-true flight-sim engine pioneered in `` Strike Fighters
 Not all that crazy about it . Same goes for the next one , Wings over Europe . Of all the flight sims I have , the only one I truly enjoy is Microsoft 's Flight Simulator Deluxe , and the accelerator makes it truly awesome .
 this game is poor ... if you a person who expecks a game that says your system meets the requierments on the box ... then when you get it home and play the game with the latest patch ... it keeps on leaving the game during play ... saying wings over vietnam has encountered a probelm every mission ... kicks you back to your desktop ... i make my attack on anti-air craft guns ... thier are too many of these in the game with unrealistic ranges ... like a soldier on a fixed machine gun 9.5 miles aways that can shoot at you and blow up your plane ... i find myself falling asleep during the game because the missions are too long to reach the target ... then you have these anti-aircraft guns that do n't blow up after direct hits with everything you got ... when you take off in 3rd person the games camera goes crazy back and fourth left and right ... i knew when this happen i was dealing with a crappy game ...
 I didne ' t like this . I got it at best buy and I coulde n't wait to put it in to my computer . When I put it in I got my wingman joystick and started playing . The joystick didne ' t even work -LRB- it wasne ' t the joystick that wasne ' t working , it was the game . -RRB- It started to freeze . It didne ' t have good graphics . do n't get it . Your going to waste your money .
 Do n't waste your time or money . Ca n't even load it in any of my 3 , thats right 3 , of my XP machines . The only place this thing loaded was into was my trash can . You get what you pay for .
 I bought for my son as a Christmas gift . But he ca n't play because it always asked for the original disk . I need to return or exchange the different one .
 `` Can not authenticate original disc within the time allotted '' is the message shown after install . Too bad it does not work .
 Program would not run . Error said it could not validate disk in alloted time frame . Tried download on two different Windows XP machine and received same error . Program was very inexpensive . Would be happy to pay for real thing . Disk had came in paper wrapper with no security measures what so ever . Bought it straight through amazon.com instead of trying to find cheaper vendor . Very dissappointed .
 It would of been nice to know that this does not work for Windows 7 . I tried everything , even ran it in compatibility mode for old Windows Operating Systems . It was only 8 dollars , but it felt wasted to me . It would be nice for it to be said somewhere that this does not work on newer Operating Systems . Of course , you could always build a virtual machine with Windows XP , but that almost defeats the purpose .
 I have a Windows XP PC and could n't get this game to run . There seems to be a problem with QuickTime -- Bad Mojo objected to my newer version on install and wanted to replace it with its older version . I really wanted to run the game , so I replaced Quicktime , but the game still crashed at a necessary cut scene . After reading some forums , I decided I 'd have to uninstall QT in `` safe '' mode to fully clear it from my system , then let Bad Mojo install its version . After that , it crashed on startup . Tried compatibility modes , then tried reinstalling the latest QT , with no improvement . And note that there is now NO customer support for this game if you run into problems like I did . I mean ... it 's only a few bucks , but now I have this tempting yet totally unplayable game , plus I spent two evenings trying to get it to run . Very sad .
 I apparently should have paid more attention to the synopsis when I bought it , but I was not prepared to have my character crawl over extremely realistic bloodied rat carcasses to play this game . I lasted about five minutes before becoming so disgusted I had to quit . I assume teenage boys LOVE this - I did not .
 I paid $ 19.99 at Target and saw it here at Target the next day for $ 14.99 . The game is only fair . I do not like third person shooters , I prefer first person shooters.The inability to save in the middle of a game also sucks . I got through a hard sequence and got killed . To start over and go thgrough it again takes about 10 to 20 minutes just to get killed again.After playing it once or twice it is probably shelfware . Not bad if you pay $ 6.99 and like having your time wasted .
 Yes , I started off enjoying this game.Unfortunately , there is no save game option except on manhole covers , so unless after an hour of play you run around back and forth to save on a manhole cover , you have to start again.Graphics , smooth and beautiful except for the occasional hiccup which stays on your screen and pushing esc is a temp fix.But after a while this game just gets mundane , I think to myself what is the point of this game?If you like jumping over barrels then you will really like this game , if you want a little bit more then buy something else .
 basicaly 1503 ad isnt that fun . its to complex and to much stuff that dosent do much but you need to continue on in the game . 1602 ad is a really fun game if you buy this and dont like it there is a good chance wat you wanted is somthing like 1602 ad .1602 is just cpmlicated enough and has many challenges like pirate muraders and valcanoes , and drought , so if you dont like it you should give a try to 1602 ad . why becuase its better .
 First off let me just say I am an avid gamer , I love all kinds of games as long as it captures my interest and I am easily captivated . This game installed into my computer and got shelved within a week of playing it . This game had the potential of being something great but lacked heavily in the graphics and interface department , someone over at EA should get there butts chewed for this . At first glance it 's rather deceiving unless you have a place to play it first before you buy it , this game will rob you of your money , I 'm glad it went down to 20 bucks because like the idiot that I am , I brought it when it first came out . Even then it 's not worth spending 20 bucks for it . Let me start by saying how the game actually felt like when I first played it , I had a confusing time with the interface , now I have played strategy games and SIMS like Age of Mythology and Casino Empire and for love of me I could not figure out what to do with the controls . I had to sit there and read the manual word by word in order to understand it . After several hours with the manual I began to see the potential this game could be but spending so much time on the manual I was hoping to see awesome graphics display or something but all I got were a few cut scenes that an an old game like Starcrafts cut scene could 've easily put this game to shame . I do n't understand why the developers would make a game so confusing for the average person and not compliment it with nice graphics so they could at least keep their interest at bay until they figured out how to play the damn game . It 's obvious this game is n't intended for the norm . I believe rocket scientist or brain surgeons would love this game because it ' a a challenge just to figure it out . In a word `` stinks '' ! And to charge 30-40 dollars for this game when it came out is absurd . ... , for every one good game EA puts out there , there are 10 that 's sure to suck . Last time I 'm buying from them . Consumers you have been warned .
 I bought this game used for really cheap so I 'm not mad about the money I wasted but I am ticked about the time I spent trying to figure this stupid game out . First , the tutorial taught me just about nothing . I had to read the manual over and over again . My sheep NEVER had enough grazing land even though everything was cleared . I could n't for the life of me figure out how to make or buy tobacco . I only found 2 cultures and I could n't even sign a treaty with one of them . If I managed not to lose my scout , the only thing I ever found was more mineral deposits that did me no good because I could n't build on any other islands but my own . All I did was watch my money go down and down and down . I wish they would of made this game a little more user friendly . It might have been enjoyable then .
 This is a game for 5 years old . A real economy does not function like that at all ! It needs a government , rules , accounts and so on . It is impossible to really control anything in this game where really annoying things happen -LRB- why prevent those stupid potatos to reach this stupid tavern for the only reason that a piece of mud road is missing ! -RRB- . This is not the sort of thing that makes a game funny!I am still looking for a strategy game where invading your neighbour is not the only way to win and where the economy functions on a truly realistic basis . This is not the one -LRB- despite fun graphics -RRB- !
 so ship already , then we 'll know , wo n't we
 As a big fan of strategy games , I was excited to see 1503 A.D. . I bought it and followed the tutorial , thinking all along of building an empire and once again ruling the world!What I found was one of the slowest moving games ever . I mean slow , man . Take it from me , I have spent hours working on a Sim City , or building just the right combination of strength in an Age of Empires . This game is so damn slow that it takes days , literally days , to get any real excitement out of it.The basic premise , as far as I can tell , is that you need to gather a few islands to farm and develop and then start trading with yourself and other civilizations . Building your empire and shipping tobacco , whale blubber , and the like to each island . Taking the money you earn to build things . This is a sound concept and could have been much better if it did n't feel like it was truly `` real time '' . The problem is that it takes so damn long to develop , it just becomes a hassle , and you just wait and wait , and nothing more happens . So it 's kind of like a slow Rails Across America with ships not trains , and Age of Empires without the fear of getting invaded.Overall , there are a lot more interesting games out there , why bother waiting around for this one to get interesting .
 Build through power , build through peace and build through pure frustration . This game is so complicated , that its a drag to play . First of all I 'll start by saying that the graphics look spectaculaire . Secound of all it takes for ever to do any thing in the game . You 'll try to explore , manage a growing empire and build a thriving colony over many many days of playing . You 'll constantly run into money problems and to this day I still ca n't figure out how to set traid routs . Dureing this game you will rarely get attacked on land and your traid boats will conatantly get harrsed by pirates and your enemys . This game looked good on the rack in the store , but when you start to play it you 'll relize that the game isnt that great . If you want a good stratigy game , get strongholed or age of empires .
 This is a great idea and my daughter would have loved it but the software is too old and will not work on modern computers . I contacted software support but was told they no longer offer support for this product . I went to their website and found that there is no patch available for it either . I set my computer up to run the software in Windows 95 mode but it still would not work . Their website instructs if you have a Pentium computer then this software will not work at all .
 Unfortunately we could not install -LRB- or rather the CD was imcompatible with our version of Windows -RRB- the CD ordered because apparantly it 's an old version and we have Windows XP Home . So , I guess we waisted the $ s , unless you have some sugestion as to how this can be installed . It would have been nice if we were made aware of this when ordered.HPardellBarbie Team Gymnastics -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB-
 It did not perform correctly . It says you can make your own routines and practice different skills . I could n't get it to do anything but have a performance sheet - which always stayed blank !
 This is a great IDEA for a software title - unfortunately it 's a big disappointment to the kids if your computer wo n't run it - as our 2-year old Dell would n't . It started out okay , but about three minutes in , a warning comes up stating `` CPU Not Supported . '' So make sure your computer -LRB- not just your operating system -RRB- meets the spcifications before you buy .
 Two of my favorite types of games are First-Person Shooters and Flight Simulators , naturally this game grabbed me right away and I bought it . I thought it was the greatest thing out there ... for the first two weeks then I went back to Day of Defeat ... The Good : This is a one of a kind game , in the fact that it is the first WWII online game to let anyone pilot or drive any vehicle you can get your hands on . This is also one of the first games to let you play with 64 people at the same time . That is about were the good goes sour.The Bad : Yeah vehicles are a good idea , but the physics of the Jeeps , APCs , Planes , tanks ... and every vehicle in the game seem skewed . The land vehicles slide all over the place making it tough to manuver on treacherous terrain . After some getting use to it though , you can manage . Playing with 64 people is great , except finding a server with that many people playing is difficult . I have seen maybe 3 or 4 64 player servers with A
 There 's ONLY 6 additional missions & they are all instant battles . The missions are harder -LRB- even in Easy mode -RRB- than the original . There 's a few new weapons , vehicles , & airplanes . On the Allied side , there 's 1 mission where you play as the Americans , 3 as the Frenches , & 2 as the Britishes . The Italians ' uniform -LRB- not uniforms , ... -RRB- looks a lot like the Americans ' one which can be a little confusing when the `` name '' of the soldier does not appear -LRB- happens sometime -RRB- on top of him . & the Frenches wear the Britishes ' parachutist uniform .
 This game has 6 maps in it , all are a major pain in public online . If you are in a group of players that go against other groups , you may like perhaps 2 of the 6 maps . But it shows how many people do not like road to rome , since out of an average of 1600 bf1942 servers online , only around 20 or less are rtr maps . Even EA stopped playing their constant Road To Rome servers , cause no one would join the server . If you are looking for a good bf1942 expansion , go buy Secret Weapons .
 Since the second X-Pack -LRB- Secret Weapons -RRB- is going to be released in about two weeks , I thought it might be interesting to provide my thoughts on the very first X-Pack -LRB- Road to Rome -RRB- which was released some months ago ... Most of the reviews for the first X-Pack on this Amazon page are quite old and were made right after the Road to Rome X-Pack was released . They are positive reviews ; but I would suggest that should those very same reviewers write about ` Road to Rome ' today , they may indeed have a different perspective on this first X-Pack . As much as I loved the Original ` Battlefield 1942 ' , I was ultimately quite disappointed with ` Road to Rome ' . Indeed today , current on-line ` Battlefield ' players seldom play the ` Road to ' maps anymore and instead prefer to play the original ` Battlefield ' maps . The ` Road ' x-pack provided inferior weapons , unacceptable map gliches -LRB- to be mentioned later -RRB- , silly placement of defensive fixed weapons -LRB- such as AA guns in unlikely defensive deployments -RRB- , and an overall uninteresting and rather boring gaming experience . As one writer -LRB- at another on-line forum -RRB- put it , ` why would I want to spend money on an X-Pack that gives me weaker weapons than in the original Battlefield ? ' Granted EA was trying to be ` historically correct ' as the weapons of the ` French ` or ` Italian ' armies -LRB- in ` Road to Rome ' -RRB- were certainly inferior to the armies -LRB- US , Russia , Germany , Japan , -RRB- found in the original ` Battlefield ' game . But ` historical correctness ' does not make for a fun x-pack game ; especially when your weapons are weaker than the original ` Battlefield ' game and are less fun to play or use.Regarding the ` Road to ... ' maps , they are beautifully detailed , and richer in devlopment and scope than the original ` Battlefield ' maps . Unfortunately , they are also much more boring to play -- hence today they are rarely played on the Internet ; while the original ` Battlefield ' maps continue to be played daily . They ` Road to Rome ' X-Pack maps are boring for a number of reasons , some of which I will detail here :1 -RRB- Unfixed Map gliches
 Being a huge fan of the Mad Max movies , I bought this game in an instant as I 've gone through a bit of a NES craze the past little while . As it turns out ; this game does not work in clone systems . You can watch the intro video which is actually a pretty cool 8 bit retelling of the opening of Road Warrior , but then you 're left with a screen in which no controls will respond.As for the actual game which I tested on my real NES
 I bought these and a few months later the cords started to rip . Then soon after that the sound quality failed and other players could not hear my mic . It is cool for a back up or if you want to save money . But if you 're looking for a quality product get something a little more sturdy .
 I purchased Two of these and neither one worked . Was n't able to use at all . I guess that 's why they are so cheap You are better off buying the real thing .
 I bought 3 of these so we would have extra . First one lasted 2 weeks and the second one lasted 1 week.Just stopped working , wireing not torn apart , I can find nothing pulled or lose to cause them to stop working . I know they are cheap but I would expect them to last longer.Will not buy anymore ! Only person wearing them was my 10 yr . old grandson.GUESS YOU DO GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !
 When I ordered a headset it was supposed to be the pro . ones and I was pretty disappointed with them .
 used it a little over 3 months , the speaker was broken . Email to JPQuality , the seller , and got respond very quickly offering a replacement . So far it is working for about one month .
 Cheap . Cheap . Cheap . Thats really all there is to say . Wont even work . It worked for like five seconds then nothing .
 This headset was horrible , it broke within a week . i switched over to a wireless headset it work great
 I bought this to replace the original headset that came with the Xbox , which I accidentally broke . This one feels sturdier , but that 's the only good thing.Though the switch is near the controller which makes it easier to mute when needed , -LRB- I 'm not one of those annoying people who have conversations with other people or talk on the phone while my microphone is on -RRB- but the switch is very cheaply made . The switch does n't slide smoothly , it has to be forced , and the volume control is even worse than the switch.I like having the microphone on the right side of my face , but this one only allows it to be on the left . The microphone itself is very poor quality , it has to be almost in my mouth for anyone to be able to hear me , in fact I had to take the foam cover off to make it easier for it to pick up my voice.The whole thing is uncomfortable , too . I had to take the ear pad that came with it off and put on the thicker one from my broken headset , and had to try to force the head band thing to bend without breaking it so it did n't squeeze against my head . Still , after a mere hour or so , the headset becomes extremely uncomfortable.I gave this headset 2 stars because it could be worse , I guess . It could have broken already , like some people have commented . I should have bought another of the basic set that came with the Xbox .
 Really tight around my head and I have a small head . Dont buy go get real Microsoft headsets for $ 15 thi is not worth it .
 This headset did not even last a week . I was very disappointed in the quality . It broke in half within the first week of use . The original Xbox 360 headset lasts a lot longer .
 I bought 4 of these new on ebay . First one didnt last the first night . Second didnt last 3 days . These things are total garbage . Spend $ 20 on a new original xbox360 headset and save yourself the head ache .
 Look , I was one of the people that saw the stars and price and went ahead and bought it . BAD IDEA.This thing is a piece of crap -- it did n't work for me at all . -LRB- how this has close to 5 stars , I 'll never know -RRB- I was playing online with a friend and I was breaking up , HE was breaking up , and it even completely muted me for a while . It was WORTH 5 bucks , that 's for sure.PROS
 cheap broke were it adjust to the size of ur head an people on live told me it makes weird nosies
 Okay i know this looks ust as good as the headset xbox used to give you but its not . this headset it a lot CHEAPER !! buy this if you know you are getting a good headset lie turtle beaches or trittons in the next week because this lasted me atleast 4 days up to a week but not 2 weeks for sure . so this is a very short term replacement .
 This headset is cheap . It 's uncomfortable and only fits on the left side of your head . If you have a larger sized head , the adjustments wo n't go all the way down to your ear . Just dissatisfied with the product overall .
 Was shipped on time , arrived quickly , however the microphone only kind of works and the earphone does n't work at all . Not that I 'm surprised after only spending 4 bucks , but I was still a little disappointed it did n't work at all .
 It gets the job done , but it broke with in a few weeks of owning it . It is also not very comfortable .
 if you need a back up headset this is great i use them when i dont feel like using my turtle beaches so i wanted to go cheap . but they arent very comfortable the plastic is not flexible at all no its tight on my head but i do have a big head lol . you might get lucky if it fits your head but i would not recommend them for everyday use . o and one more thing the mic is alot more sensitive than a Microsoft one so you really cant have your game sound up to loud it will pick it up
 The audio with these headsets is way quiet . with any amount of other noise in the room you ca n't hear your teammate talking or if you have the tv turned up to even a low level you ca n't either . I would spend the extra $ $ and get a decent set . these are a HUGE disappointment .
 this is a pice of crap DO NOT BUY THIS you would have more enjoyment by throwing your mony down the craper just go to wal-mart and spend the extra cash and buy a good 20 $ one as soon as i got it 1st it didnt fit my head and im smallish 2nd i couldnt hear not a dang thing outa it 3rdall the other players online herd nothin but static comeing from my mic 4th it broke after the first night .
 This headset was great while it lasted.My son used it for about 3 days before it broke.The ear piece fell off and would not fit back on.The wires connecting also came apart.This was an inexpensive headset , and I learned , you get what you pay for !
 I got this and when i used them it fell apart . Piece of junk . Never again will i order these .
 I realize that my 12 yr old can be a little hard on headsets ; but 2 sets within 1 month ? No way ! We think the biggest problem was that the headphone wire would break somewhere within the wire casing , so my son would have to hear his friends through the TV and wear the headset to speak with them . We understand nothing lasts forever , even the cheaper Microsoft headsets for $ 20 each broke , but they at least lasted around 9-10 months -LRB- and my son was a few years younger -RRB- . If we were purchasing for an older teenager or an adult , we 'd go with a higher quality headset costing around $ 50-100 ; but since most younger kids tend to be a bit reckless and would probably break a pair of high dollar headsets as quickly as a bargain set ... but these are no bargain . We suggest to spend a few more $ $ and get a longer lasting product .
 I got the package in the mail , opened it , plugged it in to my controller and it did n't work . No one could hear me and I could n't hear them . I was defiantly not happy .
 i bought this hoping it would last a while but once i opened it it wasnt even in an original package and it was very flimsy and unsatisfying
 i got the headset and when i looked at it i noticed some exposed wires that go into the part that plugs into the controller . i can here other people but they cant hear me . dont waste your time even thinking about getting this headset . worst investment ever ...
 This mic worked for a good ten minutes before stopping completely . This is a completely abysmal excuse for an Xbox headset . The cord even came detached just for good measure to make sure it never worked again .
 I received this headset and it barely works , the volume has issues and crackles constantly . Everyone had problems hearing me so the mic doesnt work well . not worth the money i spent on it even if it wasnt that much . Pretty much unusable .
 Alright this thing did n't last me 5 days or so the wiring came out it 's a piece of trash good thing i am buying a wireless and it is gon na ship in 2day - -
 Everything about this game pales in comparison with the first Knights of the Temple.Gamestyle - This is a boring RPG a la the old Nintendo gamesGraphics - More like 1990 's choppy blocky styleCombat - Again , more like the old Nintendo games , with very little swordmanship.Atmosphere - More like japanimation than medieval Europe.Also the game aims at attacking the Catholic Church , and glorifying the jihadists that were invading Europe during the middle-ages . ZERO STARS !
 I saw this game at my friend 's , the first thing that offended me was the war against Islam and being so racist calling people defending their country terrorists -LRB- but that 's up to what Westwood think right ? -RRB- . My friend has a very high end machine -LRB- P4 2.4 , 512DDR Ram , 64Mb ATI VGA , etc. -RRB- and it could play the most demanding games like WCIII or the poorly coded GTA3 and the awesome Vice City.This game totally sucked at his machine , GTA3 was way better -LRB- I think GTA3 did n't work fine on low end machines cause it was originally coded for PSX , but Rockstar games did an awesome job on Vice City -RRB- . Well , if you own a super computer with a high end -LRB- 128 + -RRB- VGA card , and you 're not offended by the racism and wrong political views of the game then buy it.Otherwise , I recommend that you find another RTS game . . I 'm sure not waiting for any other RTS games from WestWood studios , I guess RA2 will be the last game I got from them .
 Let 's review
 I have waited for this game for months and when it finally arrived it was in my PC not three days after being released . Besides to number of items you must have to make the game run smoothly like the correct chipset , the game locks up my PC every time I play it . I have followed the instructions , made sure I have the correct software and hardware but nothing makes it stop locking up . I have a brand new 200 machine , 7500 video card and sound care well past the minimum requirements . The game is very enjoyable but HIGHLY unstable . Be ready for a few hours of aggrevation .
 Once again EA has produce a game that lots of people will buy because of the brand but the game play is absolutely appalling . The only thing that is good about the entire thing is the 3D graphics which everyone agrees but only work with the most powerful machines.The AI of the units are bad - they never responds themselves when attacked , the story line is bad - China did n't invade the US , the movies in between the levels are gone - no more US President fleeing to Canada jokes , the sexy secretaries are also missing - No more real life Tanya either , the music is also extremely bad - it 's too soft , this should be the background music for SimCity ... NOT C&C. ; The passion for C&C ; is noticeably missing from the programmer . The entire package is rough round the edges . I still remember in the previous releases of C&C ; we have a person devoted to build the installation program so that it takes you directly to the C&C ; experience once you have put the disc into the drive ... This is no more.To build any building , it 's now required to use workers or its equivalent and click on a spot to build it . The old C&C ; build mechanism is gone and the more complex and annoying building method that is stolen from Warcraft and Ages of Empire is used instead.All this add up to slow games as people build and build and build rather than concentrate on the more interesting and innovative part which is the fighting!I would love to see EA being brought down and some real innovative / committed game company to succeed .
 I 've been playing C&C ; games since the very first one . Even before that , Dune 2 . Renegade and Generals both -LSB- stink -RSB- . C&C ; : Yuri 's Revenge is one of my all time favorite games ever . WW is ruined.Give this game a 1 star to protest . We want the old WW back .
 I 've played every C&C game since the original , and this is by far the worst . Not being able to escape past the videos is annoying . The AI , which has generally been very good in C&C games is aweful . The single player campaigns are very short , and the overall game controls are poorly designed and implemented . Not worth the price ... wait 6 months and buy it out of the bargain bin .
 This is 2003 , and I for one have completely had it with Westwood 's ridiculously bad AI . We took this kind of unit stupidity in 1992 with Dune 2 when the RTS genre was new , but when is Westwood finally going to wake up , smell the coffee , and realize that they ca n't just keep putting new graphics on the same game , give a minor gameplay tweak here and there , ignore the AI and corresponding strategy elements , and expect us to dutifully keep swallowing it and shelling out the bucks?What was the original C&C 's gameplay like ? Click click click click , build build build build , then click to attack -LRB- or defend -RRB- with your hundreds of units . Repeat . And repeat . Until someone edges out a win because they clicked slightly faster , or the tiberium is done and a victory is squeaked in via attrition . Now fast forward to 2003 and C&C
 while the game it self is enjoyable , if you can play it , the game is plague with bugs , and saddled with ea horriable tech support . They released a patch that was supose to fix probelms with the fx geforce , delayed the patch for two weeks for testing and QA/QA Testing , yet some how over half the items that were supose to be fixed in the patch , including the geforce fx fix were not fixed . I open a ticket with ea after the patch . Before contacting them i had uninstalled and reinstalled the game , and stated so in my ticket , however not only can ea word not be trusted , it appears tech support can not read , cause they had me uninstall the game again , dispite me stating that this had just been done , before contacting them . When the probelm could not be solved after the second uninstall , they told me I was infored that it appears there are still probelms with this graphics cards series , despite the fact that they claimed to fix , and they let me know if they ever fixed . Of course i had come to the conclustion before contacting them.so if we want a buggy , no support game , go ahead and buy it .
 I have waited for this game for months and when it finally arrived it was in my PC not three days after being released . Besides to number of items you must have to make the game run smoothly like the correct chipset , the game locks up my PC every time I play it . I have followed the instructions , made sure I have the correct software and hardware but nothing makes it stop locking up . I have a brand new 200 machine , 7500 video card and sound care well past the minimum requirements . The game is very enjoyable but HIGHLY unstable . Be ready for a few hours of aggrevation .
 I 'm a big fan of Real Time Strategy games . I 've played all the C&C ; games , Warcraft games , even the turn based strategy games.Command & Conquer games where great for a number of reasons :1 . Really good techno/industrial sound track2 . Really good back story -LRB- caine or Tania etc -RRB- 3 . Awsome cut scenes -LRB- either 3d or live action using good actors -RRB- 4 . Intuitive interface5 . Beautiful graphics6 . Excellent game play.With Generals , there is a poor sound track . A very weak back story , -LSB- poor -RSB- game engine style cut scenes , clunky interface and the game play is poor . The graphics are nice , but they look like a copy of Warcraft III.While it is n't the worst game I 've bought -LRB- that would be MOO 3 -RRB- , I still would n't recomend it .
 I am a C&C ; fan but was very disappointed by the latest release , C&C ; Generals.A lot of problems are still there , you would imagine them being fixed by now . The AI is still just stupid & predictable , units dont respond when fired at , pathfinding sucks . There is no storyline . Missions are repetitive , too easy , too few in number and all of them boil down to ` blow up the enemy base ' . The AI still cheats , it keeps building faster than you even without any income , it knows exactly where any of your buildings is located without ever entering your base or using a spydrone . Multiplayer is still plagued by the tankrush . It is too bad the navy has been eliminated.even though the graphics are superb and it is a lot of fun to nuke the enemy base it takes more than that to make a great game.Needles to say the game is not playable on the recommended system , you need something far more powerful.Buy it used , it is not worth the full price .
 Unlike other reviewers on this site , I did n't experience any skips or slowdowns with this game . I 'm running a 1.1 athalon and a 64 meg Nvidia 256 . To be fair , I also have about 512 megs of ram wich probably helped.The game itself was ... . generic . Politically , this game should make anyone with any kind of knowledge of world events sick . The plot , such as it is , so oversimplifies world events that you really almost feel guilty for playing such a narrow , closed minded , flag waving cartoon of life . If the gameplay was n't at least halfway decent , most people would n't play this at all . And gameplay is where this game departs , radically from the rest of the series.Make no mistake , this is NOT C&C as you know and love it . In fact , the first time I got a good look at the game screen I was reminded of Blizzards ` Craft series of games . The command bar is on the bottom of the screen rather than on the side and you have to make Bulldozers -LRB- peons ? -RRB- to build structures . Aside from that the old staples of C&C are still there ... kind of . You still have to watch your power supply and you still gather the one resource of the game automatically , more or less . The problem I have with this game is that the few small changes to the game play make the whole thing look and feel more like a modern day version of Starcraft than C&C . The result is a game that feels generic in every way . Oh yeah , and the AI is even weaker than that of RA2.All said and done , this is a well made RTS . This is not C&C as we 've known it and if you expect it to be you will be disappointed . If you 're looking for a traditional RTS to fill your time , there are cheaper games out there that do the exact same thing . What this game gets in graphical power , it loses in overall design . Buy Age of Mythology or Warcraft 3 if this is your thing . If however , you 're a die hard C&C fan , you should just keep playing Red Alert 2 and wait patiently for the next part of the series to come out .
 To tell you the truth , I 'm flat out dissappointed . With all the hype I 've been hearing about this game and how excited I was leading up the game coming out to buy it and play it is just unbelievable what I saw . The graphics are poor , maybe a little better than previous Command and Conquers . And you need so many requirements on your pc to make the game run the way it should . Overall I 'm highly highly disspointed . And as a matter of fact I 've already sold the game to a buddy of mine . So do yourself a favor and borrow it from a friend and check it out before you go and blow 40 bucks on a game thats worth about 10 .
 The good
 First I bought the game -LRB- it 's command and conquer generals ! -RRB- . The only thing that it has is the build boxes and maps the same . My 100 $ video card could not handle it so I went out and spent 400 $ on the top of the line video card . I started playing it and there are no movie scenes with actors that people know and like . So I have to sit through a senerio boot up for 3-5min staring at my computer screen . Next time I 'll wait until it 's under priced and see it on my friends computer .
 It 's a great game but a lot of system requirements . The game only let you play if you have an nVidia GEForce2 or an ATI Radeon 7500 video card . If you have another one you can play even if you have the latest drivers of your video card . For me , it 's a monopoly . So , I bought the game and now I have to buy a video card because the game is not running with my configuration . Always gets
 I bought this game , it worked for a week . I began receiving fatal error messages . Attempted to contact customer support , no glory . Checked on EA 's website , all they offer is a forum where techs post replies to problems . They told me that my chipset is not supported . The box does not list my chipset as not being supported . The game scanned my PC and said it met all system requirements . Do n't waste your money .
 This game is a definate dissapointment , i 've played some of the early C&C ; games , the most recent being Tiberiun Sun and Red Alert 2 . In both you were engaged in a great and thought out story line in which you were face to face with great and familiar actors . And thats why i bought this gam , e not for multiplayer -LRB- although i was planning on playing multiplayer -RRB- and yet there no story line what so ever . You go mission by mission with a loading screen that says - Many comrades have fallen - Take out enemy so and so - Then destroy so and soI was looking forward to seeing amazong cut scened of MiGs striking down enemy scud launchers and working with the President in taking out an enemy terrorist threat . Now i 'm not gon na sit here and downplay the entire game , the single player missions are nthought out and well made , but the campaigns are short as far as i know do n't have an auotmatic save , what i mean by this is if you leave while at mission 5 expecting to see a list of all the mission on which you can select the on you wanted to play , you would n't find one , i found this out the hard way about 4 missions into the U.S. campaign . So the next day when i decided to try multiplayer i entered my birth date , pass , nick ect . and hit create account only to find a scren pop-up every time saying `` This password is incorrect '' . How can the freakin password be incorrect if it has n't been made yet . I messed around with the password making sure to make alot of letters in case you need a certain amount , and tried only numbers and only letters and still nothing . So i 've yet to play multiplayer and the this game has n't kept me entertained for a week , guess i 'll have to stick with starcraft and Westwood 's Red Alert 2 . And by the way do n't get W3 , its a maor dissapointment too .
 EA should never have tried to improve upon a series that 's so different from there normal field of work . Insulting to the C&C series , this game has poor graphics , music , and none of the trademark realtime videos -LRB- who does n't want to see Jessica Alba leaning over to the camera with a low-cut tank , to talk about battle strategy ? -RRB- But my biggest conflict with this game is the whole GLA concept . I mean who wants to play a bunch of focking camel-jockies with their suicide crapola and false-sense of dignity ?
 Buying this game when it came out was a mistake i think to this day . C and C previous titles were ones to marvel at , this one is one to chuck in a garbage can . The missions are somewhat amusing and the terran is ok , but the subject of the game that really mad me , dare i say , cry , was the game 's shortness and terrible unit graphics . In Generals , you play in 3 campaigns , terroist , chinesse , and AMERICAN , however , with only ten missions , + or - , you can get through the game , quite quickly . Also , being in 3D , i expected some quality of the game sprites , or on ground units , however , they dissapointed me greatly . With its extreme shortness , lack of modes , and basically , i came to conclude that this game , fell far short of reaching the shrine of C and C games
 This games seems to be very racist for one which was a factor in my rating . Graphics are a major improvement . Game lacks a real plot , the plot is boring , no movies like previous versions . It can get kind of sluggish.The strategy has not improved much , still make the best weapons and more weapons to take over your enemy , no real new strategy improvement.Bottom line ... not worth the money
 Generals looks great , and is a decent game , but it falls far short of previous Command & Conquer titles.First off , while this game is VERY similar to the previous titles , many handy user controls have been omitted this time with no apparent advantage . Having played many RTS games , including every C&C ; game to date , I was constantly frustrated trying to move my units around the map.Second , it 's the buggiest C&C ; to date . I have to reboot my machine after I play because DirectX ca n't be initialized by other games following a C&C ; session.Third , this game is too similar to previous C&C s. ; The units are basically the same as they 've always been with different names . The tank classes are very familliar , and after C&C ; Tiberian Sun , the creativity in selection of the other units is pathetic.I 've always looked forward to new C&C ; games , but this one seems like it was rushed to market .
 To the gamer with the military ramblings
 Fun game for the first week , after that it is unbearable . Besides the infantry running at super slow speeds , China being the superpower , the huge number of glitches , and the selection of three armies you can play as the game is alright.The graphics are great , I mean why shouldnt they be ? The game is the biggest system hog I 've ever seen . You need a top of he line computer to run the game on the lowest detail . The campains are somewhat fun and the cinematics are pretty cheesy . The game really doesnt rely on your battlefeild tactics , it depends on how many forces you have and what type of forces they are . If your expecting insane battles and imersive levels your in for a big let down . Dont let the box fool you .
 this is what i 've come to expect from EA , they dissolve great companies like westwood , take the title of an excellent series of games , then churn out the same boring eye candy everyone seems to like so much . instead of a fun , innovative game , EA decided to sell what appears to be a mod of warcraft 3 under the misleading title `` COMMAND & CONQUER . '' do n't waste your money or time .
 too much cheaters on those ea multiplayer games
 I was waiting a while for this game 's price to go down , playing Red Alert 2 in order to get pumped for Generals . I thoroughly enjoyed RA2 and Yuri 's Revenge , because the story was excellent and the graphics made it possible to at least tell what unit you were looking at without clicking on it . Maybe I was just expecting too much when I put Generals in my CD tray . Now I do n't have a high-end PC by any means , but Generals should have run fine on my PC , and it did . The reason this game is so slow is not because I do n't meet the requirements , it is because the units were programmed by the developers to move slowly in order to create that `` realistic '' effect . Anyone who has played RA2 will know what I 'm talking about . Remember how you could go into the options menu to change the game speed -LRB- slow , fast , faster , fastest -RRB- ? Well , with Generals , its is like the game is stuck on slow all the time , and it 's not because you do n't meet the requirements . If you can get past the slow pacing of the game , wait until it is in the bargain bin to buy it , because it will set you back a pretty penny with not much reward if you do n't .
 I guess I 'm showing my age but I 've been playing command and conquer since the first version and this is by far the worst , the graphics are impressive but cpu intensive , you ca n't escape any of the video sequences and last but not least the ai which in all of the command and conquer games was always tough to beat in normal mode was easily beaten .
 I have several other titles in this serries , and they are 5 Stars . However , This software failed to function for me , even after
 Sorry , this was the worst game i played in the last time . In comparison with other titles Generals get the worst review of all . I am very disappointed about what they made out of this brand . The balancing is awful , America is every time the best choice . And people , what do say about great gfx ? Are you blind ? Just watch the water in the rivers . Just moving polygons . Not to mention about the missing story , strange mission goals and bad pathing . The best thing of the whole game are the remarks of the units . For this and the hope i got while playing that the game will be better by the missions i assign two stars.I was a big fan and played every title . Not more . Just installed the good old red alert . Would n't buy it with this experience .
 Ive forced myself to play about 10 hours of this game , and that was all I could stomach . I love RTS ' and most CnC games but this one is icredibly boring , absolutely horrible graphics , and a complete letdown . This game is n't half as good Yuris Revenge . For the love of God EA , go back to 2D . Glowing brightly colored boxes slowly moving across a screen pretty much sums up the graphics of this game .
 The fun thing about games is the escapism factor for me . Even games like ` Red Alert ' were fun . Yes , you may think it 's war-based , but it was always comical . Russians with mind-control devices , and humorous cut-scenes , made the games fun to play.However , for ` Generals ' , they 've tried to go serious . Gone are the cut scenes , and in are more down to earth -LRB- as it were -RRB- weapons.The trouble is , in doing so , they 've lost any moral structure that their games may have had.Use car bombs to blow up troops , steal a nuclear weapon and watch as people die screaming when you launch it on their city . Or maybe you 'd like to ransack some villages , killing the civilians for their money ? If this sort of game appeals to you , then buy all means buy it . But for me I find it very distasteful.Even as the `` good guys '' , your vehicles run down civilians without any second thoughts.On the whole it could have been a good game . Graphically it 's nice , and it has some good new units . It get pretentious in the small scenes that start the levels ... pausing and rotating to show off the explosion Matrix-style , before moving on.The levels are far too easy , and some can be over in minutes . And there 's very little variety in gameplay -LRB- build up , kill the easy enemy -RRB- . But gameplay issues aside , it 's just the subject content I do n't want . I do n't want to launch anthrax weapons , or kill civilians . I do n't want to see terrorist attacks . I play computer games to get away from the real world for a while , and this just does n't provide that .
 This game is terrible . I got the game in time as I had pre ordered it from amazon , but this game is actually horrible , the worst ive played in the command and conquer series . The camera angle is terrible and the units move so -LSB- darn -RSB- slow . They need to work way more harder if they want to see these games.I do not recommend this game to anyone at all
 my pc meets all the min . requirements but I had to put all the graphic settings as low as possible and it still runs frame by frame . To bad i cant trade it in for sim city 4
 EA Games has taken just about everything that made the previous C&C strategy games so appealing and completely destroyed it . Westwood never took the game so seriously , as EA has done , apparently trying to cash in on gamer 's patriotism post 9-11 and recent goings-on in the Middle East . I found the final terrorist single player mission offensive as the objective being to destroy New York City . Yes , it 's just a game , but where is the humor ? Red Alert 2 featured `` B '' Grade acting in high quality video cut-scenes and the completely over-the-top plotline throughout was fantastic and a very enjoyable experience . Unfortunately , EA decided to go the ultra-realistic route , creating a very `` graphically intensive '' title -LRB- mind you , the only reason this game requires such a heavy graphics card is for the rediculous idea of rendering the entire game in 3D -RRB- . This game is monotonous , tedious , and un-fun to the extreme . I 'm going back to Yuri 's Revenge .
 This game does not work well with ATI Radeon cards . I have a 7200 64mg card along with more than enough to cover the specs and the game was choppy and slow . Come to find out its a programming bug , apparently the designers prefer nvidia.What I was able to experience was not overly exciting anyway , save your money people !
 This looks like a great game , but alas I can not bare to play it . I 've tried it on 3 top of the line machines -LRB- well over the recommended requirements -RRB- , and the gameplay still comes out slow & choppy . I 'd think twice about buying this obviously buggy game .
 I 'm a big fan of the C&C ; series but Generals is n't the same game at all.There is absolutely no storyline . Aside from a few scripted events here and there , you might as well be playing a Skirmish against the Artificial `` Intelligence . `` The pathing is terrible . Worst I 've seen since the original Age of Empires . Units have a terrible tendency to move in single-file lines or get stuck on each other , especially in the very cramped maps . They will also just sit there getting shot at if the enemy is out of thier range.Damage and rate of fire need to be adjusted across the board . If Iraq had mobile launchers that could fire Anthrax-loaded SCUDS every 5 seconds ... On the other hand , the graphics and music are great .
 Incredible on how `` professionals '' have not only given this game a pass , but recommend it !! You have to be masochist , drugged induced , mentally ill or at the least in nostalgic denial about this C&C ; game to say it does n't suck . Need to emphasize the total lack of plot , super weapons , or at least the campy videos that at least made the red alert ones charming . Menu 's as usual takes up too much screen space & I was frustrated because i got bogged down having to click build new units because of the 9 unit building limit -LRB- archaic mechanism -RRB- . To have these fault in a Triple A 2003 game ; it 's ludicrous !! On top of all the negatives the freaking AI -LRB- crappy path finding & non too smart -RRB- blatantly cheats . I need to download the demo for C&C ; 4 and hope for better days , thank GOD i borrowed this and DID N'T actually spend any money on it .
 it was ok . I love stargety games . Starcraft has to be the best game ever made . But with this i was a little disapointed . For some reason it runs extremly slow on my amd 1.3 . The graphics are good and the game is extremly realistic -LRB- something that ra2 was complelty missing -RRB- . I feel that the graphis bog down the gameplay . I want graphics in something like splinter cell , not a stragety game . The units move painstaklenly slow . One thing that i found good was the unit abilities . The units are no longer attack or move , they have special abilities . Over all if your a hardcore stargety gamer that owns them all get this . If your not please buy a clasic like starcraft , warcraft or one of the RA games .
 The 3D gameplay they attempt here just does n't work . It 's not entertaining and addictive like the old RA 2 . They should put effort into making a Red Alert 3 .
 After 4 patches , I still ca n't play online , even though all my other online games work -LRB- including Blizzard 's and even Westwood 's previous ones -RRB- . The EA message board is flaming with similar -LRB- and other -RRB- problems . Avoid this one.More details re problem
 this is the first time I was diseapointed with a C&C ; game.the only thing that even makes it anything like the other C&C ; games is the units -LRB- with diffrent names -RRB- and the fact it is called C&C ; generals , the problems with it are , they took out the power bar , make you choose between your best tanks , infantry , and things like nuke strike . the infantry are as big as the tanks , all the units movie slow , the maps are small , money is harvested at 300 per load and the lowest infantry costs 300 , the harvesters are really weak , and the buildings have to be built on the map and with a truck . you also are given tanks and other units right off the bat , instead of getting them gradually , the first mission with china I used a flame tank rush , second a standard tank rush , -LRB- this was after waiting 30 minutes to get enough money -RRB- , also you ca n't change the speed of the game so you ca n't set it to fast so you can get money quicker you have to wait the whole time while the harvesters get the money really slowly . the game was also really slugish , it would keep pausing during a fight , and I had the graphics set to low , and my computer is a 1.5 GHz , with a 64 mb graphics card . all in all it was a -LSB- bad -RSB- game and the only game to date that I have ever bothered to go trade in .
 If you are expecting a sequel to the Command & Conquer RTS games of the past you may be very dissapointed by this new C&C ; game.First , the `` USA Campaign '' is only seven missions ! I 'm done already and it seems like I just begun!Second , it 's more `` dumbed down '' than ever before . The pretty computer voice lady tells you that supplies are out there , showes you where the enemy weapons of mass destruction are , etc. . It looks like it 's designed so that even the 8 year-old with sub-normal intelligence wo n't get his self-esteem damaged by having to think too much or get his butt kicked a few times.Third , there is no accompanying acted movie `` cut scenes '' in this game . No real reward for finishing a mission so you can see the cheesy but entertaining cut scenes in between . The `` between mission drama scenes '' were created mostly by recording the game action . So , between episodes you just watch the `` non plot '' unfold by watching someone else play the game , or so it seems.There are no special people , special missions , characters to like , or heroes to protect ; just base building and enemy blasting . It 's all for the eye , with little for the brain.It seems like the sole purpose of creating this game was to get people to play each-other on-line or over networks . The solo-play `` you 're in the movie '' dimension is gone.What happened to this game ; the greatest legacy in PC gaming history ? Why did they do this?This game is like a pretty body without a mind or a soul.Below is my original review.This is a visually stunning game , and the `` experience factor '' is a refreshing new dimension in the C&C ; line of games.I have a very modern machine with a high end graphics card , but I do n't have friends available to play against so I tend to play against the computer . Once I `` learned the ropes '' , I found the user interface very fast and easy to use . Also , it 's great to have many things going on at once . Many building being built at a time where ever I want , and multiple factories producing at the same time.So why is n't it possible to make the computer play a little smarter ? Once I learned the interface and how the units work and are upgraded , the gameplay falls back into the same predictable , repetitive routine . If I figure out which route the computer will take to attack my base , I can assume it will attack the same way over and over for the rest of the game . So I build defenses around that area , mass my forces , and destroy the enemy base . Game over.If I destroy an enemy building , the same building is built in the same place , over and over.Would it be so difficult to introduce a little more randomness into the AI ? If there are three roads to my base , how about randomly choosing which road to attack on ? If an attack with 20 vehicles is wiped out , how about attacking with 30 the next time ? How about attacking from several different directions at once ? I can build multiple super-weapons . Why does n't the computer think to do that?Yes , I 'm playing on `` brutal '' mode , and the game is still easy . The computer may be `` brutal '' , but it 's brutal and stupid.In the C&C ; world , I think it 's time for the computer 's brain to catch up with it 's looks .
 Stay away from this game . It is poorly coded , patches are worthless and the price tag is -LSB- too much -RSB- . It 's a perfect example of what EA Games does . They buy good companies with good products and destroy everything they had good for profits that they should not be awarded . The game has continous serious errors which occur randomly and that is the worst experience I 've ever had with any games . Just that this one is a lot worse .
 I purchased this power supply as a replacement for the original power brick , which exploded . Why ca n't Microsoft make these things dual voltage to save morons like me the trouble?The first thing I noticed about my new power supply is that the power cord itself was only two-pronged , lacking the third grounding wire . A cause for concern considering Microsoft OEM power supplies have the grounding wire.The company that manufactured this power brick has gone to great lengths to keep its name a secret . I could not find a name or logo on the box or on the brick itself , unless it was written in Chinese . Shady.Powered on the thing makes a horrible racket . I 've worked around airplanes quieter than this monster . It honestly sounded like a vacuum cleaner.Intolerably loud , I did n't feel like waiting for this cheap knock off to catch fire and burn my house down , so I chucked it . Hopefully my genuine Microsoft power brick arrives before Fallout 3 and Left 4 Dead !
 DOA in a plastic bag - not my definition of `` new '' . It has the same orange light as the original one I 'm trying to replace . To be sure I tried several outlets , and tested the outlets with a volt meter - that 's not the issue . The old one likely over-heated , probably because of dust :-LRB- , the `` new '' one just came defective .
 The brick I purchased from this guy did n't work OUT OF THE BOX . It 's completely useless . However I might beat whoever sold this to me with the brick itself . Do n't purchase anything from sunvalley as I 'm sure it will be just as defective .
 The first picture was the one I needed of a 203 watt power chord , and I received a 175 watt chord that is of course non compatible . DO NOT BUY BECAUSE THEY WILL SEND THE WRONG ONE !
 There are multiple types of XBOX 360 Power Supplies . Make sure you know exactly which one you need . This one looks like it could be the right one . I needed a 203w . This is a picture of a 150w . It would not work with my system .
 I bought this and when I did eventually get it in the mail it did n't even work . When plugged in it had no light on the power block . I tried in multiple outlets ... still nothing
 The item I received was labeled `` Xbox Slim '' and `` 135W . '' The sellers for this item listing seem to rotate rapidly . Mine came from `` Super Electronics . '' Returning and buying local to be sure I get the right item .
 Despite the description saying : Product Featuresreplacement for original Microsoft XBOX 360 power adapter . This item does not work for the newest version XBOX 360 SLIM for Kinectcheck back of your XBOX console to determine which power supply is compatibleitem works with Consoles that require 203W or lessThe item I received was labeled `` Xbox Slim '' and `` 135W . '' The sellers for this item listing seem to rotate rapidly . Mine came from `` Super Electronics . '' Returning and buying local to be sure I get the right item .
 worked well when we got it , but is now dead giving the RROD , and red fault light on power supply , all with light use
 Ca n't say I 'm pleased with this . At least it arrived on time . Unfortunately , it was broken as soon as I opened the box
 said it was 240v blew as soon as i pluged it in . got a replacement from the seller and same thing on the second one .
 Save yourself hassle and do n't order this item , because it is not XBOX 360 Power Supply . It is a power supply of some sort , but not for XBOX 360 . I bought this and now have to go through pain of returning this : -LRB-
 I specifically checked before I ordered that I was buying the proper adapter for my older Elite Xbox 360 . However , I received a replacement battery adapter for the NEW X-360 slim . This is extremely stupid and I am quite irked .
 The Picture and description was of a power supply exactly like i needed . Thepower supply that arrive was a totally different kind , totally different type and had a totally different plug in connection.What was offered for sale is what needed . what I got was not as described or pctured . it cost me more in shipping to send it back . I lost a great deal of money on this item and I did not get a power supply i could use and lost out on my money too . .
 I received the power cord and plugged it in and the light indicator did not turn on , on the box part of the cord . But to double check i still plugged it into my Xbox 360 and it still did not work . After i sent the seller an email back he didnt not respond to me , and still has yet to do so , and i have now filed my claim to get reimbursed . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS GUY !!!!!
 The item listing specifically states that the power supply supports XBOX 360 's requiring 203 watt power bricks . This power brick is rated at 175 watts and the connector does n't fit 203w XBOX 360 's .
 The description says `` item works with Consoles that require 203W or less . '' However , this is not the case . I received an adapter with only a 175 Watt output which does not work with the older xboxs that require 203 Watts of power to work ! The plugs are just slightly different , but they do not work . False advertising sucks . Especially when you were depending on it to fix an xbox in time for Christmas .
 The good
 This thing did n't work with my xbox , I recommend calling xbox costumer service or buying a different power supply . As soon as I took the thing out the package and plugged it into my xbox it did n't work and it had the same red light as the first one . It was probably a defective or a used power supply .
 I should have listened to the negative reviews I read here . I received the product and it failed to work right out of the box . I have since returned it . The first thing I noticed after opening the box is that the power brick looked used and repackaged . I would not recommend purchasing this product . I have since placed a replacement order with Microsoft . You 'll pay a little extra , but at least you know it 's legit .
 Warning - even though the product says it is xbox 360 power supply it is not . Of course it is Microsoft 's fault for having two different connectors for different xbox 360 consoles , but this product should say so in large font before describing the item . My console says xbox 360 , it does not say special xbox with wierd power connector . Now I have to debate buying an adaptor that will allow me to connect it to my xbox or sending it back . Anyone know if adaptors work or is the power requirement different for xbox 360 vs xbox 360 ?
 This product was defective upon arrival . I did n't use it for several months after receiving it . However , once I started to use it , it regularly overheated every 2 hours . I played less then six hours a day , and gave it considerable time to cool off . Within one week of this , it was no longer useable.Avoid this buyer .
 Works for about 25-45 minutes on average and then shuts off , mid-use . Not the official microsoft branded one that came with the original xbox .
 This thing burned out after a month and a half . It 's cheap . Do n't even think about buying this thing !! Just pay the money for a real Microsoft power supply .
 Excited to get my xbox 360 back up and running . I recieved the item , opened the package , only to find a power supply for an xbox 360 slim at 135W . The description for the item clearly states Xbox 360 and matches the 203W plug . Horribly dissapointed in Amazon , they need some serious quality control on these issues . Last time I 'll ever be placing a purchase with them .
 The picture for the item shows the 203w version but I was sent the 150w version . I see that others have experienced this as well .
 I guess I should blame myself that I read the product description , believed it , and ordered this item ... as all of the comments and feedback are clear that they actually ship a completely different power supply for a different Xbox 360 . Yet I still ca n't understand that , despite all the feedback here describing the problem that the company does n't fix the description .
 I received and XBOX 360 Slim Adaptor and not the adapter for the original 360 shown in the picture and description .
 The product described is almost identical to the power cords that come with these types of XBOX 360 's with the exception of one critical piece . The power cord that connects the electrical outlet to the power converter is the WRONG PIECE.Literally , the wrong cord . it is a 3 prong unit , and the power converter clearly takes a 2 prong . It will not interface properly and thus , no power gets transferred to the power converter , or the XBOX 360 itself.This does n't make ANY sense that an item like this would be sold for this product.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 had to return it . it was the wrong power cord and wrong plug . the plugs did not plug together either .
 he gave me slim luckly i had a regular one for mine do not buy this unless you have slim
 This item burned out literally 5 minutes after i started using it ... will not buy from here again .
 Selected this item because description says `` item works with Consoles that require 203W or less '' . My XBox 360 requires a 203W power supply . The plug that goes to Xbox 360 does not fit and power supply is clearly marked 175W -LRB- less than the 203W required -RRB- . Now 4 days before a birthday party that was going to feature some new Kinect games , I 'm scrambling for a replacement .
 Had to send it back for the correct one.That is all I want to say , but these reviews require me to say more . I do n't think more is necessary !
 Well , as you may suspect there is something fishy about the referenced title to a review . Soon however , the mysterious cloud which looms in curiosity will fizzle out . Leaving only the truth and a sense of false security . This power cord is unassuming as you initially use it like any other 360 power cord of early decent . That is !!! its way of luring you in , waiting for your to be defenseless and vulnerable mid-game . Then , as if in the distance you hear a shrill and mind numbing cry ! Yes , that 's right , but ; that 's not all . It gets louder and louder ! till , all that is even seen in a metaphorical sense ; is a mental though inside your head of a person with long fingernails scraping a chalk board inside ones ear drum . Frightful , to say the least .
 Apparently there is no telling what you will actually get if you buy from this seller . I got a 203 watt power supply and it wo n't work in my xbox . I bought it because everybody else complained that they wanted the 203 watt xbox power supply but instead got the 135 watt version -LRB- which is the one I need -RRB- . Basically , there is no telling what you will end up getting if you order from these people . I 'm returning the 203 watt and hopefully I 'll get a refund .
 Arrived timely but did n't work was n't worth the price to send it back.This was for an x-box had to get a cord directly from the company with cost alot .
 I ordered a Xbox 360 power supply for 203w or less . Did not receive that , I received an older version , the same one I already have but not what I need . This is ridiculous . HAVE YOUR PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS THE SAME AS YOUR ACTUAL PRODUCT !!!! NOT SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT !!!
 Ordered the 150w and got the 135w that does not work with the new Xbox Connect ... read some of the most recent comments from others . Drats !
 i bought this thinking it was for the old xbox-360 but got the newer one for the 360 slim . . it really pissed me off when it arrived and i opened the package seeing the cable
 I 'm just going to copy someone elses review because the same thing happened to me : Despite the description saying : Product Featuresreplacement for original Microsoft XBOX 360 power adapter . This item does not work for the newest version XBOX 360 SLIM for Kinectcheck back of your XBOX console to determine which power supply is compatibleitem works with Consoles that require 203W or lessThe item I received was labeled `` Xbox Slim '' and `` 135W . '' The sellers for this item listing seem to rotate rapidly . Mine came from `` Super Electronics . '' Returning and buying local to be sure I get the right item.Idiots .
 I 'm just going to copy someone elses review because the same thing happened to me : Despite the description saying : Product Featuresreplacement for original Microsoft XBOX 360 power adapter . This item does not work for the newest version XBOX 360 SLIM for Kinectcheck back of your XBOX console to determine which power supply is compatibleitem works with Consoles that require 203W or lessThe item I received was labeled `` Xbox Slim '' and `` 135W . '' The sellers for this item listing seem to rotate rapidly . Mine came from `` Super Electronics . '' Returning and buying local to be sure I get the right item .
 Ordered . Shipped free 2 day shipping under PRIME Trial membership . Excited to get back to Skyrim and got screwed over when I opened it up and found and XBox Slim AC adapter . Thanks a lot . Not anything near what I needed . Should have known why there were such an increasing number of 1 star ratings . I went to look at the item again and it showed that it was being sold by E2E , who I thought was different than Super Electronics , but once I added it to my cart and looked at the description it showed it as being sold by Super Electronics . Both have their own stores , but I 'm guessing they 're the same - do n't buy from either until they straighten it out . I 've emailed Super Electronics and if I get a response I will post here .
 The product description specifically says `` This item does not work for the newest version XBOX 360 SLIM for Kinect '' but that is what I received . I ordered an AC adapter for the XBOX 360 Elite -LRB- 150W -RRB- and received the XBOX 360 Slim -LRB- 135W -RRB- version . Pathetic.AC Power Supply for Microsoft XBOX 360
 As others have said I received the one for the X-360 Slim ... It clearly shows/states how this is for the Xbox 360 , not any other addition . Come on Amazon , get with the program .
 The item in picture is not the one I received . Seller , please pay attention to detail . There are very clear differences between the XBOX 360 power supplies .
 This does not work for any type of Xbox 360 that I own ! This is a FAKE !!! Save yourself time and money and buy something else !
 they gave me a diffrent one that i needed . i needed a 203w one so i thought that they had it so i bought it . when i got it . it was a diffrent size so it was a waste of $ 23 that i spent . DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 This was a bad purchase , the voltage and wattage ARE NOT the same as an official power box and can therefor FRY YOUR SYSTEM .
 The cord they sent was incompatible with the adapter . Thankfully , Amazon was good about giving me a refund . Do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 note
 I bought the AC power supply for my son 's xbox but it did n't work . Unfortunately we did n't know we had only 30 days to return it and now it 's too late and we are stuck with it ! I am not happy with this product at all .
 Although i did get the item in 3 days , the brick and cord did not match . and even after finding a cord that will go with a 2 pronged brick no lights would come on . All in all a total waste of money !
 Recently I have purchased 3 different wireless controllers . DO NOT BUY THIS ONE !!! The main problem with this controller is that the left analog stick is rendered utterly useless . Without it being precise it makes gaming more difficult . Also , its desine is quite chinsy . BUY THE ONE SOLD BY BETSKU . It is blue and says Sega on it . Works excellent !
 I do n't give it a bad review because it is bad . I do n't know how it is since I 've been unable to make it work on windows 7 nor have I found any help online . So ... unless you know how to make it work , do n't spend your money on this .
 S Button , the game that came out on the saturn in 96 ' was lunar silver star saga . It was then later released on psx . Lunar Dragon Song IS a new game not a remake wanker
 I 've been a HUGE fan of the Lunar series since the Sega CD days , and I ca n't tell you how much I was looking forward to this game.But , whether you are a Lunar fan or not , this game is awful.Now , I do n't normally review games I have n't finish , but I am about at the halfway mark , and I doubt I 'll ever finish this game . I am just fed up with forcing myself to play it.The story , compared to other Lunar games and RPGs in general , is thin and boring . Halfway through the game , and nothing interesting has happened at all . I 've traveled to some towns , fought some monsters , and ... well ... that 's about the entire story so far . Once , my party entered town , and my main character decided to undertake an arena battle that was extremely dangerous and foolish , because he `` HAD '' to . He never explained why , and he never talked about it before ... but he just `` had to do it . '' That 's about how the story works
 I 'm a big fan of Lunar . I loved Lunar Silver Star Story Complete , and I loved Eternal Blue . Hey , I even picked up Lunar Legend on the GBA , but this game -- the first original Lunar game to come out in ten years -- severely disappoints me by missing what makes Lunar so enticing in the first place . This to me does not feel like a Lunar game , but rather an RPG trying to be Lunar.Anyone who has played Lunar knows that Althena created the world of Lunar . In Dragon Song there are two races
 I rue the day I asked for Lunar
 Oh the joy I felt when playing the original two Lunar games . I remember both games fondly , despite the quickly dated Working Designs humor . I liked the battle system , the story was good , and the FMV was magnificent . So when I heard there was a new Lunar game , I reserved it immediately . I purchased it sight unseen even though I had a chance to check it out first . I thought , `` This is Lunar ! How could it go wrong ? `` Well , it did . It 's pretty bad when the game has a spelling error on the menu screen . This I can forgive , but not what followed . The first thing I noticed was the annoying flashing icons which can be unreadable due to the scaling effect used . Next is the worst aspect of the game
 So I did a bunch of research into this game before buying it . I 'm one of those big `` Lunartic '' fanboys if you want to put a label on me , but I decided to let my expectations drop when I heard the bad reviews . Okay , so maybe this is gon na be another Lunar Legend . Maybe it 'll just be a Final Fantasy-ish Lunar game again with a neat little plot with fascinating characters.That 's ... not what I got . I got a horrible , God-awful video game with no way to choose my enemies -LRB- which I 've never , ever seen in a video game before ; stupid idea -RRB- , no character or plot development whatsoever -LRB- `` It 's a sasquatch let 's go chase it into this dangerous temple and see what happens ! '' -RRB- , nor so great music ... etc. . It 's a horrible game in all aspects , even when I DID N'T compare it to the other Lunars . I sit down every day with my DS convincing myself it will get better only to find myself not seeing anything ... also something I find funny is that the box says `` From the original creators of LUNAR
 I 'm in the middle of the game right now , and I 'm only forcing myself to finish it for the sake of finishing it ; it 's such a tedious game I wonder if anyone tested it before putting it on the market . I could understand if there was one or two aspects of the game-play that was flawed , but Dragon Song has several.For one , the normal animation speed of the game is painfully slow . The game-makers give us the option of holding the R button to speed up the battle animations , and I find myself using this all the time . Why is there no setting to automatically increase the speed of the game ? Does anyone out there ever play the game at normal speed ? I get finger cramps from playing . The walking speed in the field animation is at snail 's pace , too , and if you dash you lose hit points.The problem of slowness is compounded by the fact that there are no shortcuts to get from Town A to Town B . In order to get anywhere , you have to go through a maze of screens each time . Do this just a few times and it gets really boring.My second biggest complaint about the game is that you ca n't choose which enemies to attack . The instruction manual says the computer chooses the `` most appropriate '' target , but of course it does n't . All characters , weak or strong , gang up on weak targets instead of distributing the attacks.Other things I hate about this game
 ive been a fan of the lunar series for years , i had the original sega cd version plus the subsequent remakes . god this is the worst one yet . there are so many things wrong with this game . the battle system is so 1 dimensional . there is zero character development . almnost no interesting dialogue . the artwork is nice but not innovative in the slightest . the level design is botched . and its so disjointed that i had to refer to an online guide to figure out the next step at one point.cant pick the monsters you hit when fighting , there is NO magic system , and instead of walking from town to town your a little icon that you just move to get there ... very poorly done , please please please dont waste your money on this game , buy the playstation version as it was the closest to the original games ive seen to date . ubi + lunar = bad ideaif your looking for a decent rpg for the gameboys check out the golden sun series . much better done and much more interesting .
 Having enjoyed the previous Lunar games , both on Sega CD and the later updates , I picked this one up hoping to see a return to the same level of enjoyment . Unfortunately , this game is frustrating to the point of near unplayability . I 've been slogging my way through it in hopes that , at some point , the absurdly forced elements of the plot might get further elucidation so that they make more sense . I 'm rapidly losing that hope , however.Although the plot is thin , at times , you can normally expect that out of an RPG ; they 're not exactly known as being great literature -LRB- although you can be pleasantly surprised , sometimes -RRB- . However , in this case , the game has gone into some experimental mechanics for the console RPG that simply fail to work on a number of levels.First is the overall slowness of the game . The characters have a slow natural gait , which can be sped up by holding down a button to run . Even the running speed is a touch slow , but it also , even with that , comes at another price
 Worst . Game . Ever . It takes a long time to earn enough gill for weapons and armour just to have a monkey attack you and break them . The battle system is pointless . You can not choose your targets ! What is the point ? Choose the auto command until you need to heal . Save wear and tear on your buttons . You know which enemies will hurt you and what enemies will break your stuff . You can not attack the ones that will break your stuff ! Your characters also attack all of the enemies separately so they are all still on the screen until they are all about dead . Shallow story line for the first few hours of play . Do n't play anywhere there is a breeze since the flee command is the mic . I could n't even finish . Pretend you never saw this game and back away .
 Lunar ... Well it is n't like the silver star or eternal blue ... But it is a prequel and fills in some blanks . The story is good and fills in some blanks between the other games . The bosses are huge . You can choose to gather items for quests or exp in battle , but not both . The only real bummer was how short thr game was . At level 26 I beat the final boss , but for a quik game it was fun .
 I 'm an old game junky , and the Lunar games were defiantly one of the best . So when I saw that a new Lunar game was released , after years of fricking waiting and hoping , I flipped . The saying not to judge a book by it cover has never held as much truth as with this game . It looked like so much fun , but what I brought was a portal to hell . I 'm sure many others have said this but I need to say the battle system was beyond frustrating and caused so many headaches . What were they thinking ? Add to it that you have to choose between items or experience , this is not fun ! The story was weak and random throughout the game , characters disappearing at times to never return with equiped items , and a horrible ending.The only good parts of this game was character designs and sound . Not enough to go through this horribly made game . Seriously , not even FF : Crystals was this bad .
 I am decimated by the failure of this game to live-up to the proud legacy , which is Lunar.Music is fine , and while the graphics are essentially GBA enhanced moderately , the physical attributes are acceptable . However , the story is somewhat mediocre , but still passable.However , the mental requirements necessary to play this game are absent.A strategic battle system is non-existent . Attack , use a spell , or use an item with no selection as to which enemy to attack . Aside from the lack of the Lunar renowned semi-tactical battle , there is so little input required , that the game is downright awful.Truly , a lack of exercise in futility !
 Lunar Dragon Song is not your typical Role Playing Game like Final Fantasy or Dragon Warrior . This game becomes very repetitive because you have to play it in 2 modes . 1 to get money to buy items and another to raise your levels . You must fight over and over to get anywhere and this is just a waste of time.The major problem in this game for RPG players is you CAN NOT pick the enemy that you want to attack and you usually attack a weak one and not the one that is beating the crap out of you . This is very annoying and makes you want to just stick it on your shelf and forget the money you spent on it . Just another Disappointing Nintendo DS game in my collection.A remake with a few changes would make this a very nice game but as it stands forget it !!!!!
 If you were a fan of Lunar 1 and 2 , do not play this game and pretend it never existed . The game is slow in all the wrong ways , and punishes players who want to speed things along . Your characters move at a slow crawl , and to move at a somewhat exceptable rate lowers HP . In a game where transportation and resource management are key , this is unforgivable . It is as if the development team made the players not want to progress through the story quickly to pad the number of hours taken to beat the game . It frustrated me in such a short time frame that I returned my copy the next day . I may not have gotten to any redeeming points of interest or plot points further along , but they gave me no reason to stay . There are far better RPGs on DS , so give this title a pass and try something from the Shin Megami Tensei series instead .
 I should have read the reviews before i purchased this game . there are so many bad points to this game . the long review above says most of it . the only other item i would add is the game lacks creativity . when most developers run out of ideas , they come up with lame ideas like `` lets take away an ability and make the user run around in circles to get it back '' . this game has a few turns like that . too bad , $ 40 down the drain .
 Romancing Saga is a mediocre RPG with bad graphics that attempt to be artistic combined with obscure objectives and long boring dialogs.The combat system is pretty standard fare as far as console RPGs go . It is turn based , and starts you out with a good variety of options as far as what commands you can execute in combat . The music , while uninspired , ranges from atrocious to something that sounds like Aerobiz for the Sega Genesis.If you have a friend who will let you play at his house or let you borrow it for a while , and you are a fan of RPGs in general , you may find a little amusement out of this game . Otherwise , I would not recommend wasting your time as there are plenty of better RPGs out there .
 I do n't like this game chiefly because the music sucks . On top of that , the story is not very dynamic . I hate slow movements and boring conversations . : -LRB-
 I think people are letting their opinion of the anime series cloud their judgement on this game . You play each level for 30 minutes to an hour then watch 20 minutes of cut scene . I use the word cut scene loosely . It mostly involves static images of Ed and Al talking with a static image of someone else . No moving cameras , no lips sync , nothing we have come to associate with modern games . On top of that , even though the text is voiced , the player is still required to press a button to continue the conversation . I guess this is how they keep the game interactive . Oh , and there is no way to skip any of these cut scenes as well.That said , it is fun playing through the game , in the sense that you feel like you are going on fullmetal alchemist adventures . Most of the `` game '' is straight forward , though some of the alchemy stuff you can transform is actually pretty fun . The standard weapons do n't really seem to differentiate themselves that much . The sword will do in nearly every situation.I ca n't speak about how this compares to the first game , since I never played it . If you are a fan of Fullmetal Alchemist , then the game is passable , but even then be prepared to watch/read a lot of story and play a very linear , shallow game .
 Full Metal Alchemist was an awesome anime ... so I guess I was expecting an awesome game ... this is just a bunch of cut screens , talking and storyline ... oh well .
 I picked up Sudeki at a bargain price , thinking I was onto a good thing after reading various magazine reviews . After playing Sudeki for a few hours it did n't really click with me , so it got put in the pile of games to play when I ran out of better ones , and I generally never get to those - there 's always Gitaroo Man to zap through again , or a dance mat to jump up and down on , so in reality is a game that 's been consigned forever to the gaming shelf , thus saving me the effort of ever having to play it again . Harsh words , sure . What I can say about Sudeki is this
 I will not say that I hate the game matter of fact I quite enjoyed it but when it came down to the story it was just not great . You keep wanting more but you just do n't get it and every thing is predictable and when watching early previews of the game they seem to have taken out a lot of features that would have made the game much more enjoyable such In the previews Tal the main character could jump and it was a royal pain in the but not be able to jump in the game you can be less than a foot away from were you need to be but you ca n't even jump that far ... and you have to take the long way around , And the story line is unbelievably predictable I already had the hole story line figured out in about 30 mins into the game . And most of it was hinted in the opening . Also the map system was very confusing it was extremely easy to get turned around and go the wrong way and have to fight battles all over again . And You can get to the end of the game easily just being level 20 or so but the boss is so hard you are forced to train for an amount of time that is may have taken you to get that far in the game . Try fighting the boss at level 20 and you 'll die in one hit . Also the graphics where not up to par with most other Xbox games many thing could have been done to enhance the graphics of the game and many features the Xbox possesses wear not used.I am a game lover and it is very hard to disappoint me but for all the hype there was about this game it in the end really leaves you with an empty . And the fact that you are not high enough in level when you face the boss and there is no way to run from battles is sort of lame in my opinion you should be almost perfect level to fight him if not over leveledThe game was fun do n't get me wrong you could play as any character on your team it was nice being able to play from 1st or 3rd person during battles but in truth there where only two types of characters.Word of caution , rent the game before you buy it you 'll be very glade you did it only took me 3 days to beat it and half of that time I was leveling up for the final boss . I made the mistake of buying it and now I 'm done with it and have no disire to play it again .
 Not much to say , its broken , apparently there is a point you cant get past because of a glitch , do n't buy it if you do you will be banging your head later
 Another example of how many truely lousy programmers we have out there . Tell me , how is it a game that gets so much time and money put into it can turn out extinct the day it 's released?I 'm talking about the controls in this game . Neither Microsoft nor Logitech controllers have been recognized by this game . And even if they had , according to the manual/insert , it would n't really matter because only two buttons would be usable when six actions are frequently used on this game . You would think that a game that REQUIRES 800Mhz of processing power , and takes on the classic platform gamestyle , would allow you to use a controller instead of a damn keyboard.I will remember the name `` Global Star Software '' , and will avoid any future purchases with their name like the blaster worm .
 Tri-ace used to make great games like Valkyrie profile and Star Ocean , then they made this . I agree completely with the reviewer `` Helel '' in that it 's childish and dull . There is hardly any story and the main character is uncharismatic and very juvenile . Some good parts like Ethereal Queen and Valkyrie show how superior those games truly are.Star Ocean 3 is much , much better than this third rate game which fails to deliver on so many levels . The goofy behaviour is just awful and makes you think this is aimed at those 12 and under . There are almost no interesting fights , and some very dull enemies.A real disgrace to the name of Valkyrie Profile and Star Ocean .
 I tried playing this game twice , and both times I got to a point where it was more of a chore than a fun experience.Two things greatly contributed to this
 Many people had told me how wonderful this game was . I had been told that it was what would happen if Square-Enix had made the Suikoden games . To put it mildly , I was foaming at the mouth to get my hands on this game.Twenty-nine hours later , I 'm left wondering
 Radiata stories is very much like a childs version of Star Ocean 3 , it has hardly any mature moments and lots of unfunny goofy behaviour and jokes . I 'll list whats bad and good.What 's Good ... + Good Graphics with Prog scan and Widescreen support this is very pleasing , the character models are nice as well . + A lively atmosphere , people go about their daily business and it seems very `` real '' , everyone is n't just standing around waiting for you to talk to them like most RPGs . Also armour that you buy actually appears on your character in-game . + Combat with 3 other allies is decent if unspectacular , real time combat is always nice and gives you a feeling of being part of a team . + Optional boss Iseria Queen looks even more beautiful in this game than the others . + A surprise character joins you in the post-game dungeon-very pleasing to see her again.What 's not so good..-This is a very light hearted adventure that has you fighting rats , ants , animals and hardly any spectacular enemies at all . Boring.-A very linear adventure , the sidequests are dull , and recruiting 150 + people can drag at times.-The main character minces -LRB- Power walks -RRB- when you push the analogue stick moderately hard , it looks awfuly stupid.-Dreadful ending , over in less than a minute or two - very dull.-Only one extra dungeon that 's very short and pretty easy.-I strugled to get past the 30 hour mark , it becomes very predictable and you forget it as soon as you stop playing.-Allies can never be equipped or have any stat changed , this is a single hero game.-Very few weapons and armour to collect.-Rigged fights that you can not win , even if you are very powerful . You actually have to stand there and get beaten...-Far too easy , where 's the difficulty settings like SO3.Not worth the full price , maybe pick it up when it goes cheap .
 Let me start by saying that I am a die hard square fan and usually they can do no wrong . Then I played this game . I have been playing games a long time , I got so bored with this one I actually TRADED it for Dragon Quest VIII after only investing 22 hours in it . The controls and battles are lack luster at best . In battle you can only control Jack and depend on everyone else to be smart enough to do what you want them to . You can not change their armor or equipment and thus far , they have not been the sharpest helpers ever . Jack is a touch slow on response time and enemies can get away from you before he even swings his sword.I tried to get into the recruitment and all I can say is BORING ! Be at this place at this time three days in a row and this terribly boring character with nothing interesting will join you . You can not fast forward time and sleeping will sometimes force the next event . For someone with mild OCD it just gets worse and worse because I am not able to only ` collect a few ' . I have to go for them all . You also only have a single place to save , which I find really frustrating . In some quests it is over an hour before you can save , which in my busy life is terrible.I give this game two stars because I did like Jack . He has a little bit of attitude and is generally a funny guy . It also looks really good and has minimal load times . Since I have traded Sunday , I have put over 8 hours into Dragon Quest and all I can say is WOW ! If you are choosing between them ... . go with Dragon Quest !
 Even without having any expectations for this game I could n't help but to be disappointed with a story littered with cliches and a plot that seemed more like an outline than a finished product . After the initial start up screen and the typical prophesy as prose intro I am hit with a barrage of cliches in a matter of minutes . Boy whose father was a great knight , boy sets out to surpass father , girl who beats boy in a battle , boy and girl hate each other , well fifteen minutes into the game and I can already see where its going . However I still wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt , after all cliches are a standard part of RPGs . Then however came the `` split '' where I was forced to choose sides in a war that was completely avoidable between the non-humans and the humans . Having a momentary lapse of judgment I chose the non-human side not fully realizing that when they said that all humans would become my enemy that they meant it . That 's no problem , I thought , these are my friends surely they 'll stick beside me because I 'm fighting -LRB- I think -RRB- for what I believe in . Sadly that was one cliche that was not forthcoming . My friend 's list was wiped out basically making the first ten hours that I played null and void . After fighting alongside of the fairies I began to wonder why I even bothered siding with them . It definitely does n't help their cause when you 're in the middle of battle and they start spouting taunts such as `` humans are weak '' . Oh really ? Then why are you letting me do all of the work while your terrible AI simply tells you to sit there?Character development is nonexistent . I kind of liked Jack at first and hated Ridley . Unfortunately Jack goes from a thrill seeking smart aleck to a typical `` I just want to protect you '' hero and Ridley simply disappears into the background . Plodding through this disappointing game I eventually came to the realization that I did n't care what happened to any of the characters or even how the story played out , it was simply unenjoyable and insipid . Perseverance or a mild case of masochism kept me playing until the end where I was greeted by the frustrating get - to - the - top - by - dumb - luck board of the City of White Nights . I ca n't tell you how much time I spent going up and down ladders , running to dead ends , and getting knocked down by sand or dust or whatever it was , that fell from nowhere sending me back to the beginning . My hours of frustration were rewarded with one of the most uninspired lackluster endings that I have ever witnessed in a RPG.To its credit however I have to say that at least it was n't difficult to level up unlike some other RPGs that I 've played and Jack 's on screen model reflected the armor that was currently equipped on him which was nice . There were a few laugh out loud moments but not nearly enough to make this atrocity enjoyable and I do n't see myself playing through it again to get the human side of the story . I 'm certain that this review wo n't detract anyone from playing it who wants to , after all there certainly seem to be enough people who enjoyed it . As for me the disappointment was too great for me to recommend this to anyone .
 The game play is simplistic , the environments too restrictive -LRB- it 's little more than a side-scroller -RRB- and the graphics sub par .
 This is the only RPG I 've disliked and have n't finished . I did n't care about the characters or the story to keep going . However , the graphics are pretty solid . If I could give this game zero stars , I would .
 At first glance , playing this game does n't seem like an experience that feels like tanning directly under the ozone 's hole . But do n't be fooled . Underneath the sunny exterior lies a sinister , insidious force that leaves you burnt to a crisp.The graphics are gorgeous . Watching the first few cutscenes left me with a slack jaw , and the in-game graphics are head and shoulders above most everything else I 've seen . Character models are incredibly vibrant , colors are bright , and everything seems bathed in a soft glow . If these visuals could somehow be transplanted into a completely different game , we might have something here.The battle system earns a solid `` meh '' . At least it 's not the mess that we bore witness to in Star Ocean 3 , but it 's very mindless hack 'n slash . I just wish I had something more to do than mash the attack button!As all RPG fans know , though , exploration , not battle , is the heart of this genre . In my opinion , a successful RPG must somehow get the player excited about exploring towns and talking to NPCs . However , this is the area in which RS emits an endless , unforgivable stream of greenhouse gases.If you believe the PR , there is supposedly a real-time system that lets you recruit characters and complete sidequests as the day passes . But there are not nearly enough sidequests to do , and time passes veeeeery slowly ... and the only way to fill it is with what I believe is the stupidest implementation of this generation
 You would think that a game created by Square Enix would possess a good storyline , addicting battle system , and unique characters . This game . HAS NONE OF IT . I trudged myself to finish this game because I could n't return it and I must say the game is COMPLETELY horrible . The sole reason why I 'm giving this game ONE star is because the storyline was kind of interesting . However , the ending was horrible and if you really want to know what happens in the game go to radiata stories wikia and read it.The battle system is boring , with only two real commands you can only use to attack . The main character is arrogant and does NOT mature at all throughout the story . The world map is horrible too because enemy encounters are almost unavoidable because of the narrow paths.I am warning you now . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . I wasted 9 dollars to buy this and I STILL REGRET IT .
 Tri-ace made good games once they were called Star ocean and Valkyrie profile . This poor excuse is way below them in terms of quality.It 's a very childish and immature game , not a patch on the seminal kingdom hearts , It 's not surprising that kids seem to be the ones enjoying it the most . It has a dull battle system unlike SO3 and has an almost non-existent storyline . Top that off with dull characters and an awful 1 minute ending and it 's the worst rpg they have ever made.Dreadful because it could have been good .
 this game i think could have been much better if it was n't filled with non stop lame sounds . like the kind you hear on the radio sometimes . and if the charecters were n't really lame and child like i mean your main guy is suppose to be the son of the greatest knight and he acts like a little girl . this game is definately targeted for younger audiences which is wierd why they gave it a teen rating . Also the combat was really lame , it was one button and if you hit a guy enough times you could do a power hit ... yeah super exciting , but it was really boring and the whole game looks really cartoonish , like kingdom hearts ... another bad game if you ask me who thought it would be could to put final fantasy and disney together ?
 This game was really bad and it -LSB- ... -RSB- If you ever think of uying this game remember that it wont worth your money . The battle modes were good but the game was a complete -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was very disappointed on this game made by square enix , because they are the best on RPG games . They rule , but the only game that I did n't like was this .
 Even for a last-gen game , this one is just bad . Poor controls and level design make me wish I could overlook it flaws but i ca n't . The 2nd level with the bad apple numbers game was basically impossible and my son and i had to stop playing . It 's a shame because Larry boy is his favorite . Skip this if you want to save yourself the headache .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 yrs old -RRB- finds the game frustrating to navigate . Even my husband gets frustrated and he 's a hard-core gamer . -LRB- WoW , RPGs , PS2 , Xbox , etc -RRB- I would have been soo thrilled if the game had been a little easier in the area of playability . But , I figure my kids will keep plugging away at it until they finally figure out how to play it without crying!Bottom line , it 's our least favorite game . Great concept . Poor playability . Hopefully , Big Ideas will come out with a better user-friendly game .
 I try to give every game I play a chance , even if I know deep down it 's going to suck . I tried to hold out some sort of hope for maybe an okay experience , but this game did n't accomplish that . This is yet just another bad religious game , but I will say that at least it 's nowhere near as awful as the two previous encounters I 've had with religious games -LRB- The GBA version of this game and The Bible Game on the PS2 -RRB- . I will give the developer of this game credit for at least trying to make this source material work.WHAT THE GAME IS
 I love LarryBoy and VeggieTales . My son received this game from his grandmother for Christmas . He is a pretty good gamer , however , he regularly needs me to help him complete a level . Moreover it often takes me , an avid gamer , multiple tries to complete the level because LarryBoy falls off of platforms for no reason at all . The control is soft and very inexact - making what should be a basic platformer unbalanced and at times overly difficult . Also , the camera regularly lags behind the action or gives insufficent views of what is happening -LRB- such as jumps you are to take or platforms you are to mount -RRB- . Finally , on a personal note , I am disappointed by the graphics - which would look excellent on the PS1 , but now , at the end of the PS2 's lifecycle , we have all come to expect more . I 'm especially shocked that a computer animation company would n't demand the graphics of this game be closer to the quality of visuals on their computer generated videos.The bottom line is that my son is still enjoying this game and is still a LarryBoy and VeggieTales fan , but many a young gamer will be unable to play this game entirely by themselves -LRB- or without massive frusteration -RRB- simply because of sloppy game design .
 Graphics are ok , nothing great . Game is boring and frustrating at times . Very mundane , a lot of `` grabbing musical notes '' . After you have played this game for about 15 minutes , you will never want to hear Alfred 's voice again . I would not buy this game again .
 My 9-year-old likes this game alot . Our complaint , though , is in the quality of the disk . The game freezes at a particular point . Veggietales gladly replaced the disk , but the 2nd one also freezes at the same point . I have called Crave Entertainment several times over the last 2 weeks to see if it 's our equipment . I get a message saying `` Sorry our game is n't working , we 'll call you back . '' But so far they have n't called back-the implication being that they have alot of games that do n't work ! I would return it and get my money back , but my son says it 's fun up to that point , and he wants to keep it . I rated it 4 stars for fun , because it is frustrating when the game freezes .
 EDIT : Umm ... there should be 5 stars up there for overall ... must be a site glitch.The first Drakengard was an interesting deviation from Square Enix 's strict regimen of traditional RPG 's . The concept was intriguing
 Just giving people a warning here . This game is very dull . The voice acting is poor , the dialogue is juvenile , and you can complete the game using a couple of buttons -LRB- just keep trying to hit something , maybe move around a little and eventually you 'll kill it -RRB- . Also , I have no idea why it is rated M. I was n't looking for a gore fest or anything like that but this game would really be ok for a 12 year old -LRB- or younger -RRB- to play . Do n't waste your money , please .
 Recently , I bought this game -LRB- last one in stock ... -RRB- and I LOVE it !!! As a major fan of Action/Adventure genres and Final Fantasy , I grabbed it immediately when it landed on store shelves . Although the hefty $ 50 price tag -LRB- OMG , i know -RRB- set me back , it was a great addition to my collection.As there are other reviews , I wo n't go into detail about the storyline ... but I will post what I disliked and liked about it . First off , the battle system has no boundaries or turns , so you can slash away at enemies without having to wait . The worlds , varying from Mulan to Pirates of the Caribbean , always have you wondering what will happen next , therefore keeping the game alive . Also , collecting the various keyblades is cool , except for some -LRB- like Fenrir , which you obtain only after beating SEPHIROTH , who I was sluaghtered by ... -RRB- But , like other games , it has a few flaws . Take the Final boss battle for example -LRB- which took me AT LEAST 45 minutes to complete , even on Beginner mode -RRB- . You only get to fight with one other character -LRB- I do n't want to spoil it for others , so I wo n't mention his name :D -RRB- . After you beat the boss , you 're only reward is a cutscene and credits . Not being able to save , it seems as though you did all that for nothing ... Although some parts are frustating , and most of the dialogue is confusing -LRB- Hearts , hearts , hearts ... -RRB- , it is a wonderful game , and I hope you enjoy it !!! -LRB- if you buy it :D -RRB-
 As many have , when I first heard of KHI I was half-excited , half-skeptical . Square , whom had seemed to me guaranteed to produce games that most people could enjoy well into their lives , paired with Disney , who was good for distracting children with bright colors and `` shallow end of the pool '' story depth ? And like most , as soon as I started playing I was absolutely hooked . The world this introduced was amazing , it was promising , and the disney elements did n't detract from it much . As soon as I heard there 'd be a sequel , I restlessly awaited till I could find out how it all tied up and everyone got home.It ended up being that Chain of Memories told how it tied together and , unfortunately , in CoM that was where the story depth ended . What I found in II instead were shallow plots , characters who were given meaningless personality traits for specific scenes then had them taken away for others , painful PAINFUL complete reusage of scenes and storylines from the movies they based the worlds on . It was ... yes ... Self Insert Mary-Sue Fanfiction Extravaganza , in a videogame . Oh Sora , how everyone loves you ! Even though you are n't even a definable character anymore , and apart from your directly ripped from movies moments of endearment , you just fight monsters for them . This game is a direct disgrace to the art of making deep , real characters , and even to the characters in KHI and CoM.I do believe the hope of people who played KHI was that KHII would be more down Square 's path , visiting square worlds and such ... I 'm not sure anyone realized just how much originality Square put into the first , and in retrospect it seems clear to me that in this case it was Disney evening it out by making II a complete `` kid-friendly '' -LRB- which apparently means plotless now , instead of ` no violence and sexual anything ' -RRB- , mindless romp of nostalgia throughout their movies , with some of Square 's graphic originality and fame to help sell it.Musicwise , the game has a few good songs , including the patentedly addictive main song -LRB- `` Sanctuary/Passion '' by Utada Hikaru -RRB- , rather similar to the first in this aspect . In most aspects it was a pretty good listen so I do n't have many qualms here ... the voice acting was alright considering , notably Doug Erholtz did a fine job of Leon ... in fact most of the problem was not the talent of the voice actors , but the lines they had to say . And most assuredly during the course of the game you will find yourself wanting to mute it just so that you do n't have to hear any conversation between your main three character or , indeed , all of the people who will inevitably shout `` Sora ! Donald ! Goofy ! '' whenever you arrive.As far as game mechanics go ... the Gummi Ship battles are still fun enough , synthesis is pretty nifty , and Atlantica is no more annoying than all the other cruddy worlds you have to go through . If anything it was just trying to cash in on the rhythm game craze ... I 'm fairly certain that no world you previously visited has been revisited here in the state you knew it as , except Olympus Coliseum maybe and even then not for long . It 's just a shame the story has done nothing to improve the general public 's fear of sequels.It is possible to make a sequel and have it be good -LRB- sometimes even better than the first ! -RRB- , but this definitely is n't such a case . Save your money and play through Chain of Memories , it 's more interesting .
 I had just finished playing KH ast week and was so happy that there was a KH II , but I was completely appalled by how horribly lame and ugly this game is.Nearly all the fun stuff in the first KH is gone . -- treasure chests litter the ground like birthday gifts , there 's no challenge to get to them -- nice graphics , only too bad most of the beautiful background is just that-background , places where the character ca n't go . The designers might as well have drawn nothing outside the programmed path . -- horribly simplified and dumbed down-when wanting to explore an area away from the main task , as you could in the first KH , KH II comes up with a prompt telling you what the primary task is , locking out the other areas . -- Sora 's fun abilities are locked into the Drive characters -- so abilities like high jump have to have the Drive character enabled to use , and then only for a limited time . -LRB- Not that it matters -- there are no longer any challenging areas to get to for treasure chests . -RRB- -- Boss battles are n't challenging and are too heavily prompted . I played the game at medium mode , not having to repeat even one boss battle , they were that easy . -- Moving from world to world via gummi ship , you are forced to play a boring rocket-ship shooter sequence to open the next world , but the graphics shift seemingly at random and you have no control over which way the camera is facing . If I wanted to play Space Invaders I would have bought Space Invaders . -- Too many cutscenes , that cut game play off , unexplored areas get locked out after some of them , so if you venture into the cutscene area first , you ca n't get back to other areas . I think there was more cutscene time than play time . -- Information tags are attached to items for seemingly no good reason . Items that never come up in the game play have green triangle information lights appear over them and meaningless factoids appear related to these . Why ? -- The plotting/writing was horrible ! Visiting Hollow Bastion , Leon reveals an army of heartless threatening the city . Sora promises that he , Donald and Goofy will help protect the city . Several minutes later , they are leaving the city , just because the found the path to the next world ? Huh ? What happened to protecting the city?If you are under 10 and want an easy , pretty game -- you 'll enjoy this . Anyone who likes a challenge and a well-written , well-thought out game will not .
 I cant blame Disney for this one , its all on Squaresoft . There is NO GAME HERE . Mash on the X button and move on . I know 10 year olds who would get bored with this gameplay . Whats worse , the story - whatever little there is , unfolds very very slowly . Most of the time you go to worlds that re-create the films they came from with wierd battles that make no sense . The sped up versions of the worlds ' story make for an experience not unlike seing the Beauty and the Beast 17 minute show at MGM Studios . Only difference is it is experienced for multiple films and in video game form . I think the characters in the prologue showed the most intrigue but alas they arent to be the center of the story . Ignore the Disney freaks here - the only thing worse than a lame Disney sequel is a lame Disney video game !! Stay away from Kingdom Hearts II .
 I have been playing Squaresoft 's -LRB- now known as Square Enix -RRB- games ever since Final Fantasy 1 came out for the original Nintendo . Though I have n't enjoyed too many of their games on the PS2 , I did enjoy Kingdom Hearts 1 . It was a completely new idea , and who knew that pairing Disney with Square would turn out so well ? I had waited for Kingdom Hearts 2 to come out ever since I had beaten the first one . I was really excited when they finally decided to set an official release date . All of the images and footage I had seen from the game made it look really awesome and great . But here is one of my main points
 The product I expected was a working game for the Playstation 2 called Kingdom Hearts II . What I received was the case with a scratched up game and message that said can not read disk . I tried multiple times and cleaned the disc . It did not work . When it arrived , I did not play it for about 2 weeks . When I said to myself , &#34; I 'm bored . I 'm going to play some Kingdom Hearts II since I have n't played it since it arrived . &#34; The rest is self explanatory . Think twice or three times before you shop from this seller . It could have been a minor coincidence that only I received a crappy CD after paying hard earned money for an instant classic , or he/she just wanted a quick buck or two .
 Though it 's a very pretty game , Kingdom Hearts II fell pretty flat for me in comparison to the first title.Pros
 PROS
 I give this game a low score because : :1 -RRB- IT sucks up all of your time . I spent more time on this game than Final Fantasy 7 . I play that game a lot , but time seems to go slower . Playing this game , and hour flies by and you feel like it 's only been 5 minutes . -LRB- -LRB- it took me 36 hours to beat , and then another 10 hours to get everything in the game , way too long for a boring game -RRB- -RRB- 2 -RRB- The worlds take WAY too long to beat . especially atlantica . and you have to go back to every world , and beat it AGAIN ! -LRB- -LRB- probably to make us spend more pointless time on the game -RRB- -RRB- . Also , Atlantica ... It 's the exact same plot from the first game . Hoe does Ursala come back ? -LRB- -LRB- never explained -RRB- -RRB- and why do you have to go back to Atlantica 6 times ? I mean , it says `` get Thundaga and come back '' but why did we need it ? Atlantica is all a musical number .3 -RRB- This game is ALL filler . The plot does NOT take 4 days to get through .4 -RRB- This game has a Sinomatic every 5 minutes . It really gets old . i mean , i bought the game to play it , not to watch it .5 -RRB- and last but not least ... THIS GAME IS WAY TOO EASY ! i mean , with sinomatics every 5 minutes , and informations bars in every battle it feels like this game was made for babies !! I was expecting more from Kingdom Hearts II because i loved the first game so much . The only reason i gave this game 2 stars was because i loved the music so much . It just made you feel good while playing such a boring frustrating game.Before i shutup with my bad review , I even got my sister to play , and she got to the last boss , but lost intrest in it because the game is so boring , and so LONG.Buy Kingdom Hearts 1 and Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories Those are good Hingdom Hearts games .
 Whenever someone does something inventive and inspiring buy that , do n't buy its sequel . The sequel is a rehash of the first at best , and at worst the creator either had n't the energy to do something creative , and just threw together a standard knock-off . Note such sequels as Alundra 2 , Suikoden -LRB- what is it now , four or five ? -RRB- , Wild Arms , etc. . Sure the original was great at one time , but unless you find one that broke the mold , or the story is so interesting and developed that it continues through several games -LRB- from what I read of Kingdom Hearts in plot spoilers it 's not quite that developed -RRB- , it 's not really worth it.The only instances where a sequel outperformed an original is where it managed to be more creative than the first
 I could play Kingdom Hearts I , over and over but , Kindom Hearts II is too boring ! There is too much talking and not enough action . I am too disappointed in this game because of the high standard that Kingdom Hearts I set .
 I 'm not gon na say this is one of the worst games I 've ever played , but it is the most disappointing game I 've ever played . I am a huge fan of the original Kingdom Hearts . One of my favorite games of all time . I was stoked when I found out they were putting out a sequel . I ordered my copy months in advance and waited patiently until it was delivered.That being said , this game has lost touch with what made the original so good . First , the game is very , very linear . In the original , the worlds were expansive and open requiring a player to explore , kinda like Grand Theft Auto
 First , I was under the impression that this game must be great because it is highly rated . Then I found out that it is so over rated . I think the conversations in this games are so boring . The characters are so very not original . I do n't like the idea of doing errands to make munny . So much like a real world . I am all for the surreal and over the top kinda games .
 I have bad news and worse news , the bad is that if you played Kingdom Hearts I you will absolutely hate Kingdom Hearts 2 . The game play is non-exsistant , the story line is at the 1st grade level , and everything they did right in the first game is now gone . The worse news is that the only way one would enjoy this game is if they had never played KH1 . BUT if you never played KH1 you will never understand KH2 ... even at its 1st grade level . You have to give SquareEnix credit , in order to mess up the Final Fantasy Franchise -LRB- they are responsible for the horrible FFX2 as well -RRB- this bad they really had to work hard . I am sorry to say that I am afraid that FFX is the last we will ever see of the FF world . But to pull some good news out of all of this , if you like a 50 hour Disney commercial then this is the game for you . In several worlds you play the EXACT story-line of many of the Disney movies . There is no doubt what is coming next in the game ... and for some that might be a good thing ????
 What a waste of money . Your website should have stated that American games wont work on Australian Playstations . $ 40 for nothing , THANKS !!!!!!
 The reason i wanted you to read this review before buying is because : : Now , the plot of the game is magnificent ! very well thought out !! but a bunch of major flaws that keep my stars coming down.Clips / Synomatics : :
 Kingdom Hearts II is a beautifully rendered PS2 game . The music and voice talent is outstanding.But the game mechanics are almost non-existant . The game is quite long , but that is because of the tediously regular cutscenes . The actual player-controlled portions of Kingdom Hearts II are far too short.Seeing the many Disney worlds in Kingdom Hearts II is fun , but the exploration is limited and too linear.Kingdom Hearts II is a fine game for pre-teens that enjoy watching pretty special effects ... But anyone older will probably find the gameplay tedious .
 I 'm going to set this into pros and cons ... Pros
 I purchased this game due to the fact that the wife and I played Kingdom Hearts I and thought it was extremely fun . We had been anxiously awaiting the release of Kingdom Hearts II for nearly 2 years , and every time the release date was pushed back we would literally get frustrated.Well , it finally came out and we got it and have just beat the game in `` proud '' mode and must say , that it was ridiculously easy . It felt more like an interactive movie where you had to do light tasks to progress it , since a majority of the game is cut scenes . We did n't even worry about beating any of the bosses as they were so easy . Not to mention we were in shock at how fast we were beating the worlds!One of the most ridiculous levels is Atlantica , as the entire level consists of you having to hit the `` X '' button , to sing along songs , at the exact right moment . Even the main boss -LRB- Ursela -RRB- was defeated by hitting the button at the right moment as she was singing a song ! There are n't ANY heartless in that entire world!Another thing that is horrible , was the fact that in the Pride Lands/Lion King world you had to run around has a BABY lion , when you probably near the same age as Simba ! You actually , I kid you not , fight with a keyblade in your mouth , and the moves are awkward at best!Another thing that was ridiculous in the game was during certain bosses you had to complete ` tasks ' such as `` kill 10 enemies in 10 seconds '' which was n't hard , just aggrevating . So you would go through the entire battle , which is more tedious then anything , as its easy , without even getting hit , and would die because you did n't kill 10 enemies in 10 seconds.Honestly the game was very boring overall and we only kept playing so that we could beat the game . Unfortunately there is probably only 20 hours of game play . The longest being the several hour tutorial at the beginning which was hard enough to get through , only because it was so boring . Sadly they FORCE you to do the tutorial.In all , if I knew then what I know now , I would wait until this game came out as a Player 's choice and nab it for $ 19.99 instead of the $ 49.99 + tax we paid for it.So my advice is to wait or to buy it used .
 I love cel-shaded graphics in any game they really make it feel old school and that fits Dragon Quest 8 perfectly . Even though it has n't changed much over the years it 's still held up better than Final Fantasy probably because of its humorous monsters and charming townsfolk . The game really pulls you in feeling sympathetic for King Troad and the cursed princess it also provides a real urgency to hunt down and punish the evil Dhoulmagus.It has a lot of cool features like dressing up Jessica like some kind of Barbie doll , all the other heroes are stuck in the same clothes but that 's alright since they look fittingly heroic anyway . They 're easily the most likable characters to grace a Dragon Warrior game.The difficulty is hard at first but leveling up is more enticing than ever thanks to the skill system , you will always be looking forward to where you 'll put the points next . Battles are the same turn based affair but the monsters are as cute as ever!The Beastiary returns ! It was the only good thing to come out of Dragon Warrior 7 and now it has been expanded with tips from the King like giving Jessica more armor when you keep dressing her up in bikinis.One lame feature is the alchemy crock pot which lets you combine items to create new ones . It sounds cool but most of the recipes make little sense . Hypothetical example
 I was so psyched to play this game . Every review and reviewer going on and on about this game and how great it is.This game totally sucks . It feels like you 're playing a terrible MMORPG , hour upon hour upon hour of level grinding and no story to boot . Except , this is n't even as fun as an MMORPG -LRB- which I ca n't stand by the way -RRB- because character customization is almost totally absent and what little their is -LRB- the skill system -RRB- is pretty much useless!I played this game for 20 hours before finally sitting back , sighing and saying `` this game totally bites . '' Do n't waste your time and your money on this game.There 's a reason why this series never got popular outside of Japan . And it 's because it 's horrible .
 Nathan A. Webster `` Musical anti-snob '' has a great critical review , so I wo n't say anything more on the actual game set-up , especially since I played the game through about , well let 's say just the first couple of battles one must go through in the instructional introduction . I changed the game disc at that point , and this now sits up in the stack of my things that I will probably never do anything with ever again , except to put them in a box when I move them to my next home.I totally bought this game because of Amazon 's delightful way of making recommendations for you based on what you purchase . Since I read a lot of Fantasy books with Dragon in the title , plus I have PS2 , this was a sparkling jewel that has no real value , now that I have seen it for myself . I guess , this could all be due because I have already played through twice Final Fantasy X and both the Kingdom Hearts , plus I 'm currently playing FFXII and Fantasy Star Universe . So you can imagine that seeing little tamagotchi characters showing you how to defeat your enemy , made me feel almost insulted -LRB- I realize that Kingdom Hearts and Fantasy Star U are RPG-just not turned based , but take a look at FFXII which was being developed and already was included as demo in one of the US releases of Dragon Quest and you see huge differences -RRB- So , I guess I should have looked at the original release date -LRB- which is actually October 2004 in Japan , the 2006 date refers to US only -RRB- and the TEEN rating , but to tell you the truth , it should at most be ` tweener ' since apparently battling with brightly colored fun little pokemon animations has no real basis of what defeat in real life would be . Also , this is now the second Square Enix game I 've bought that , to me , does n't live up to it 's reputation . I guess my Quest to find a captivating game these days is like a Journey of the Cursed
 The game did n't work after I have a 3rd person added to my team . Then the screen turns black and never returns back to the game . Oh well .
 there is no story and everything about it is just incredibly boring . who cares about good graphics and sound if the there is no point to the game . overrated .
 I can not believe this awful game only has one other 1 star review.It is LONG.It is BORING . The plot is paper thin with no real character development at all . There are no plot twists , no surprises , NOTHING engaging.The voice acting is hokey and silly.It is overly hard and dungeons get leaps and bounds harder without warning . You HAVE to level build between each quest or forget getting any further.I have played many RPGs and I have never hated one as much at this game . I really can not think of one good thing to say about it .
 If you want to grind for hours , this is your game . If you expect things like story and great graphics , find another game .
 While this game was colorful and pretty easy I stopped playing it about the time your party ends up going to the king and the king ` checks out ' the female in the party . The screen focuses on her bust area and her bottom area . There are other comments up to this point that are inappropriate for children and teens . I just thought `` Really ? '' Dissapointed since this was the first dragon quest that I had ever played even though I often saw them on the SNES in Japan . I sold my copy .
 This is a child 's game , not at all what I had expected from the other reviews . Played it only once .
 I 've played DQ games before and many other RPG 's . And this game advances so slowly . But then there are a million things to do , if that 's what you want.To be more specific - level ups are slow in higher levels , and you get to the point where you have to beat bosses to advance because the regular monsters are n't worth enough . There 's no fast track to the end of the story line and the side quests are a neccessary part of building up.Then there 's the alchemy pot . Nice idea . Nice way to get new items . But , you end up stopping constantly to reload the pot . Or to figure out what you can make.Also , when exploring , you do get attacked a little too often.I played this 70 hours and got what looks like about half to 2/3rds through and could n't sit through it any more . -LRB- Played the other popular new game over 150 hours and completed the entire story line and many side quests . -RRB-
 I loved this game the first few hours I played it . Being a big rpg fanatic in my youth I delighted at the chance to relive the DQ experience . I watched some trailers online and was only more hopeful about this game . This is the legendary DQ series that Japanesse gamers would line up for miles to buy on release day . Sadly I am about 10 hours in and I 'm about ready to toss in the towel . The graphics and music are both nice but rather repetitive . For example each town reuses the same character sprites with an exception or two . I do n't want to sound too bitter and so I wo n't comment on the dialouge / story . I keep on wondering how the original Japanesse dialouge was . The voices are nice though . Anyways , this is a game that starts of promisingly but for me never seemed to deliver . If you 're a huge DQ fan there will be things to enjoy here but if you want to relive the classic rpg experience I would go to the originals . Try Final Fantasy 6 , the first Breath of Fire or Lunar
 Oh what a difference a graphical upgrade can make ! The last Dragon Quest game to make it to America it was all but ignored because of its far behinde-the-curve 2D graphics and out-dated gameplay . Dragon Quest VIII
 Zombie NationThree Stars - A bad acid tripPlaying `` Zombie Nation '' is like playing through a bad acid trip . Much like Monster Party monster ring and its famous onion ring bosses , `` Zombie Nation '' is just non-sensical and completely bizarre . The game also uses both zombies and samuris , a combination not often seen However , the Samauri element does seem tact on , as the samarui is only the character you are playing and has nothing more to do with the zombies than cottage cheese.Kind of like movies , sometimes you have to wonder what the throught process is that gets a game greenlit for production . Imagine this pitch : `` See , this alien called Darc Seed crashes into the Nevada desert , and he turns everyone into Zombies by shooting magnetic rays . With his rays he gives life to Statue of Liberty , who helps him conquer the world . So this decapitated Samurai head comes over from Japan to the United States as he is the only one who can defeat the alien and save the world ! Oh , the Samurai head also shoots vomit . '' The answer
 If i could give zero stars i would , This game was thrown together and rushed out the door , they have killed a franchise , I have two words for you EA `` FREE ROAM '' Most Wanted was the best game ever then Carbon running a close second . Oh and how many times do you have to repeat the name RYAN COOPER during an event?I was apalled by how many menus i had to go through to select a car or a simple race for that matter , and then restricting the type of car i could drive during an event irked me even more , you have to build 4 different cars and tune them all to be able to take the bosses , and the cash you get for race days is pitiful.I really wanted a quick race mode where i could test out my career cars , but there was none , you had to enter a `` race day '' and select 4 different events to see how your `` blueprints '' were gon na work out.One more thing I really missed was getting away from the cops ala Most Wanted/Carbon , this closed course/no cops in sight layout bored me nearly to tears , There was no fun to be had here , glad i used a gift card for it.I 'll be sticking to the BurnOut series
 I purchased this game for my 13 year old son with his new PS3 because he loves some of the NFS series . It definitely was n't worth the $ 60 we paid for it . This was the only game he was really disappointed with . He loves Guitar Hero 3 , has beat Ratchet & Clank Future Tools of Destruction , and continues to enjoy Tony Hawk 's Proving Ground . He said the graphics for ProStreet were good , but otherwise has n't wanted to play it . We are considering trading it in a recycled game store or selling it . I read one reviewer that said he really liked Prostreet , but also said he loved NFS Most wanted and hated Carbon . My son was exactly the opposite , he hated Most Wanted and loves Carbon , so maybe go by what type you liked . We recently got the PS3 version of Carbon since it was freezing up on his older XBOX and he said it was awesome for the PS3 . I would suggest saving your money for the soon to be released Burnout Paradise or Midnight Club LA. . Those are the ones my son is excited about for future games or wait until the price drops lower for Prostreet to try it out .
 Well , I have played the NFS games in the past mainly when I get bored of other games , never got a chance to get into carbon but based on my past experience all I have to say is wow , this game is terrible . Not only do you lose free roam but the biggest thing I noticed and did n't like right away was the controls . R2 is your acceleration ... What ?????? Not only is it R2 , but its so ridiculously uncomfortable to hold down R2 which is meant to be a trigger , not something held down continuously . Your ONLY other option is the right analog which you hold up for acceleration and down for brake/reverse . There are no more challenges outside of the actual racing part of the game ... The game is slow and boring , you race , go to menu , race , go to menu , maybe buy a part for your car , race ... Boring , I have had the game a week I played the first 3 races and have n't put it back in since , big big big let down , not to mention the graphics are not even close to the capability 's the ps3 has ...
 The problem with this game is that it does n't know if it wants to be a simulation or an arcade racer . Need for Speed
 please do n't buy this game . i played the demo and it sucked . there will be plenty of racing games soon enough
 It 's a pretty typical racing game . The sprints are the most fun yet frustrating part of the game . It did NOT keep my interest . I should let you know that the BURNOUT series is my favorite .
 This Game is fun when you 're not waiting for it to load/save . It seems like forever.My next gripe is the soundtrack . There 's only a few terrible songs that get old FAST.I hate the locked cars . If I have the money , let me buy it!Leave the drifting out next time . It 's cool in real-life -LRB- not THAT cool -RRB- , but weak in video games . Maybe , I just do n't get the concept or the appeal to drift `` racing . `` I was pleasantly surprised with the track variation.I 'm glad I rented it .
 Instead of improving on a great formula , EA decided to go in a whole new direction by making the latest Need For Speed politically correct . Gone are the races through the city streets and the chases by the police . Instead , what EA has given us is an uninspired track racing game with a racing announcer whose voice and repetitiveness begins to grate on one 's nerve like fingernails on a chalkboard . I found myself bored after only an hour of play and eventually lost all interest in playing this game.Everyone makes mistakes , and EA is no exception . Hopefully they will return to what works and the next Need For Speed installment will make us all forget about the nightmare known as Need For Speed Pro Street .
 4 races into this game and I was bored , I did not feel like playing it anymore . Free roam is missing where I could have gone an be lawless for a bit until I felt like playing again . Customization is great best of the series to me but that 's the only good thing it has going for it .
 Need For Speed used to be one of the greatest racing series back in the day of the PSone , I could spend hours at a time with a single track . Fast forward to 2007 and the release of NFS ProStreet , there is n't a single enjoyable moment in this game . Sure it looks kinda pretty , except for the hundreds of in-game adds everywhere.I give this game 1 star because of the fact that the game has been brought back to the outdoors and away from the cities , its such a breath of fresh air to be driving in the desert . The different modes are interesting for a few minutes until you play them for the umpteenth time , there is a constant feeling of deja vu about this game and i never felt as though this was a next generation installment of NFS.This could have been any racing game , definitely not one worthy of the Need For Speed title .
 Need for speed has been dependable for a long long time . Sure it was generic and we got one every year . This time , it took a big U turn . Every thing we liked in the past games are gone . Just after 15 min the game get so boring you will never touch the controller again . Probably it is a Wii port up . Cars looks good . Environment all look like a Wii/PS2 game . Stay with Carbon for now .
 *** EDIT
 - Graphics is normal not match 30 % of PS3 Power . - There are no place for story . - boring grip mode.We are waiting for the new one maybe it will be better
 This is one of the worst video games I ever played.The reason why I bought this game is because I thought it will be awesome like need for speed hot pursuit 2 . No , but instead it was all changed I could n't even think about this game.The only thing I thought about this game is the $ 60 I wasted it on it .
 If I had rented this game first I would not have bought it . The feel of the game is not to the same high standard of NFS Underground 2 , NFS Most Wanted and NFS Carbon and even the later NFS Shift . I think it 's fun to drive around the city streets and all of that in the earlier games but the poor game play is why I 'm rating this so LOW . Terrible feel and boring.I was so disappointed when playing this game after being so excited to open it up as a Christmas present 2 years ago . I have n't even got it out to play it once since the first week I tried to play it .
 I played this game once after I bouught it , so I never really gave it a chance .
 I guess its long time I put a review down . This is the worst NFS game ever and with underground coming out I figure I better post here too . I was soo excited for the release of this game , untill I played it . No cops , no extremely fast and crazy races ... more like grand turismo if you ask me . You are stuck on a track there is no free roam and you must compete . There were a few cool things like the wheelie comps but after that gets boring the game is about done . In my opinion NFS could have skipped this one , going from Carbon to any other game in the series was a joke , but this one was just the worst I 've ever seen . Enjoy it if you buy !
 Complete waste of money . Bought it impulsively . Wo n't be able to get a refund , so I will toss it in the garbage . No surround sound . Can not use siaxxis -LRB- sp ? -RRB- controller to steer . Ca n't figure out how to set up second player -- the box says it 's for 2 players . The name of the first player does n't show up on the racer 's screen . There has to be a better racing game out there .
 The game itself is not that bad . Problem is that EA is delivering a beta and claiming its a finished game.First time I put the disc on my ps3 , I had to download a 730 MB update . Yes , that 's right
 Love EA and they Sports games and most other games as well ... but seriously they must have been high to throw this one in the mix ... definately not what I expected having played several NFS games before .
 The races themselves were good , but the game is very buggy . Up until the point were I encountered this : Whenever getting enough points in races so that a raceday is won
 For about the first hour and a half of playing time the game was awesome , after that though , they game freezes after a race ... which also happens to be right before the save ... which means you have the race over ... which does n't work because I have figured out -LRB- from getting extremely frustrated with the game -RRB- that no matter how many times you do the race , it will freeze . So , I have now encountered about 8 races that you can not complete because the game freezes after you finish . I do not know if it is a manufacturers defect or the seller , but im not happy about it .
 EA 's mediocre machine has churned out another snooze-fest with an abnormal amount of product placement.You are a potential client of many corporations . Electronic Arts lets you know this from the very first time you pop in the ProStreet disc . Yes , there will be pandering . Of course there 's stereotyping of the `` import culture '' . It 's got everything you expect in a modern NFS game from an annoying announcer that wo n't shut up to a music selection consisting of only current pop songs . It 's obvious that the game was developed by a committee of suits who are using it simply as a mechanism of further sales.I suppose there 's an in-ad game in here as well . I 'm not sure what EA was attempting to do in the game when it comes to car control and physics . It seems like the developers played a game with decent physics like Forza 2 and then emulated it in the worst possible way . There 's a poor mash-up of arcade and simulation physics in here and the result is an unsatisfying `` feel '' when driving . FWD cars will oversteer when you increase the throttle after turning off all the assists -LRB- to do so requires a trip down a few menus -RRB- . Light to moderate braking does n't lighten the tail of the vehicle as expected . Unfortunately , your choices for control range between simple button mashing and an uncontrollable mess.Some of the race modes are unfairly designed -LRB- such as Sector Shootout -RRB- . This is because whoever sets the fastest time on a particular section of the track gets all the points for that section . The problem is that you will always start at the pack of the pack and thus the lead AI vehicle will consume most of the points on the first run around the track . There are times when you will compete against vehicles significantly better or worse than your own car which makes the game feel cheap all around.There 's a nice selection of cars but winning races does n't earn you much money and thus you wo n't be able to afford them using in-game currency . Which brings up another issue
 Very lame game compared with other quality racing games . Do n't waste your time . PGR is much more fun as is Forza .
 Simply put I do not enjoy playing this game and it is now collecting dust . The `` DJ '' at the racedays , with his `` YO YO HOMIE '' would be laughable if it was n't so irritating . Drag racing ? Why ? News flash ! A drag racing video game is boring ... It is probably a hoot in real life but to hit the gas and drive straight is , well , lame . But it is part of the game for some reason . I have tried to like this game but its so hard . The cars slide off the road at 30mph . I know you start with a basic car but a 1975 VW bus handles better . Rent it , maybe you will like it . But please do not buy it without trying it .
 This game is a racing simulator , like gran turismo or Forza . The problem is that Need for Speed NFS is supposed 2 be arcade-like . Its not supposed 2 be realistic . I love great graphics , but I want another Most Wanted or Underground . I felt Most Wanted was the best by far . The free roam and the cop chases were amazing . In ProStreet , they took out everything that made underground 2 and Most Wanted great . THERE IS NO FREE ROAM AND NO COPS . The smoke sucks to . For some reason , the game does n't give the sense of speeding like Most wanted , Underground 1 and 2 , and Carbon gave . I did n't like Carbon much because of the layout , the streets became annoying since there was no looped freeway . It does n't look realistic at all , it would be better if they took it out . The races are very routine and boring . The announcers become annoying as heck . The reason I gave it a 2 for fun is the customization and the selection of cars . I also like that it does have daylight . BUT SERIOUSLY PEOPLE , NO COPS NO FREE ROAM = NOT NEED FOR SPEED !!!!!! If i wanted a racing simulator , i would have gotten Forza 2 which I have . But I was wanting an arcade like game without the overdone powerups and completely idiotic jumps like midnight club . I wanted something inbetween midnight club and Forza2 , and Most Wanted was that , but Prostreet is not .
 NFS
 this game suuuuuuucked what happened carbon was great and most wanted was awsome this game sucked really really bad . listen all im saying is good thing I rented it for 8 $ and didnt spend 60 like ervyone else , remember you ca n't return it after you open it so listen to me . do n't get this .
 I played it for a week and got bored . There are not many variations in the game play , just the basic 4 types of tracks and it sometimes becomes to difficult to complete a level when people upload unrealistic stats .
 When this game come out , I waited for other people to waste their money on full price . I saw the videos and they were amazing ... that is how I knew that this would not live up to those videos . I played the demo before it came out and was impressed with the cars but with need for speed , when is being impressed by the cars an issue ? I have had various need for speed titles that go back to before xbox like hot pursuit . I have enjoyed every need for speed title . I have not played undercover and probably will not by it until the price is below $ 20 . So what I am saying is , I bought this game for less than $ 10 and it is a lot like Forza Motorsport 2 -LRB- it even has the red/yellow/green arrows around turns -RRB- , which I did not like . Need for speed tried to make this an actual simulation of driving and it just flopped . You have to designate cars to race in a very specific category and can not use one car for everything . If you have played Forza and love it then you will love this game . If you are a need for speed fan then you will not like this as much as the other games . I enjoy this game because I know that I did not waste that much money on it .
 NFS
 I think it 's fair to say ProStreet is almost as big a disappointment as Carbon . Most Wanted brought us a great environment , good -LRB- albeit cheesy at times -RRB- cop chases , but most importantly
 The only need for speed game I ever played was where I would was an undercover cop . I had to race illegally and had to run away from cops as well.This was closer to gran turismo with a tiny story line.If you 're expecting this game to be like Need for Speed
 Sacred II takes its graphics and its gameplay from Diablo II ... with its own unique set of additions/changes . Good : - You can ride horses ! Some abilities ca n't be used while on the horse , but these are generally sensible things.-Hotkey up to four weapons and skills for easy access.-Combo system for combining skills.-Includes DRAGONS . Yeah ... how did they miss that in Diablo II ? - no running to retrieve all your gear from your carcass when you die . -LRB- YAY ! -RRB- - Game saves your location , so you wo n't instantly be teleported back to a default location when you quit , like you do in Diablo II.Bad : - Belts do n't give you extra potion spots - they just add to armor -LRB- overall , not too much of an inconvenience -RRB- . - Spears are swung like staves.-Character dialogue is sometimes cheesy and annoying during gameplay , not to mention inconsistant in characterization . You 'll run into this a lot as the vampiress . Apparently she 's one of the good guys , hoping to win back her soul by fighting evil and injustice.This would be fine if it was n't carried out so terribly . The vampiress 's stock dialogue includes the following : `` There are mortals here , but rather than stir my bloodlust , these meek creatures incite in me a desire for forgiveness . I shall not harm them . '' This made me want to puke it was so cheesy . You wo n't catch Angel or Spike uttering crap dialogue like that , and THEY 'RE vampires seeking forgiveness for past misdeeds . `` Cities are quite the feeding place for vampires . It 's an all you can eat buffet ! '' `` This church is a great place for vampires ... lots of dark corners . '' `` Your blood is weak ! '' battle taunt-Maps are HORRIBLY done , and you may spend so much time trying to get from point A to B that you may just give up and you stop progressing through the story . No good wiki guides , either . The maps for Diablo I and II were n't artwork , but they told you where you were and where you needed to go . These maps have no key or labeling , so you kinda have to figure out what all the markings are . They are also inaccurate - my map did n't show 2/3s of a fort and at one point told me I was in the midst of a lake when I was on solid land . The maps are the WORST flaw in this game.-Combo system does n't add anything to game . Really . You are at no point required to use combos and button mashing of abilities is just as easy.-Skill upgrade takes away from character customization . In Diablo II , you accumulate skill points to spend as you see fit . In Sacred , you are given certain jewel-like items as a reward for completing quests and stuff . This would n't be a big deal except each jewel can only be used to upgrade a certain skill . You may run into three jewels , for example , and each of them will tell you which ability it will upgrade . If you want to upgrade a different skill - well , tough .
 I know sacred is a fun game but this dvd didnt contain a key code . You have to have a a keycode for sacred and sacred underworld to play this game on multiplayer!Where is my key code ???
 The game Sacred was , in my opinion , a very boring game . I bought this game because of the good reviews it had gotten and how it was much related to Diablo II
 The game in itself is entertaining , however it did not come with CD keys , nor can they be found on the CD 's , they are necessary to play in the multiplayer mode . I have written various emails to Ascaron , the makers of the game , in order to solve the problem , however help and/or solutions have been non-existent . Reccomendation
 To all you harsh critics of video games out there ... turn around , NOW . Same goes for you dedicated roleplayers ... run as fast as you can.If you 're just looking for something to kill a little time , really liked games like Diablo , or want something to relax with after work/school , kick back and buy Sacred.I must say ... all of the comparisons to Diablo and the people urging me that `` the game does too have a story ! '' led me to buy the game . I was misled ... Classes/Skills/Character Management
 You might already be confused by the rating I gave to this game but let me explain . FIFA 08 is a great game , with the best gameplay ever in the FIFA series . The soundtrack can easily satisfy most listeners , the graphics are imperessive as always , the commentary although repetitive still good and at times even pleasent , the BE A PRO mode is insanely amazing and very well done ... I could go on and on about how great this game is . However there is something that totally disgusts me about the FIFA series every year and that is how they always manage to short change soccer fans around the globe . My problem with FIFA is that it never adds the icing on the cake ... EVER . As a fanatic I want to feel that football atmosphere that goes with every game ... waving flags , flares , national anthems , longer goal celebrations , the roar of the crowd when u score , especially in a Champions League final or world cup . Especially being on a next generation console how about adding the reserve bench , the coach , and a nice 5 minute trophy celebration that any player deserves after playing an intense tournament or season 4 a few good days . How about adding a little human touch and reality to those motionless laughable environments ? All that aside , stil a great buy .
 I really long for the days when games played like games . The days when one had a few options and at least some of the options were good . With the growth of the few titans of the industry , we are subjected to various versions of repackaged garbage year after year . Fifa 07 was a mess plain and simple . I had hoped that having another year to tinker with this on a new platform would finally generate some quality . Once again I have been utterly disappointed.To be fair , the game does have some bright spots ; Graphics are very good , player animation is mostly good and fairly accurate , and the stadium noise and play by play commentators are as usual very good.Initially when I played the , I played against my brother -LRB- both of us seasoned Fifa players -RRB- , everything seemed dandy with a few isolated issues.However once I tried playing against the computer , everything broke down , and the game became pretty much unplayable in my opinion for the following reasons :1 -RRB- It appears as if none of your team mates has ever set foot on a soccer pitch . No one knows how to pass the ball , how to defend or stay in position .2 -RRB- None of your team mates will go after a loose ball , no matter what . They will simply stand by and watch an opponent scope it up . Passes do not go where you aim all the time sometimes they do and sometimes for no apparent reason , they do n't quite . Off course there is always the ever seeing AI to take advantages of these situations .3 -RRB- It does n't matter who you are paying as , you ca n't outrun any of the computer controlled defenders nor can your defenders get anyone of the ball with any success .4 -RRB- The referee must run around with blinders on or he must be in the pocket of whichever AI opponent I play . He swallows his whistle while you get thrown and shoved around the pitch and miraculously finds it if you are able to make a challenge .5 -RRB- It is almost impossible to maintain possession of the ball to any length , if an AI opponent even breaths in your direction , you loose the ball . Ah but wait , just watch in amazement as the AI strikers weave and draw circles around your clueless defenders.In short this game in a nutshell has characterized a lot of EA 's sports titles lately . I am a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- fan ; I played soccer for years as a kid and have watched the game on several levels from kids including me , playing in our backyards with rocks for goals to the English premier league . On no level do I see anything resembling the rubbish that EA has called a soccer offering for 2008 . I ca n't believe that any of the designers , testers or anybody at any level that had anything to do with this piece of trash ever played soccer or has even seen the game played.Ok . Fed up with playing against the CPU , I decided to try playing online since the game seemed a lot more balanced when playing with another human being . I already have an xbox live account etc and have been playing games online for a while now , including EA 's Fight Night . However trying to get a game going , I was greeted with a new sign in screen with so much fine print that it literally took me almost a half hour to get through !!!!! I guess EA assumes that most people will simply click `` I Agree '' and move forward , but at this point I had to see what they had to say that would take up soooo much . The gist of it is that they are collecting your information including your user tag , birthday , etc and have cookies which will install themselves on your machine -LRB- pc users -RRB- and monitor only for their purposes of course how long you play etc so you can be properly advertised to.Perhaps I was pissed of already at this point but that was the last straw . To charge $ 60 for this game , another $ 60 to Microsoft for access to Xbox live and then sign away to have ads imbedded in the game when I play online and my info sold to others , so EA can make even more money , oh yeah off course you indemnify them from everything under the sun , and to top it all off , the game plays like crapola ... All I can say is that I am glad I only rented this game .
 If you like to play serious soccer video games , this may be for you , but if you just dont have the time to learn all the details of this game you might as well just leave it on the shelf . The graphics are good and the options are great , but the game is a major disapointment for casual gamers . The amateur mode is very difficult and seems to get harder when you play in different leagues . I like soccer , but I would rather get a ball and play the game outside then waste time trying to learn to play this game . Leave it to the hard core players who have hours to kill learning this game . If you like to hit the ground running having fun with a soccer game out of the box , this is not the game for you . If you are a big soccer fan with lots of time on your hands ... this is for you . I would have rated this game higher if the amateur level was actually easy to win . What is the point of a game that cant be fun out of the box ? Especially for younger kids . I beleive soccer should be fun for all , at any age , and this game misses the mark .
 Not into soccer games so its hard to play and control different players . Much better games out there
 The levels even on the easiest level are insanly hard . There are NO health packs ! The enemy almost never misses and sometimes they even seem to fire at you before you 're even IN the doorway to shoot at them . They always see you first , and I could not get past the first level . This game SUCKS.I always play FPS games at the highest difficulty and I always finish the game . I 've played the `` Halo '' series , `` Doom 3 '' , `` Quake '' , `` Unreal '' , `` Unreal Championship '' , `` Black '' , `` Farcry '' and many other shooter games . I always hold my own at the highest difficulty but this game `` The Road to Berlin '' is the WORST shooter game I have ever seen . DO NOT BUY .
 This is utter garbage ! You 're better off using this as toilet paper than melting your brain cells playing this trash!Sure it 's a budget game , but at least MOST budget games give you some sort of entertainment . THIS ! This is torturous . Not only does it reek of bad game play , but the horrendous controls make this virtually unplayable.Don ' t even bother with the story . It 's absent just like the AI . You 'll see enemies running into walls , getting stuck on a rock , shooting at nothing ... Let 's just say that the AI is dumber than a doorknob.I was surprised that this game featured an online option . Usually crap games never give you that choice . But do n't expect ANYONE on the servers ! LOLConclusion
 Not quite as good as I had expected . Works , but I wo n't use it . Too clunky .
 Wanting to prepare for Mafia II , I ordered the first installment of the game . I suppose this game might be fun for those people still running Windows ME , but I 'll never get the chance to tell.It 's clear that the issues are in the installer . It 's sold under the brand Sold Out Software , a division of Mastertronics , a British company -LRB- that fine nation which is also home to British Petroleum -RRB- . There were three issues during installation.First , the installer required the system to be set to `` small fonts '' -LRB- i.e. the standard DPI setting -RRB- . Of course there is no good reason for this -- every installer in the world WORKS with my chosen DPI size , though few actually DISPLAY the type in the preferred size -LRB- a common problem with many other areas of Windows -RRB- . This will affect a minority of users , but it 's still sloppy programming.Second , during installation the program kept asking for `` MAFIA CD 1 . '' It was of course already in the drive ; hitting OK and popping it out to reseat it were unsuccessful.So , it was clear that we had a non-working installer under Windows 7 . -LRB- All of the XP games I 've bought from Amazon work with that OS , but remember , this is just the installer and not the game . I 'm betting the game would work if I could get it onto the HD . -RRB- Upon attempting to quit , I started getting truly bizarre error messages ; they looked like they were collections of other error messages thrown into a dialog box . Eventually I had to visit the Task Manager and close the window manually.I 'll be returning this , and perhaps picking up a cracked copy . What do you want to bet that the pirated version works better than this load of garbage ?
 It 's common knowledge by now that the PS3 system runs pretty darned hot even without extended use . Given the high price tag of the system , most owners will find it wise to invest in some sort of aftermarket cooling attachment.Initially , I set up a small AC fan I already owned that , in the past had helped keep my stereo amplifier nice and cool for exptended periods of heavy use . I configured the AC fan to sit about an inch away from the exhaust grid on the right hand side of the PS3 . I also set the fan so that it would pull hot air out of the PS3 rather than blow outside air into it . My AC fan worked quite well in that capacity and kept the PS3 noticably cooler than without it . However , I knew this was only a temporary solution . I quickly grew tired of switching the fan back and forth between my Yamaha amp and PS3 . Plus , if I wanted to use the PS3 and run home theater sound at the same time , one unit or the other was n't getting cooled.Given that , I sought out an aftermarket fan that would fit the PS3 so I could keep my AC fan serving its original purpose which was to cool my amp . I came across the Slim Cooler and obtained it on ebay . I could tell it was cheap but at that time it was the only fan I could find that was made to fit the PS3 . So I bought it . Let me say that even with my already low expectations , boy was I disappointed . While the fan matches nicely with the PS3 and interfaces well with the USB front input , it ultimately fails at achieving its primary objective - to actually cool the PS3 unit.The first problem is that the two tiny centrifugal fans move little to no air even though they make enough noise to make you think they do . The basic design of the unit is its biggest flaw , however . This fan tries to take outside air and force it into the PS3 unit . I suppose in theory that same air is supposed to push interior heat out of the exhaust vents of the PS3 . To me this is a rather stupid design . But it 's one that can work reasonably well , provided powerful enough fans . Unfortunately , the slim cooler does n't have nearly enough power for this design to be effective . Upon first use , I waited about 15 minutes , then placed my hand in the area of the exhaust vents . I could n't detect any of the air movement that is supposed to be provided by this fan . But what is worse is that the PS3 ran just as hot with as without the slim cooler fan . $ 20 down the drain . I did promise myself , that if I could n't get my $ 20 worth , I 'd at least prevent others from making the same mistake I did.I have since purchased the `` Intercooler '' fan from Best Buy . Although larger than the slim cooler , the `` Intercooler '' integrates more seamlessly with the PS3 unit . It clips to the side and rear vents of the system and is a sturdier , better made product . It has bigger fans and pulls air out of the PS3 rather than just forcing air in . It 's also no louder than the slim cooler despite having stronger fans . Rest assured ... the `` Intercooler '' does a good job of keeping the PS3 cooler . Granted , it 's about $ 15 more than the slim cooler , but at least it works . I think most people would rather pay $ 35 for something that works than $ 20 for something that does n't .
 Ok ... it works pretty good , tranfers air into the PS3 . . and fits on the PS3 just fine . . after about 2 weeks this cooler started humming really loud , I started getting pissed off at it . . so I hit it , and it stayed quiet ... about another week , i had to hit it twice to make it shut up ... im at about 5-6 hits now ... I just wonder how many more hits before it just breaks ...
 I was quite disappointed with this product . It does not even properly fit the PS3 , it hangs off the front and does nothing to cool the back of the playstation where it is needed . The product was grossly misrepresented on Amazon 's site and I was unsatisfied .
 This seems to be designed for the older PS3 -LRB- 20/60gb -RRB- . Do n't waste your time with this item unless you have the first generation models .
 I replaced this keyboard with the newer G15 -LRB- orange -RRB- and found it was much better all around . This G15 was so large that the mouse pad was scrunched in the corner , also had technical problems with it after some use - certain keys stopped working randomly . Not sure if it was a driver issue or something else -LRB- using Vista -RRB- but could n't fix it . If looking for a great gaming keyboard , go with the newer G15 instead .
 This keyboard has a nice blue backlit key area , macro support to enable a much higher number of available keys and USB ports on the back to plug in whatever USB device you like . These features are all quite nice , however I would suspect that most people would buy this keyboard for its apparent ability to display the stats from your favourite games on the built-in LCD display panel.This is both the key feature and the total downfall of this product . The LCD screen can do very little , if not nothing more than display Winamp/Windows Media Player 's currently playing track and volume level . On the keyboard 's box it has an illustration of the LCD in action with it displaying Shells , Grenades , Rocket Ammo etc. . In actual fact this is not possible `` out of the box '' . It may not even be possible at all!From what I have found there is a download available for programmers to create plugins for the keyboard to enhance its capabilities . This is certainly beyond the average computer gamer and I think not very realistic of Logitech to expect the end user to program the features into the keyboard that we expected it to have in the first place.In short this is a nice keyboard but the LCD screen is essentially useless . You are better off buying something cheaper without the LCD display , or wait until Logitech perhaps release a patch of some kind to add the basic in-game functionality you would expect from looking at the box .
 This item is for those playing a very limited amount of supported games . The G15 is not picked up by my XPS 700 series as a keyboard but as an accessory . At first it locked my system everytime I attempted to boot or reboot . Installation did not follow as per instruction . Where there were to be prompts there were to be prompts per the documentation that came with it . If I had to do it over again I would not have purchased this product . It is not condusive to the games I use nor to my use of my system . 2 stars
 Just like others have stated . The paint comes off the keys after a few months of use . You would think logitech would have made a better product .
 Brought mine when it just came out so maybe they 've tweaked it by now but the light letters on dark keys just dont work well during the day . They 're light blue against black and the contrast just wasnt good enough . At night or in a dark room visibility is a lot better.The room where I keep my PC has a lot of natural light during the days , so I 've since switched to the Saitek Eclipse keyboard -LRB- blue against silver keys -RRB- which I can comfortably use night and day . The Saitek doesnt have all the features of the logitech , so if Logitech comes out with a G15 with silver keys I would probably switch back .
 I gave this to my partner for Christmas and she has been using it steadily since then . She is taking college courses online and does alot of typing . The `` E '' is gone , it just shows the blue light coming through . Even the space bar is wearing out . I have been using Logitech keyboards for years and every one I have owned has had the print on the keys worn off from moderate to heavy use . The RMA process with Logitech is cumbersom at best , so my next keyboard will be something else , like maybe an Optimus keyboard .
 My G15 keyboard started glitching within 8 months of purchase , my Enter , K , and I keys were the 1st to go , then keys started double typing and when I contacted Logitech 's customer support they had me hook it up to a 2nd pc without there software . I hauled the keyboardinto work and hook it up -LRB- what a pain ! -RRB- and yup the keyboard is junk.Logitech 's customer support had me fill out a bunch of info but I did n't have my receipt so I 'm out my 180 $ , I went back to my old keyboard , its 10 years old and still works perfectly!Logitech should be ashamed of them selves for selling substandard products at inflated prices ! No matter how many bells and whistles a keyboard has it should last longer then 8 months!I have an update - I worked with a very nice customer support person at Logitech and even without my receipt they worked with me to get a replacement keyboard ! That 's the good , the bad is that the new keyboard is the newer G15 and it seams to be a shadow of the original g15 that I had . I liked the flip up screen and disc volume control , the larger keys/keyboard . Everything about this new g15 is just less then the original G15 and I do n't think they should be calling it a G15 .
 I purchased this keyboard well over a year ago and i 'm already on my second one . The first was replaced by logitech because of `` faulty clearcoat '' on the paint , which came off within 1 month of acquiring this keyboard . The replacement came soon after and the keyboard paint seemed to last ... for a time , however 6 months later the frequent keys -LRB- wasd to name 4 -RRB- are already blue smudges , which occured under normal use . -LRB- This computer is used primarily for games , and I only have a couple hours to play them a day , at most -RRB- I 've had keyboard that have lasted for years that still look new , however the same does not hold true for the logitech G15.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's a pretty keyboard , with keys that are easy to press and quiet . The LCD looks sharp but is nearly useless .
 The keyboard is good quality but , the blue backlight is very poor , at times it 's very hard to see unless you are directly over the keys . The on-the-fly recording of macros is it 's best feature . If I had kept the box I would return it for refund .
 WTF ? Why would I want an Italian version keyboard shipped to Newport Beach , CA ? There is no where on this advertisement saying its selling an Italian version . BUYER BEWARE . I will update this review once I hear back from this company regarding returns .
 The G15 series 1 similar to this picture was what i ordered . Sad to say is what was delivered to me was the smaller G15 series 2 . I do n't know if i can still return this as the unit is now in the Philippines . The package was delivered to my sister in law 's house in Las Vegas and she brought the wrong item here in the Philippines . I already have 2 units of the G15 series 2 . Such a frustration on my part ...
 Bought this keyboard for my gaming husband and we discovered that it caused numerous games to freeze and just did n't work as expected . We now have an oversized paper weight on our hands . I would not recommend this to anybody .
 I like the idea of a gaming keyboard , but this one just does n't fit the bill . Regardless of intended function , a keyboard needs to `` feel '' properly - tactile feedback from key strokes is the primary criterion for rating a keyboard , in my opinion at least . I know this is subjective , but for me the keyboard just feels too mushy , and key presses are too long.As for features , the display is a novelty , as the games I 've played showed only basic data that I could configure on my monitor , and I 'd rather keep my eyes on the monitor than look down at my keyboard for that info.The extra row of keys on the left side were useful for several games , and the blue backlighting looks cool.I replaced the G15 with the Razer Tarantula , which feels much more crisp and precise to me .
 Great looking keyboard . Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed . That includes cleaning . And do n't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it . The keyboard self destructs after you have the , count them , 10s and 10s of screws.I called their customer support . They were n't like DELL , nobody is that bad , but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50 % off their retail price . shipping was extra . So you save maybe $ 10 off street prices.All-in-all they are no longer the good company they were in the past . They need competition . So I 'm pulling out my old logitech from retirement . Too bad they do n't make those old keyboards anylonger .
 Well this version is really not worth the price it is now i know people like this one mostly better to the newer one but there is mostly only 2 major diffrinces . G15 Old = blue LEDand more G keysG15 2007 = Orange LEDand Fewer G keysthats the major reason why ppl are complaining about the newer one.the Newer one is better . but it would of been BETTER if it had a option to light up in 1-2 or more LED colors instead of one . will see that propbly in the newer logitech gameing keyboard
 overall not a bad keyboard , but the only reason i chose this model over other gaming keyboards is b/c it 's advertised that it `` shows you crucial information during game play '' . however , it 's not until AFTER i had trouble with this feature and looked on Logitech 's help page that i found out that this only works for TWO GAMES and will only work for future ones if the developer goes out of their way to program the game to . What a waste , it 's a decent keyboard , but definately was n't worth price .
 This is one of the worst gaming keyboards I have owned . The keys feel mushy on press , and sometimes even get stuck in the keywell , which itself feels deeper than other keyboards out there . When connected to via usb , the keyboard sometimes does n't turn back on when coming out of sleep mode , I RMA'ed it to Logitech -LRB- who to be fair have great support -RRB- and the new one had the same issue -LRB- when no other keyboard had this problem . -RRB- Lastly , the thing is a behemoth , not only because of the extra marco keys on the left , but because of the poor layout of key placement , which sets everything far apart . If you are looking for a great gaming keyboard , go with the Tt eSports or the Razer Blackwidow , both of which are fantastic . Or better yet , go with a Filco or Das .
 A friend and I both bought this keyboard at the same time for gaming . Within 2 months the letters on mine started wearing off on the keys . Mine started wearing off first so we figured it was something I was doing until a few weeks later when his started wearing off also . I would n't recommend this keyboard for someone who types alot , unless you do n't mind not being able to see what the keys are .
 My G15 keyboard started glitching within 8 months of purchase , my Enter , K , and I keys were the 1st to go , then keys started double typing and when I contacted Logitech 's customer support they had me hook it up to a 2nd pc without there software . I hauled the keyboardinto work and hook it up -LRB- what a pain ! -RRB- and yup the keyboard is junk.Logitech 's customer support had me fill out a bunch of info but I did n't have my receipt so I 'm out my 180 $ , I went back to my old keyboard , its 10 years old and still works perfectly!Logitech should be ashamed of them selves for selling substandard products at inflated prices ! No matter how many bells and whistles a keyboard has it should last longer then 8 months!I have an update - I worked with a very nice customer support person at Logitech and even without my receipt they worked with me to get a replacement keyboard ! That 's the good , the bad is that the new keyboard is the newer G15 and it seams to be a shadow of the original g15 that I had . I liked the flip up screen and disc volume control , the larger keys/keyboard . Everything about this new g15 is just less then the original G15 and I do n't think they should be calling it a G15 .
 Do n't get me wrong it 's nifty but it 's far from perfect . Oops it only has usb 1.0 extra jacks . There 's no reference for what the gaming keys have been assigned to do -LRB- little screens on each key like on another keyboard would have been nice -RRB- . There 's that switch to turn off the windows key , but why does a keyboard for gamers have a windows key in the first place . The result is that the Ctrl key is farther out than I 'm use to -LRB- I 've used an old IBM clicky keyboard for years -RRB- . The included apps are barely useful , there are better mods out there but stuff like a task manager should have been a no-brainer . The screen should have been in color and higher resolution.If you have a working keyboard you can stick with that and wait a generation or two before getting this sort of keyboard . This is a vanity purchase at best .
 Just bought this stick . Great look and feel . Good action on throttle and x and y axis . BIG Problem-Saitek knows about it . In MechWarrior4 all version and Need for Speed most version , tends to `` fade '' to the left . When twist is used , that feature also `` pins '' to the left and can not be corrected . The updated driver available on Microsoft 's website does not completely correct the problem . It just fades alittle slower . Saitek tech support has not replied to my emails to this point . I think I will try one of the Logitech products or Microsoft 's . MS is much more expensive , but they always work .
 This joystick has a good grip and feel , but when using it there are a few major problems . It constantly stops responding and needs to be recalibrated . And it always drifts to the left when it is working after moving it . I am currently looking for a new one because of this joysticks poor quality .
 The controller lasted one day until it broke . That 's it . My computer no longer recognizes it . And because I am overseas I have to pay a fortune to take advantage of the warranty . It is now in my trash can . No Thanks
 As of writing -LRB- 24/6/2007 -RRB- , there are , to my knowledge , no drivers for Vista.If I 'm wrong , please let me know where to get them -LRB- I have tried the obvious places i.e. Saitek , MS , and FS sites -RRB- .
 Okay , fade to the left is a pain . . But what 's worse is that the twist axis is based on an odd number , so there is n't a centerpoint ... after a twist in any direction , the calibration on this stick starts to go , then keeps going and going and going ... Do n't like saving a game to re-calibrate my stick . I am online now shopping for a replacement . Suggestions ? Anyone ?
 I 've had this for a long time - only because I do n't `` fly '' that often . After my last computer rebuild , I decided to get back into it with FSX . -LRB- Note - I had zero problems getting working in Win7 -RRB- I then remembered why I had shelved it before . I can fly normal for awhile , do some maneuvers . Move the joystick back to center and I 'm doing a tailspin . To fly straight and level , I then have to hold the joystick back and to the side . Does n't make for comfortable use .
 This could actually be a pretty good stick if it was n't for the fact that its calibration is constantly getting out of whack . I 'm using the stick for flight sims only -LRB- mostly Warbirds -RRB- and I 'm sick and tired of having to press F12 in the game to reset the stick 's center position every 20 seconds or so . That makes this stick essentially useless to me.Another thing I noticed is that in the Windows game controller calibration page , the center position is constantly jittering ... as in not quite standing still -LRB- as all other sticks I 've had to date would -RRB- . If you need a good stick for a flight sim , stay away from this toy .
 This game shuts my pc down . I loved the game but it was causing problems and I had to remove from my machine .
 This is a far cry mfrom HU2010 . I do n't like being sold a version that I did n't want in the first place . And secondly this is no more than a &#34; shooting Arcade &#34; game . Thier are no provisions for Free Hunt or any of the featuresin 2010 . I am very disappointed in this product and have decided not to place any more orders with AMAZON . Nor will I buy a HU product again until I try it first !! My advise is to look elsewhere for a true hunting program.SignedVery Unhappy
 Complaint Section - Take a Number Please : In my humble opinion - read what the others have implied above , especially those who have ; like me , the earlier versions of HU 5 -LRB- Hunting Unlimited -RRB- ... . I have -LRB- HONEST -RRB- fallen asleep during this multiple times - on top of it all there are bugs and glitches ... I do n't know if it is me or if Hunting Unlimited has grown worse and worse?I find that it is absurd that one , for example , I have nVidia graphics - must turn off the acceleration , PhysX , yadda , yadda , yadda - and then in spite of my HDMI/HD resolution -LRB- native -RRB- having to set the configuration on the program to 1024 x 780 just to work - Bah Humbug ... This is Windows 7 Operating System with the latest NVIDIA Graphics on x86 platform aka 32 bit - I tried this program on my friend 's 64 bit Win 7 ; personally , I do n't know which end was worse ; while NVIDIA gave more control and options than his RADEON graphics -LRB- 64 bit OS -RRB- - I mean ... what gives?Yes , it says Win 7/Vista/XP - and I had used the `` Run As '' - options to see if the program would run better in earlier versions than Windows 7 ; Windows Vista was no good and XP was hideous unless you are an expert and know how to build OS and still have an older version of NVIDIA graphic card -LRB- like I do -RRB- but I find it absurd and asinine to remove and install an old version of NVIDIA graphic card JUST for this game only ... Mind you - I canned this game and returned it back to the store ; remarking it as defective which I obtained several old versions of Deer Hunting and Need for Speed ... for goodness sakes ... SAVE YOUR MONEY - DO N'T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE AN OLD OPERATING SYSTEM -LRB- WINDOWS -RRB- HANDY JUST FOR OLD GAMES WITH AN OCR -LRB- not HD or HDMI -RRB- WITH KEYBOARD AND MOUSE AND/OR CONTROLLER ...
 I bought this game as a fan of dragon-based RPGs . For an RPG it has little to NO story . The enemies in each area are REDUNDANT . The fighting system is n't too bad , but the leveling up in this game is mind-numbingly boring . When I finally quit playing this game , I had been playing for 70 + hours and STILL did n't really care about what was happening to any of the characters . There is basically no in game tutorial to get you started . I traded it in for $ 1 and still consider that better than finishing this game .
 The storyline starts out fairly well , and the graphics are great . The voice acting is a bit on the fake side . However , aside from the nice visuals , the battle system is very unstable . I usually do n't die within the first six hours of a video game , but in Dragoneer 's Aria , I had already died 12 times within the first three hours . The random battles are just that -- random about what you 'll actually encounter . During one battle , you may come away without a scratch . The next might be so hard that it wipes out your entire party -- and this in dungeons that you 've already beaten . All in all , it does n't make for smooth gameplay when you have to keep reloading old data to try again ... and again ... and again ... e.t.c.
 First of all , the graphics and gameplay are not worthy of being on the PSP . All of the dungeons have breaks at the polygon seams with light shining through making the graphics ghetto . The battles are so slow that you will need anti-depressants to get through them.This game has the worst drop rate for items I have ever seen . I must be a masochist because I played the game over 100 hours hoping to get the ultimate weapons and armor , but only had enough items to open one chest at the end of the game only to get another recipe , not the actual item . What do you do once you have 999,999 money and all characters are at level 99 ? QUIT!I suffered through the game to see the ending , which lasted about 2-3 minutes and left tons of unanswered questions . Where are the Full Motion Videos ??? This game is an embarassment to the PSP . Do n't waste your money - buy Brave Story and Valkyrie Profile
 This game was a lot of fun for console , but PC play was lame . If you disagree with this you can buy mine .
 It 's just my opinion but I do n't care for these games at all . They go through a lot of trouble to make them realistic with actual weapons , very good graphics , and then they set it up so that the enemies can , for instance take an inhuman amount of damage . I shot one of them in the chest 5 times with a .50 cal pistol at close range and they did n't drop , there is something wrong with that . I even shot one of them in the head with a sniper rifle , blood came out the back of his head onto a wall , and then he shot me dead . The player can take similar damage . Plus by the time you 've beaten the game you 've either saved and loaded several dozens of times or you 've gotten shot several dozens of times . Either way it 's not very realistic game play at all , which is a fault of quite a lot of first person shooters in my opinion -LRB- I know I 'm in the minority opinion as far as that goes -RRB- . Getting shot should probably mean something though , if you like realism . I would disagree that the AI is good . The enemies reflexes are sometimes way too high and as another reviewer pointed out the enemies are often psychic . The three games get progressively worse . Silent Assassin is all around a much better game than either of the others . Blood Money is an absolute joke . It 's hyped up graphics and visual flare trying to make up for shortcomings galore . Yet another problem that I have with many other recent games .
 I just bought this joystick . After configuring it on Win XP SP2 . It recognized the device , was easily calibrated , and easily allocated onto BF2 . When the game-play started my trigger did n't work . After restarting in another server , my trigger worked , but then my yaw -LRB- joystick twist -RRB- and all the secondary thumb buttons as well as the 8 way hat did not respond . I still have no idea as to what might be causing the conflict.On a second note , I bought this joystick as an upgrade to my logiteck attack 3 . Mostly because I wanted a joystick that I can twist for in-flight yaw motion . The first thing I noticed was that the stick is like a broom stick . Unlike logitech 's pistol grip design , Saiteck make it difficult to use the thumb input buttons . It 's difficult for me to expain it without you having tactile experience with both sticks , but I 'm planning on going back to Logitech .
 I bought the 290 Pro about 1-1/2 months ago . Already , the hat switch and the z-axis quit working . I 've completely re-installed everything and nothing . I 've contacted Saitek `` support '' and nothing . They say that they do n't have problems with their hardware ... just the installation . All I know is I should not have bought this.Good Luck .
 i installed the two XP driver options from the website , as well as the software from the website , and this thing is useless . windows recognizes the stick , but the special software does n't . it keeps saying `` plug in the controller now . '' i need programability.i also tried it on a separate system running XP home , to no avail . unbelievably sucky , considering it says `` designed for Windows XP `` i finally got `` ST290Pro_beta . zip '' drivers and software to work . waaaay too much work . here 's crossing my fingers that the stick works!otherwise i 'll get my $ 8 back .
 I bought this product in 2009 in the hopes of getting a nice joystick that is portable . Is is not that nice , and is somewhat portable . First off , there are much , much better joysticks for the price I originally bought this for.Pros : + ... it 's portable ? + it 's usb ? -LRB- barely a pro , and only because it does n't use gameport , which is antique and no longer supported by Microsoft -RRB- + Rubber feet -LRB- though I 'd expect any good joystick , and is pushing it for pros -RRB- Cons : + too few buttons , which are cheap + digital throttle is finicky , you can only press near the inside of the buttons otherwise it wo n't register a button press + looks cheap + sits too high off of the ground + can fall over if you push it too far + missing a degree of freedom , ca n't pivot/turn from side-to-side like my old sidewinderIt 's too useless , I 'd need to use a keyboard in conjunction , and even then it 's still missing a degree of freedom , the pivoting , which I use for rolling maneuvers . I 'm on the hunt now for a new joystick , and wish I never bought this thing ; go figure they 're no longer selling it new . Lucky you . -LRB- And unlucky me if I try to sell it on here ;P -RRB-
 I was looking for a simple joystick to use with my WWII fighter pilot game and decided to purchase the Saitek ST90 . The joystick arrived with no software whatsoever . I was n't too put off because I knew I could probably download the necessary drivers from the Saitek Web site . The problem came when I ran the driver installer . When it was nearly finished it asked me to plug in the controller , even though the controller was plugged in . Unplugging and replugging in the controller did n't help . The `` profiler '' software installed , but only the profile editor would work , not the Profiler itself.None of this would have mattered if it would have simply allowed me to play the game I bought it for . But after hours of configuring , uninstalling , reinstalling and general troubleshooting the best I could do was get the controller to pitch and dive . Left and right movements were non-existent . Not much help in a fighter plane.The Saitek user forums did n't offer any help , and my email to Saitek tech support went unanswered.Thinking it may have been an issue with my laptops Vista software I tried to install it on my desktop running XP Pro with the same dismal results.Not only could I NOT recommend this joystick , I 'm wondering how a company that sells something of this poor quality can still stay in business !
 I 've had this stick for maybe four years now . It can only work for the simplest games . For the few bucks not bad . If you want to do flight sims or the type of complicated games like WWiiOnline . . do n't use this stick . I clamp my down to the table so it has some support . Otherwise you get a sore hand from having to hold it down.Not a well designed stick . Spend a few more bucks on something in the $ 40-50 range . You 'd end up paying more if you get this one .
 This game has serious potentional , but it crashes too much . I have the latest video card and no other game I have ever played before has this many problems . It has outstanding graphics , but even on minimal settings , it still crashes before a battle or during one . I would be careful before buying this one . Find someone who owns one first and try it on your computer and see if it works first . I am both a simutaltion and strategic game fan , this one has them both , but I am putting this one on the self until the designers update it and make a few patches . So buyers beware . see if you can rent or borrow first .
 The Russians invented the superbly reliable AK-47 , now if they could only do the same with software . This game is very promising even though the graphics leave something to be desired . It is alot of fun though when it does n't crash every 10 minutes . The strategic lvl is a little tedious but still fun . The tactical lvl is very cool using and controlling ships . Allies expansion will make this even more fun since you will be able to control the big guns on ships , and have location based damage . I will be getting it and seeing if it is anymore stable . Also , I have passed along some patch ideas to Buka so I will update this when I hear back .
 The PC game `` Pacific Storm '' jumped out at me because I 'm fascinated by the Pacific Theater of World War 2 . It claims to be a grand strategic simulation of that theater , complete with the ability to manage the logistics and tactics of the war . A strategy Sim game that explored that realm of the war seemed to be a wonderful find , and so I bought this game.Unfortunately , I barely was able to play it.I installed this game without a hitch , and then installed the latest patches . Upon running it , I went into the display setting to set it up for my particular monitor set up -LRB- 1680x1020 -RRB- . Upon applying the settings , the game crashed . Not only did it crash , but it took my whole system with it , rebooting the computer entirely . I have n't had that happen to me in years , so I thought it a fluke and tried it again . The same thing happened.I was eventually able to get the game to run , partially by dialing down the display settings and running it at a lower resolution . Even with that done , the game still crashed to the desktop while playing it.I have a computer more than capable of running this game , and I just recently updated my display driver with the most recent version . I do not believe this issue is one with my computer . As an avid gamer , I 've played hundreds of games over the years and none of them have displayed close to this level of erratic behavior . Given that I 'm not the only one who has suffered from these issues , it is clear to me that the problem is with the game and its lack of bug testing before being shipped out to the consumer.It 's a real shame too , because from what little I played , this game has real promise . There 's astounding depth there , and it 's clear a lot of research went into developing it and creating the grand scenario it fits within . Clearly there were historians and naval experts involved in building this . If only there had been more playtesters and troubleshooters too.After a ridiculous number of crashes , I gave up on it . I play games to have fun and relax , not to tear hair out over crashes . I do hope that the developer keeps working on fixing the issues , because I still would like to play it when it 's gotten clear of its instability.As a result , I have to give it very low marks.For the record , I have : Processor
 This game crashes to much to be of fun . I hope the developers issue a fix soon .
 I 've had this game for a year now and never been able to play it to the end . The Game will crash . I 've played it on a number of computers now and it just does n't work on any computer . So unless you are a programmer with nothing better to do , save your money and get something else . Every patch seems just to make things worse and you have to fix the patch . This makes me very leary of Pacific Storm Allies .
 PACIFIC STORM is a great idea . A RTS game combined with an arcade-like battle sequence , along the same lines as the TOTAL WAR titles . However , unless you have a relatively new system with lots of graphics power and memory , it 's going to crash a lot . And sometimes the battles are n't very realistic -LRB- I once fought four aircraft carriers , none of which had any aircraft on them -RRB- . I think follow on efforts by this company are going to be great , but I would stay clear of this one . It 's often fun when it works , but it does n't work that often .
 lets look at the track record all the way up to patch 1.6 . one patch made all the guns shoot backwards . Now if you update to version 1.6 all of your text turns to german . There is a work around fix for this but it 's just another sign of really poor quality control to actually release patches like this to the public . after all of these patches the game still crashes usually when leaving a battle and going back to strategic.the biggest problem is there are no other games out like this to play right now . if there was then this game would be in the recycle bin . I do play this game though and get some enjoyment out of it -LRB- between crashes -RRB- .
 Yeh , this really shows how careful you need to be in purchasing PC games these days in 2008 . I decided be buy this game at a very low price , because it had great reviews and I had just recently played AVP 2 , which was also a few years old , but the AVP 2 demo was fantastic and the scarriest PC game I ever played -LRB- in the demo you can play as the marine only -RRB- . No , the graphics are very bad really , and the marine really has like no chance at all to survive . The game should be playable . One gets spoiled these days with the new stuff out , and lets hope it stays that way.Final Comment
 This game will not work even though it was compatible with my operating system.None of the suggestions from the website help .
 Had hoped for something that would truly offer random computing but it was obvious fairly quickly that most of the effort was put in to the graphics and not the numbers . Since there are numerous free online poker sites where you can play against real people I doubt anyone is ever going to put in the effort to create a really good hold-em game that takes advantage of modern computing power , this may be as good as it gets.The game is predictable and will teach you bad habits if you are not a beginner . For the beginners this will give you the basic experience you need for a smooth transition to playing against other people but I would not stick with this game for to long . When you start to recognize patterns and regularly beat the computer then it is time to move on . Recommended for beginners only , then give it to another beginner when you feel confident you understand the basics .
 I really put a lot of faith into the reviews I read about this game before purchasing it . Unfortunately , that was a mistake . The AI is absolutely horrible . I set the options to show the hands the players were playing with at the end and was amazed at what the computer would call a big raise with . Likewise , I was also amazed at what the computer would fold when facing a medium size bet - top pair?I set the difficulty at it 's highest level and the computer played worse than the newbies at my weekly game . Obvoiusly the people who wrote such rave reviews are not students of the game with an understanding of the fundamentals.With that said , this is probably a great game for kids or people who just want to get some experience before playing for the first time . However , it is not recommended for anyone at an intermediate skill level or better .
 This will not finish installing on my Vista . Wont let you cancell , locks up , must restart to get out of the install . this is a 2004 disc . Went to website for help . No support for older versions now , they offer a free online version download , but you have to be online to play . Defeats my wanting to play off line . No way to directly contact , or e-mail website to ask questions for help on older versions like this . Seller says for windows vista , but I think it only works on 98 up to XP , not vista
 I bought this and played in several of the 40-player tournaments , winning one of them and finishing second in another . The program does a good job of making the experience fun and easy , and there are some nice features that you can turn on or off as you see fit , including what they call the `` cheat mode , '' which lets you look at the cards of uncalled hands and see community cards not dealt when nobody calls . When there is a showdown after somebody has gone all-in the probability of winning the pot for each hand is given as it is on TV . You can speed up play or slow it down , and you have the option of jumping to the end of the hand after you fold -- an option that one soon chooses and stays with!There are three levels of difficulty , although I did n't play long enough to get a real feel for the differences . I did notice a rather annoying and ultimately totally off-putting bug -LRB- or perhaps , in the spirit of some programming traditions , maybe this is a `` feature '' that helps the neophyte player win -RRB- . Quite simply some of the computer players called with hands that could not beat the board!Now it is true that there are times when it is correct to call with a hand that can not beat the board . These are very rare however and typically occur when there is a straight on board . Everybody has that straight -LRB- at least -RRB- , and if it is the best hand , the players left at the showdown split the pot . Clearly if the board is AKQJT , with no more than two cards of any suit , it is the nut hand and no matter what the bet is you have to call and split the pot . However , in this program some computer players were calling with hands that made no pairs , no flushes , no straights and were undercards to the board . For example , one board was something like A89TQ of three different suits . One of the computer players called with something like 64 . As any hold 'em player knows that call makes no sense . It is just throwing money away.This discovery really turned me off the program because even at the most elementary level of play , real players do not make such suicidal calls.The package also claims that `` Computer opponents learn and adapt to your style of play . '' What this statement should mean is that the program does things like fold a lot when it notices that you do n't bluff much or call a lot or raise if it records a lot of bluffs from you . This `` learn mode '' is what makes poker-playing ` bots very difficult to beat , and would be an essential part of any program that presumed to be able to beat sophisticated human players . My problem with their learn mode is that I did n't see any evidence of it!I would like to note in passing that some years ago Mike Caro , the self-styled `` Mad Genius of Poker , '' developed a poker engine that was able to beat some very good human players . However , I am not aware of a program that can play at the highest levels of the game , a program that could beat a table of world champions , for example , a program comparable to chess-playing programs that can beat grand masters . Maybe such a program exists and I am not aware of it . My guess is that such a program is possible , but very difficult to write.Anyway , I would not recommend this program and I am sorry that I bought it .
 This came of no-limit Texas hold-em poker sucks big time . First some positive things about it : It can be fun for awhile . It has lots of options . 2003 and 2004 World series tournaments are here -LRB- pitting you against 800 + and 2500 + opponets respectively -RRB- . It installs easily.Now the bad things : Gameplay sucks . The only way to really improve your play is to play for REAL , for REAL MONEY . Playing other fools online in virtual rooms with `` play money '' is a joke , because no one using his/her own cash , with the chance of losing it , would , say , re-raise all in with 9/3 off-suit hole cards . Might as well go home now . but in these no real cash games , people do it all the time . Oh , I busted out ? OK , just re-enter another table and keep playing.Now , why does the gameplay suck ? Because the program cheats . Ever watch Hold-em tournies on tv?How often do players hit the `` miracle card on 4th street or the river '' and pull out the win ? Not often , say about 20 % . In this game , you hit the miracle about 15 % ; computer opponets hit it about 75 % . Also , you tend to lose to opponets with the same primary , but a kicker usually 1 card higher - your hand is J/Q , you lose to a J/K . also , have AA starting hands ? You 'll lose to a flush/straight/3 of a kind about 95 % of the time . What 's the worst starting hand in Texas hold-em - it 's 7/2 off-suit ; you get this , you toss it . I have then seen the flop come either 77x ,22 x ,72 x , or 722 or 772 , which , if I stayed in , would have won me the hand . It rewards you for playing laughingstock hands . NONSENSE ! Play like that in a real money tournament , you 'll bust out before you 've even gotten to warm up your seat.My advice , avoid this like the plague . do n't get fooled by its cheap price tag . Here , you buy cheap , you DO get cheap .
 I was so excited when I bought this and so totally disappointed !!! There are many on-line sites where you can practice playing poker for free against real people . Anyone of them is more entertaining and a better learning experience than wasting time with this . The graphics are on a par with playing `` pong '' on your TV in the seventies .
 This game is marginally better than that Hoyle Casino joke , but it has no resemblance to a real game . The AI is OK , but there are WAY too many great hands , that seem to ALWAYS beat you on the river card . I 've played hundreds of hands , and when I cheat to see what all the community cards are I end up missing my straight , only if I fold first . I NEVER hit it when I 'm digging for it !!! EVER !!! Ca n't tell you how many times I 've been sunk by a boat when I do hit my flush . Hole cards are awful for my hand , but every one around me is getting AA , KK , OO , JJ , AK . I think this game is poor , and only gave it 2 stars because Hoyle 's was my only comparison , and it 's palin awful !
 The chainsaw itself looks beautiful . To see a replica of an instrument of destruction , covered in murderous streaks of crimson gore , in a well designed display case , is admirable and humorous.The chainsaw blade shines with its mirror-like finish , beneath the streaks of blood splattered about it . The body of the chainsaw again has droplets of blood EVERYWHERE on it -LRB- great attention to detail -RRB- , which also make each unit unique in its splatter design . I was especially impressed with the bloody fingerprints on both handles of the chainsaw , and on the underside where you will place your fingers . The blood only felt a little sticky on the tops of the analog sticks.There is a ripcord on the top of the chainsaw , which also functions as the Start button -LRB- quite novel ! -RRB- , that starts a short chainsaw sounding roar and rumble feature within the unit . Very excellent collector 's item , the unit looks great , and the display case only adds to it . Where else do you see a blood-dripping chainsaw blade emerge from the side of a display case?However , once I fired this puppy up , I understood why such attention was given to the appearance and collectibility side of the unit . The chainsaw is incredibly uncomfortable to use as a controller for RE4 . The N-Motion feature excited me most . I mistakenly imaged this feature would allow you to move Leon 's laser targeting on-screen as you moved the chainsaw around in your hands . It does n't . Instead , by holding the chainsaw blade straight forward to approximately 45 degrees downward , a mechanism in the unit will activate the R1 button for you , which puts Leon into targeting mode , and you then aim with the analog stick , as normal . To have him release the targeting , and return to normal walking mode , you must position the chainsaw blade straight down -LRB- or less then 45 degrees upwards -RRB- . This makes the unit uncomfortable for several reasons . First , you ca n't play this sitting on the floor or in a recliner . You need to hold this against your belly with your legs open to allow you to lower the chainsaw blade . Second , trying to reach the XOTS buttons and left analog stick while pointing the unit straight down is both hard and painful . You spend the majority of the game running , yet ca n't reach these buttons comfortably now . The first batch of villagers I encountered while using this controller quickly tore me apart -LRB- and I have played through the game numerous times -RRB- . The controller would be a bigger nightmare for any other games with its awkward button fingering -LRB- L2 and R2 are used by pushing on the unit with the BACKS of your middle fingers -RRB- , and Select and Start being so far away from the main buttons . And the N-Motion feature -LRB- remember , all it does is activate R1 -RRB- , needs to be switched off to use the controller otherwise.Overall it 's a beautiful unit and collector 's piece , but incredibly poor as a functional game controller . It did not make me want to play my RE4 game , it made me want to turn it off completely .
 I am a big fan of massively multiplayer online games and PLAYNC should be more than happy to have customers like me . City of Heroes City of Villains Guild Wars Lineage II are some of my favorite games and I did review some of them with 4 and 5 stars . I can understand as an old and experienced gamer that the more complicated are the games the more bugs you are going to deal with . What I ca n't understand is how a game with 5 years of development can have so many bugs and specially when hundreds of gamers like me we supported the development of the game not only dedicating our time but PAYING for the pre-order version . There are no excuses for treating the advanced gamers which is your target group like this.On the top of all PLAYNC has created a very nice online adventure game called `` support '' . Each time I used it in the past I was forwarded from one server to another -LRB- From U.S. support to the European support e.t.c. then I was getting a ticket number I was logging in my support site and then I was checking for my answer . Nice easy and requires no time at all.Ah ! I forgot to tell you about the game . The concept is really good you choose a hero and a customized vehicle with high-tech , futuristic weaponry in order to fight the mutated creatures and bandits . You will be able to participate in epic battles and wars over the control of the regions . You can develop advanced crafting skill you will able to fully customize your vehicle and you are going to develop your abilities.The environment is a devastated Earth where you can blow up buildings , trees , and other structures and fortunately you never run out of ammoThe game includes PvP -LRB- Player vs. Player -RRB- interaction clan/solo Arena dueling for fame and fortune.Now please do not get me wrong the game is very good the only problem is that it is UNFINISHED . I would recommend waiting UNTIL THEY FINISH IT FIRST and then YOU WILL BUY THE FULL VERSION . Trust me when they will finish it I promise I will change my review but until then try it only if you do n't mind to crash your system every time you play .
 I 've been playing AA since beta and I 've seen it grow in unique ways but unfortunately , the game is still plagued by numerous bugs and requires some serious tinkering . In the one day since the game went live , I re-recorded over 80 issues that any player will encounter in the game . This issues plus hundreds more have been given to the dev team many times but they are have n't given us the slightest sign that they are aware of the issues or are going to address them.Like other players that I 've talked to , they are also disappointed with the performance of the game and the frequent lag that you 'll experience while driving and especially in any town . I will continue to play the game for the first month as it 's free but after that , if there 's no improvement then my friends and I are leaving .
 The object is to select a scenario and complete the project within budget and time frame allocated . However , as simple as that sounds , the game appears to make game playing as difficult as possible to learn .1 . You must bulldoze land before you can grade it . You must grade it before you can build . However , if you go to place the icon for the building over the graded land , it will either be green or red . If red , you have not properly prepared the land for building . Nowhere in the documentation does the game state what EXACTLY must be done in order to successfully allow placement of a building to build.In fact the document -LRB- electronic -RRB- states : `` Structures can only be built upon ground that has been dozed with the 350D Articulated Dump Truck and graded using the 872D Motor Grader . It does not say how to do this . Do you dump dirt ON the graded area , or dump dirt than grade it?There are issues such as this throughout . Documentation could have been more detailed . If you want the land bulldozed , graded , then dirt dumped , it should state that.Instead frustrated game players get tired of trying to learn what should be basic rules and give up on the game.In addition , the documentation seems to be mixed with American Farmer . In American Builder Help Documentation it also states
 Save yourself the money and buy something else . This game is total junk ! The developers ought to be embarrassed for even making this thing . This game was made in like 2006 , I would have expected something much better . The user interface is horrible , for example , in almost ever single RTS style game I 've played since the 90 's every one of them allowed you to click on multiple units by opening up a box by dragging your mouse over them . Not so with this game . Your workers are as tiny as ants and to get them to do anything you have to click on each one individually and then assign them their jobs.Furthermore , there is no in game help , nothing to tell you how to play the game , or even what the objectives are . The main attraction of the game is to be a big time builder using real John Deere construction equipment . That 's a great idea , but unfortunately the equipment is so badly rendored and so tiny that you really ca n't even tell it 's a John Deere piece of machinery . Heck it could be Kubota for all I know!To the reader
 I bought this thinking my five year old grandson would enjoy it.Nix that . It 's supposed to be an `` arcade '' style game which to me implies hopping on your bulldozer or other big tool and playing away.Wrong . This is a game with rules , rules that are not easily apparent . It also has some kind of storyline that is definitely not going to appeal to the short attention span of a very young kid.The graphics are dated and bottom-shelf in any event . No tool tips , so you do n't even know what a button is supposed to do without looking at the documentation which , as you might expect , is electronic . How much would it cost to print a quick start sheet or provide a Flash tutorial?My overall impression is that this game is designed to part suckers from their money . It sure feels that way to me . Maybe there is an age group that this would appeal to me , but it 's not me -LRB- old -RRB- and not my grandson -LRB- very young -RRB- . Jerry
 When i ordered this game , is was really happy to get it because it had the D-Day mission . When I ordered , I chose standard shipping 3-5 days . Guess what . I recieve my game 11/2 week later . The game came LATE ! Still the game was fun but dissipointed on shipping
 I would have to say that Privateer is one of my all-time favorite games . Like Deus Ex , System Shock 2 , Planescape
 I got this for $ 5 brand new . It is not good . The controls are not intuitive at all . Setup is odd . The graphics are fantastic . I read good reviews of this and boy , what a letdown .
 First I 'd like to point one thing out
 Scrapland is a really bad game . I just ca n't find any reason to keep it , not even as a frisby . I wan na go on record as saying that after buying this game , I will never buy another xbox game that gets released under $ 40 . I 'm really excited for splinter cell chaos theory and reserved my copy . To pass the time I figured I 'd buy something to hold me over . I saw scrapland and the cover art looked pretty interesting.The graphics look fine when you 're playing and the sound is cool but the lines are just stupid and make you feel like a little kid playing a children 's game . I consider myself a hardcore gamer-Scrapland is just not a gamer 's game . It 's something for the kids . childlike characters , and just really pointless . I ca n't believe every website keeps saying this is like grand theft auto.Turning into different characters gets old after five minutes and the missions are really pointless . Its like they did n't even try when they were designing this . And ok , you can get ships and customize them but they either suck really bad or they overkill evrything you come across . Every aspect of this friendly game seems like its designed for kids . But the weird thign is that its got mature themes like watching some organic creature beat some robot to death and break its neck or when they turn this one robot into a sex icon.Scrapland just is n't any fun for real gamers , its a good choice for kids or people who get offended by violence and language . Looking back at this purchase , I remember the cashier at the store giving me this weird look when I said I 'd take a copy , now I know why . Plus , when I went to return it for store credit on a real game
 I rented this game cause all the online game sites describe it as `` GTA with robots `` It 's more like GTA for little kids . The graphics were ok for like three minutes and then its not impressive anymore . The voice overs were rediculous , I mean its like watching some futuristic sesame street . The gameplay was just pointless . They tried being really imaginative but its just stupid in the end and has no redeeming value . `` Take one of my CRRRrrazy bets !! I 'm the CRRRrrraZZZY gambler ! `` Give me a break .
 Xtreme Sports is no good . I bought it and returned it 3 days later . Xtreme Sports is good for 5 min . of play . The snowboarding is awsome !!!!!!! ATV is cool !!! The Rest -LRB- boo !! boo !! boo !! -RRB- . The game is setup like this
 If you buy this you can expect hours of pure frustration . Just when you get into this game along comes Nemesis and kills you ! My favorite of the series is RE2 . Yes you have to fight a Nemesis-like guy , but only about 4 times . This guy will come at you every 2 seconds and ruin any type of fun you may have thought you could have .
 I never received the product I ordered , so I can not give a particularly detailed review . However , I can in good faith say that BlueProton 's customer service is n't simply terrible , it is non-existant . I implore anyone about to make a purchase through BlueProton to reconsider . Explore other vendors . Try to make the product yourself . Seriously . I could assemble a Nintendo Wii out of old toaster parts by the time it will take BlueProton to even reply to my e-mail inquiring where my order is . Buyer beware .
 I bought this item to give to my son on Christmas . When I received this item it was not in any sort of packaging , which makes me wonder if I received a use card when in fact I purchased a NEW card !?!?!? I cant believe that !
 SD memory cards are an optional purchase of limited usefulness for your Nintendo Wii . Use a SD memory card to store photographs and music for the Wii 's Photo Channel ; and to back-up saved games , downloaded Wii Virtual Console titles , and Wii software -LRB- such as the Wii Internet browser -RRB- . Downloaded virtual console titles and software ca n't be run directly from an SD card but only from the Wii 's console memory . Nintendo 's thought here is that if you do n't have any free space in your Wii 's console memory for new software or a saved game , offload something onto a SD card . However , one may also delete purchased virtual console titles and software , because these may be re-downloaded free of charge from the Wii Shopping Channel.Offloaded virtual console titles and Wii software on an SD card may not be used on another Wii console , as they are locked specifically to your Wii Shopping Channel account . SD cards will not store Nintendo GameCube saved games -- you will need to purchase a GameCube memory card for that . Your Mii avatars may not be backed up onto a SD card . Use a Wii Remote Controller to store up to ten Mii characters per controller.Of note , generic high-speed SD memory cards perform just as well -LRB- for example , PQI , Ridata , or Sandisk -RRB- , and often cost one-third less than a Sandisk/Nintendo branded SD memory card . Given the Nintendo Wii 's limited utilization of SD memory cards , generic SD cards are a smarter buy .
 Surprise ... . it 's a normal SD card , but white.Regular SD cards will work just as well , like this one : SanDisk 2 GB Class 2 SD Flash Memory Card SDSDB-2048-A11To all you mommies and daddies who want to buy all the Wii accessories your kids are screaming for , IT 'S EVEN THE SAME BRAND . Buy the cheaper one and let me know if you can tell the difference in terms of performance . Go ahead . Try it .
 I bought this thinking `` why not ? '' I 'm a lazy person and could be in a little better shape . Unfortunately I 'm not sure if its just the new Bundle or if I just drew the short straw and got the one bad one but mine was lacking the wide angle lens . Did n't drop it , Got it new and In plastic , Searched where I opened it thinking maybe It slipped out . No , just is n't there . Of course it does n't help that you CAN NOT buy the attachment alone . I suppose they did n't take in to account situations like this or if it breaks or anything one would assume they should . And now I sit here , not playing because I can put the Camera on the wall and stand against the opposite wall and still not fit my body in the cameras view . I 'm 6 ' exactly . I 'm not short but I 'm no giant , and unless I 'm willing to buy a new home with bigger rooms then It looks like I do n't get to use what would be a very enjoyable game/work out .
 Looney Tunes Space Race had real potential and after reading many reviews from different sites I bought it . To my suprise I found it to be unforgiving and dull . The tracks need some more variety , the characterss are small in number and there are too many items to use at any point in time . This may not be a bad thing but the items are reharshed and dull . How many things can you drop on someone?The graphics is the games only high point ! The tracks have no barriers so you can FALL OFF ALMOST EVERY ONE . This makes for a steep learning curve and may be a turn-off for some . Back to the items , because there are so many to be used by you and the computer you never really enjoy the racing element . If you win a race its because of pure luck -LRB- i.e getting a useful item at the right time -RRB- and not due to skill ... BIG turn off.With unforgiving AI opponents , lame items , gameplay based on luck and uninspired tracks you could make this a rental or a borrow from a friend ... just do n't but !! Mario Kart annyone ?
 I suppose it sounds nice , your a cartoon driving a space pod using gags to disturb the other racers . Well it really is n't . You may get to use a gag here and there but it seems you 'll be the recipient of over 10 a race . You may be gaged once , then immediately have it happen again and then again and the whole time you wo n't move . The game play is very slow , meaning that you do n't move very fast at all . You have an extreme disadvantage the whole game when you only receive the same gag over and over and the computer receives the gags that actually are fun to use . So do yourselves all a huge favor and keep your -LSB- money -RSB- ... . You wo n't be disappointed if you do not buy this game .
 Really , it 's sad that for how long the DS has been out , not even a Pokemon game can be good . I 'm not a huge Pokemon fan , but I still enjoy the games a lot . This is n't much of a Pokemon game at all . It has `` Pokemon '' in the title , but this is just a poor excuse for a racing game . It 's repetative , slow , and does n't show us what the DS can do.The gameplay is already the first strike against the game . You control Pikachu through all the races , and the only aspect of the gameplay is ... well ... moving the stylus left and right to direct Pikachu where to go . That 's it!There are challenges , and there is a map . The entire goal is to pass through all the various checkpoints and win the race . Along the way there 's water , lava , chasms and other things that get in your way . Sometimes , you may need a balloon to help you over some of the obstacles.But the problem with the game right off the bat is simple . The races , short as they may be , are annoying . Especially when you get in a balloon . The map is nice , but you have to rely on arrows as you race to point you in the direction to the next checkpoint . It 's nice to be able to take the balloons , but the arrows do n't point you in any direction once you get a balloon . You could possibly end up floating in the wrong direction because the map is so large you do n't know where to go!The extras are even more underlying . By loading in one of the GBA pokemon games , you can create tracks shaped like the Pokemon themselves . This has little innovation actually , and the regular tracks are already boring enough.The graphics are n't up to par with DS standards either . Vibrant and colorful , but at the same time fuzzy and lacking detail . The audio is no different . I 'm tired of hearing Pikachu 's cute little squeals and whatnot . His voice got annoying -LRB- as if Pokemon Yellow was n't bad enough with his voice ! -RRB- , and the rest of the audio was n't great either . I turned the volume down in the end.Really now , Pokemon games on the handheld systems usually are n't bad . Pokemon Red and Blue was incredible , Gold and Silver was even better . Pokemon Puzzle League Challenge was n't such a bad game either . But this ? This is obviously something rushed out so that the DS would have a Pokemon title out within its first couple of months.Skip this game . Unless you 're one hell of a die-hard Pokemon fan , you wo n't find enjoyment in this one .
 I 'm not rating this low because it 's Pokemon . . I enjoy pokemon game even though I am 14 . This game is pretty bad just because of the fact its so unbelievably repetative . It can get boring while you are just in for first race . . Now i 'm not going to be like the other reviewers and buy a PSP and save money , ebcause realistically , you would n't be saving you 're money buying a PSP . they are 250 bucks . I would simply reccomend you waiting for the DS to come out with better games . I know nintendo can do better , and I hope they will . . i spent 200 birthday bucks on you . . You will be better off waiting though for some new DS games than rushing out for a PSP , because they have no really good games at all on the line . Saps are just buying that thing because of the graphics . . dont be fooled . . nintendo has some tricks up their sleevesits just that this game was n't one of them . . hopefully . .
 This game is a waste of money ! You can only be Pikachu for everything , even in multiplayer ! Theres a lot of different computer characters like charmander and meowth , but you can only be Pikachu ! The levels you can make from pokemon from other pokemon games are boring . Theres only two checkpoints altogether ! You cant attack other players with special moves , not even punching or kicking ! You can only race from checkpoint to checkpoint ! Plus , the computer characters know what items to get before a checkpoint and they know exactly where the checkpoints are ! I read a review about this game before . The person said it was a bad game , but I bought it anyway . Now I know that I should n't of bought it . If you buy this game , that 's $ 30 down the drain . Rent this game instead ! Trust me !
 ok i admit the game is fun , but why could n't they make it for GAMEBOY ADVANCE 's !?!?! i mean , the games for nintendo ds are about $ 30 freakin bucks !!!! i hate the nintendo ds ! but the game is fun ...
 i have n't played a lot of pokemon games , but out of the ones i have , this is probably the worst . first of all , the fact that you can only play as pikachu gets a little old . most racing games have an abundance of characters to choose from . mix it up a little . second , making pikachu run is not fun at all . instead of using the d-pad , you 're forced to use the stylus . and that 's fine , aside from the fact that you 're literally scraping the stylus over and over and over across the screen and you have to keep doing it till the race is over -LRB- or you 're in the hot air balloon ... which i still do n't understand -RRB- . i bought this used at gamestop and had to return it . if you like pokemon games , skip this one .
 This game is really stuiped ! All you do the whole time is swip the screen over and over and over agian thats all you do . Then you can only be one pokemon and thats pickacho ! Sure there is muplplayer but thats also boring . The grafics are bad to . This game semmed like it was rushed ! Do not buy this all you do is swip the touch screen and look at pickacho run . Do not buy . Buy supermario 64 ds or yoshi touch and go . POkemon dash is not worth the money !
 This game actually gets a 2.5 rating but it dos n't show . I will try to make this review reasonble . -LRB- Sorry for the spelling mistake if it is a mistake . And please forget me for any spelling mistakes that pop up . -RRB- I have previouly done kirby reviews but they were very basic and not very helpful , so I 'm trying my best now . The review begins here now.The story is ... there is no story . You 're just racing against other pokemon to be the 1st place champion and that 's just it . And having a small to no story is not always bad ... it 's just that this game needs a story that 's a little stronger like the old red and blue pokemon games . The introduction screen is not much but has the best garafics you will see in the game . The in game races have playstation 1 garafics and some of the things in the game look choppy . Nintendo could of put a little more effort in the garafics like in metroid prime hunters or final fantasy 3 DS . The game has three dificulty levels , five cups , and five courses in each cup . In novince mode , the opponet pokemon are very slow so you can easly beat them . In hard mode , It 's just hard . And in expert mode , you have diffrent rules and the diffuculty is a nightmare . Like the title says you can only play as pikachu and only as it . Some of you who might be getting this game might think that I just making this up and/or have n't played the game , but I 'm not making these things and I 've finished the game . You ca n't play as other pokemon at all . The other stuff you can do is pretty useless . In this game you use the stylus to move pikachu forward to the next check point and the way you move you 're pokemon can seriouly damage the touch screen . Yes , you have to get to all check points before the others do in order to win . The races are on foot and there are diffrent types of terain such as stone , sand , and grass.There are items that allow you to move across a cretain terain faster and sometimes nulifies a certain effect . And the amunt of ballons you pop will depand what kind of terain you 're landing on . If you fall into a pit , touch the lava twice , Drown in deep water , or fall in trees you will lose time and be throwen back in the air or back on the closest land . The AI can be cheep like the ones in mario kart super cuircit . In expert mode , you have to come up with you 're own effective routes to win the races . The music is pretty average or decent though I love red cup and ending credits music . When you finish the game , there 's not much to do left and replay vaule is very low . I believe the impact this game made on the DS is little to none . This game may be eventually forgotten . If you want a racing game , buy mario kart DS instead . If you want to try this game , then I suggest renting it first .
 this is a very bad game . i bought it and got bored within a half hour.i traded it in the next day . the controls are very annoying and frustrating.i wouldnt reccommend this game to any one . a new ds game that i would reccommend s yoshi touch and go
 Okay , I am a huge pokemon fan , but this is NOT a good game to get . For one thing , it scratches up your DS touch screen VERY badly to play it , because you have to move the stylus in a repetitive back-and-forth way ... And those of you who wanted a cute little game similar to the other pokemon games ? It 's just a racing game . Go for Mario Kart DS , not this ...
 I love pokemon red blue fire and leaf . Good rpgs there . But this ! oh this is sad . I am going to give this to you straight forwards
 i dont have DC but i play it at my friends house.he has pokemom dash . im not abig pokemon fan but this game sucks . u should save your money and buy a psp instead
 I really need to warn Amazon buyers about this product , because I ordered it twice and the wrong game showed up . I recieved the first of the series CSI one . The PC game series is one of the best of detective-TV style type game . A lot of fun . There is a all in one package if anyone is interested .
 ca n't give a good review , did n't get it ! After giving the address twice for delivery .
 I received this item and it 's just 1 Tone , forget about 2 Tone as it is shown on the image . Additionally I do n't like the smell of this stuff , it has a very characteristic odor . I know this is cheap -LRB- well shipping is not -RRB- , but believe me , it looks cheaper than his cost , do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought three of these silicone skins , black , blue and pink for the wii remotes . The blue and pink both ripped at the bottom when putting them on . Very disappointed . Not as sturdy as the ones that come with the wii . Wanted different colors for the kids .
 I ordered a blue Silicone Skin Case for the Wii remote and nunchuck but recieved a black one . Needless to say my daughter was disappointed because she wanted the blue one . After 4 emails with no help or resolution to the issue I gave up and kept the black covers . This seller has very poor customer service skills , and they misrepresented their product . I would have been satisfied with some type of response !!!! Buyer Beware !!!!
 I bought this product for 1 cent , but with $ 3 shipping . The nunchuck cover slipped into place easily . That was the only good thing about this product.However , it took me a lot of time to fit the remote cover . I knew I was going to have a hard time changing the batteries , when they die . And it was indeed a nightmare ! After I replaced the batteries and somehow put the cover back , it had already torn at the junction of the light and dark colored blue skin ! Honestly , I do not know why I paid $ 3 for this junk . It gives no protection to the Wii remote at all , but just makes your experience more frustrating .
 I was all excited when I found this program but failed to read the system requirements . All I knew was that it was for a Mac . I was very disappointed to find out that I needed a Palm also . Do n't you have any programs that I can just load in my computer and play ? I would be thrilled !
 The game is fun . My stepfather spends hours playing both golf and bowling every sunday for the last couple of months . He never tires of it . It 's almost as if he 's autistic or something ... maybe he 's never played a ` video game ' before . Fast forward to years from now . . oh look ! he 's still playing polar golf . Thus , it 's safe to say it 's worth your money . Especially since they added to the value with some extras that you wo n't even know are there until ... blammo , pop ups on . . firefox ?? I thought i disabled those ! OOoooh . I get it . The publisher included some spyware that installed with polar bowler and golf . Now i get coupons popping up that ca n't be closed . We 'll just get rid of those with spybot . But wait
 I ca n't get it to work yet on my computer !!! It 's a black box that appears in the center of my screen !!! : - -LRB-
 Bought this game new , but it will not work on Windows 7 . Wild Tangent has no intention of providing a driver to make it work either .
 Couldnt get it to work either ! Lost papers to return . So cant really say . Wont buy any more like these !!!
 This game works great on a computer running XP but even if I try the backward compatibility mode , I could not get it to work on my computer running system 7 . It is really fun and it will challenge you before giving you access to different characters and different lanes . I do n't remember the description saying it would not work on a system 7 computer . Bummer . Otherwise , I would rate this game much higher .
 I will never order software through the internet again.The game I ordered will not work on my new computer . It is an old game , and will not work on Windows 7 Home Premium .
 I had the same experience as the previous reviewer . The game only works for handheld devices , a fact which is not stated in the Amazon listing . Buyer beware !
 I bought this to play SPADES and HEARTS on my Mac ... but it seems to be made to only work with Handheld devices ... : - -LCB-
 this game is really fun but i beat it in 4 hours i got every micro game and every character and i ca n't find anything new !!!!!!!! overall this game sucks . -LRB- it cost $ 40 where i beat in4 hours -LRB- thats $ 10 dollars an hour -RRB- -RRB- this game has no replay value either
 Alright , this game ? Not ... exactly what I expected . I figured the other gamers who completed it too quickly were like really good or something ? You always end up with someone like that . Instead , I , not really great at video games , beat the thing in under an hour.There 's like , 10 different characters-ish , if there 's more it was n't memorable . And then you play the games repeatedly until you 're sick of them . Most of the games are kind of annoying , and kind of immature . Let me pluck the hairs from the skin , or shove a toy up someone 's nose to make them sneeze . Heck there 's one where you , as another reviewer said , use a statue to piss on a hill . One of the `` boss battles '' is to walk up someone 's nose , get some nose gold , and then ride the gooey sneeze wave outside . The touch screen is n't perfectly strong in the game either , so sometimes you lose games out of it not registering when you do things quick enough.Each microgame lasts under 5 seconds . You have to figure them out quick , but once you do it 's kind of boring replay wise . If it kept up new games ? This might be worth it , but I got it for $ 7 and I 'm regretting it heavily . Rent it ... You know what it does n't really have enough to bother renting it . See if you can try it out at the store , and then hand it back when you finish in under an hour . I 'm really really disappointed , so if you 're looking for a game that 'll be fun and take some time or at least let you come play it occasionally ? Not this one . Not this one at all.The only cool thing I 'd like to point out is the music . Nice music . I 'd like to listen to Ashley 's theme all day .
 it was fun for the first two hours not using any buttons but the touch screen and microphone . But soon got repetitive .
 The game was way too short for it to be extremely fun . Other than the few things in it that were kind of amusing , there was n't much in it that was worth it . The next problem is that it was too easy , and made for a quick game . It also tried WAY too hard to have a storyline , and therefore failed miserably . If you like to play the same game over and over , this game is for you .
 This game is great if you like mind numbing games that offer NO challenge what so ever . -LRB- Finished it in less than a day -RRB- . But that is not the worst part ... ATTENTION PARENTS !!! Notice the `` crude humor '' label next to the E for Everyone rating . Take note . . There are a few of the mini games which some parents may find completely unacceptable for younger children . One mini game is a person at a beach , and using the touchscreen , you must click and drag all of his clothes off until he is down to a leaf covering his privates . There is another game , which you control the swing of a statue that you must aim his PISS to put out the fire . There is a final game called `` OH Slap '' that has two guys across the screen -LRB- they look sooo steriotypically homosexual , one without a shirt on , something coming out of their mouths connecting them -RRB- and you must TICKLE the one without a shirt.Now , Im pretty open minded as to what I allow my daughter to play , view , etc. . But since the game sucked SOOOO much , those three offenses were enough for me to put it down , and take it back to the store . Im not sure of what other possible offensive games are also there , not all of them were uncovered , but i saw enough . .
 for this game it is a dissapointment . It really gets boring and repetitive . This game only takes about twenty minutes to beat and is a rip off game .
 I guess its ok . It has one bad scean in it . And part is gothic . Its a snooze . I played for 5 minutes and beat it . No trouble . Do n't waste your money . Get Nintendogs Lab and friends . That 's what i call a game !!!
 Yes , yes you can say bad game if you play Wario Ware Touched ! It 's nearly impossible to describe the badness of this game , but I will try.Okay , I bought Wario Ware Touched ! for $ 35 at EBgames , and I was very exited to play it . When I started out , it did n't seem so bad , but after playing for a while I really got into it . The next day , on the way to school , I was doing the microgames for Wario Man , and easily beat it . But then I realized `` Hey , wait a minute ; I just beat the whole game the morning after I bought it with no effort ! '' I was very disappointed , but little did I know , the worst was yet to come.First off , this game has NO replay value , after you play it for an hour or two , and beat it , that 's about all there is . Second , none of the Microgames make any sense ; here 's an example of about 30 seconds of this game : Quick ! The pig is in the broken octagon ! Turn it to set him free ! Oh no ! Now there is a man on the beach ! Hurry up and take off his clothes until he has nothing on ! Now , blow into the microphone to make the people around you fly away . Oh careful , little squares are walking on a wire holding signs ! If you blow into the microphone , they will blow away.Obviously these are all skills that we need in our daily lives . NOT !!! This game makes no sense what so ever , it 's the most random stuff ever and not worth a penny . Here is an outline of the game : At the main menu , there are the characters that you have unlocked , click on one to begin the boredom ! -LRB- Each character has their own set of microgames -RRB- Or if you want to find other ways to hate the game , click `` toy room '' here you can entertain yourself for half of a second with fun things such as calculators ! Yo-Yos , and best yet , a bird that whips pointy things with its tail before they get to the flowers.Oh yeah , the `` microgames '' are what most people would call `` minigames '' but they are not mini , they are micro . The games NEVER last more than ten seconds.So , after all that if I have n't convinced you to not buy this , here is a little more of a look at what you 're getting yourself into : Game play
 Help ! A little piggy is trapped ! Save him or you 'll die!This game is generally stupid . I beat it in 2 years . It 's immature , rude , childish , and one thing , it is mean .
 This game had potential , but it is just too repetitive and easy . In the first Wario Ware game -LRB- Wario Ware
 I 'm really not sure why people like this game . It 's just full of these mini touch games that take a few seconds like hitting flies , pulling strings , popping balloons and the storyline takes such a long time , and it 's not that interesting either . The mini games really are n't fun . Maybe if you 're incrediblyyy bored , but with the wait of Wario going to places for the storyline , it just increases your boredom .
 I was very disappointed with this game . From the time I put it on my visor , things did not work correctly . In trying to play the games , it would not always show the aces after you placed them so you were left guessing which suites were what . Movement was erratic and I repeatedly got error messages . When it started crashing my visor ... I removed it .
 I only saw the `` Mac OS , Windows 95 / 98 / Me '' , and not the `` Play the most popular solitaire games on your Palm '' . It does n't run on PCs .
 Not very pleased at all played one day saved had a good team next day data corruption and now I ca n't seem to save any progress ... so in all it crapped out after my first five hours or less of play .
 took way too long to get here and when it did i was so excited i got all the way to the elite four -LRB- after i transfered my pokemon from sapphire , including two shinys i got in a ligit way -RRB- i beat the elite four saved it . the next day i turn it on and it says data coruppted and all my data was GONE i was mad for days ... . dont buy ... . seriously
 Bought this game for my grandson . Immediately upon receiving , he stated that it was a counterfeit . Then he showed me a web site on-line which reviews different games and sure enough , all the characteristics that make it a counterfeit were there . He still is playing the game but said something about not being able to do some of the things with the game that can be done with the genuine game .
 Dude you ripped me off i bought your pokemon emerald and it didnt even work it always had a dry battery
 All of the ones I 've received from here are fakes . I was hoping to get the real thing if I was going to pay so much .
 I received the game on time but the save feature on the game itself has been corrupted or damage before I got , so it does n't work properly . i have n't played it since
 I ordered the game from Amazon and it was used -LRB- they no longer make gameboy games -RRB- and it was a birthday present . She used the game once and it was broken . The game was cracked and it said it was in good condition when I ordered it . There was not a return address on the mailing envelope , so I have a broken gameboy game . Went to gamestop and bought her the game for 40.00
 I purchased the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Sapphire , Emerald & Ruby for my son 's birthday . He wanted these games so he could migrate the Pokemon to his DS Pokemon Diamond game , but these games would not allow him to migrate the Pokemon . Every time he tried to migrate the Pokemon to his Diamond game , it would delete his file and he would have to start all over again . I know that his DS and his Pokemon Diamond game are not defective because his cousin has the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Emerald game and he does n't have any trouble migrating Pokemon from his cousin 's game . He found the disfunctional games to be rather frustrating . I returned all 3 games by USPS with signature confirmation . Y Yang signed for the package a week ago and I still have not received a refund for the games .
 I never GOT this game , although I also attempted contact with seller ... nothing was ever resolvd . . I consider it a lesson learned !
 NOT REALLY SURE HOW GOOD GAME IS . WHEN I PLAYED THIS GAME IT HAD A VIRUS AND I COULDN `` T GET REIMBURSED THROUGH SELLER OR GET EXCHANGE . AND AMAZON WOULD N'T STAND BEHIND IT EITHER .
 Game arrived in good condition in good time . But it was defective and had to be returned . That was absolutely no problem ! It was taken care of quickly & effeciently . Credit was immediate as soon as they received it . Would orde from again .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE ! They are LIARS , they sell BOOTLEG COPIES OF THE GAMES and are NOT TO BE TRUSTED !! Call the police on them for selling bootleg games . Call Nintendo and report these people NOW !!
 This game did not work . We contacted seller with complaint that game does not work . She replaced game with another one that did not work.We are not happy .
 Horrific . Do you guys test your used games at all ? It frequently loses its save game and was a waste of money . I work hard for my money and do n't appreciate losing it on a product that was obvious on first use did n't work correctly .
 As of today , July 31 , 2008 , I have yet to receive this product . USPS claims they delivered it on July 3 , 2008 , however , no one in household signed for the package . Currently having to complete a claim for this order . Would love to offer more , but unable to at this time .
 pokemon has stooped to an all-time low . Terrible battle options , a plain RIDICOLOUS storyline , and just not enough game .
 this was a gift and it was disappointing to the kid b/c it does n't save and that seems to be the only reason a kid would want to play this game . Also there is no way to return the product apparently .
 i think that pokemon emerald is an exellent game because you get to catch pokemon , breed them , level up pokemon and even envolve them to different evolutions.it is a cool adventure game that brings mysteires to solve like -LRB- how to get mew,ho-ho , lugia.etc -RRB- it also has new islands , better grafics.for me it is a exellent game to play.pokemon emerald even has pre-evolution and evlution pokemon that you do not get on leafgreen and firered they are -LRB- pre-evolution of snorlax , evolution of sneasel,pre-evolution of sudowoodo these are all i know for now.it for me is the best pokemon game
 I HATE THE GAME MINE DOES NOT SAVE AND IM NOT SURE IF THIS IS RELATED BUT AT THE BEGINNING IT SAYS THE GAME CAN BE PLAYED I THINK THAT MEANS IT S FAKE ANYWAY BUY NOTHING FROM THIS GUY ALSO WHEN THE COVER CARTRIDGE IS SHINY IT MEANS THAT IT 'S FAKE SO HE RIPPED OF HALVE THE POKEMON EMERALD SICKER AND PAINTED THE BACK WHITE BUY NOTHING FROM THIS FONY .
 It would lag up , freeze up , and restart everytime seeing a tentacool . I cant even trade or migrate with other games .
 We bought this game as a holiday gift for my son . It did n't work and he was disappointed . Bought it for $ 50 because it was suppose to be tested to work properly and like new .
 I had high hopes for the emerald version because I never had the emerald version before so I did not mind paying $ 40.00 for a used one and little did I know it was bootleg ! I ca n't even migrate or transfer pokemon to pokemon D/P/PLT / HG/SS version because it 's not the real deal . Every other game I bought on here was the real deal and I ca n't believe I paid $ 40.00 for a bootlegged Emerald version . This seller sure got a nice amount of cash out of me and I got ripped off . It says on the main menu `` The file will be loaded the game can be played '' On a real pokemon game it does not absolutely say that at all . That 's how I know it 's fake and also the sticker is solid green and not shiny with no numbers pressed onto the sticker . Real games have small numbers pressed onto the sticker . Also the E rating has a more smaller and thinner shape which also indicates that it 's bootleg . Real pokemon games have a thicker E rating . I 'm filing a report because I paid $ 40.00 for something that was n't the real deal !!! I pretty much just wasted my money when I could 've just bought something else instead if I would have known itd be fake . I am f *** ing pissed !! I 'm so angry I feel like smashing it into bits & pieces with a big sludge-hammer . I think I 'll try to trade it in at the flea market for another game thats real but my biggest concern is what if they check to see if it 's real and if it works . If they do check I 'll let them check and if they detect it 's also fake I 'll say `` Well , I did n't know ? I did n't know pokemon games can be fake I thought they were all the same '' Because I used to think all pokemon games were the same and did not know fake bootleg pokemon games exist . I am pissed off and I will find a way to get my moneys worth . Maybe I 'll try and sell it and see whos dumb enough to think its real and they 'll buy it.THIS IS THE FIRST BOOTLEG GAME I EVER GOT AND I AM LIVID !!!!!
 I bought the game , and when I put it in , it gave me a message saying that `` The game can be played . '' I played it for awhile , and it saved a few times , but a few days later , I turned it on and it told me that `` The save file has corrupted , the game can be played . '' and erased my save .
 I am very unhappy with this one . I do n't like the fact that the save file can be corrupted if I accidentally turn it off . Plus , I try to send some Pokemon to my Platinum version , but once I do , the file becomes corrupted . Next time , be sure what you sell , is actually good .
 What is the point of this game ? it 's almost exactly like ruby and saphire . It has a dumb battle frontier which is as different as my left foot from the ruby/saphire 's battle tower . somehow these games are popular . Each one is like a remake of the previous series of poke ` mon. . I think that the new extras in this game are borderline pointless . the first pokemon blue and red were fun but these are n't
 my club student likes pokemon alot because he plays games alot so
 This game is soooooo boring . It was a waist of money , they should have never made this game !
 I bought a used game and it deleted my progress . I found out it was a bootleg game . I got a refund and ordered another . This one took over 2 weeks to arrive . This was also a bootleg . While I love this game , I am very angry . I advise everyone else to use extreme caution when ordering used Pokemon games and order them new if possible . This is not the quality I 've come to expect from Amazon .
 i got a bootleg pokemon emerald hmmm i 'm pissed . . i hate boot leg pokemon . it 's because of this guy 's name gamer ` stop i bought it from >> >> >> >> i 'm ANGRY !!!!!!
 I was very excited to get a Pokemon emerald version in the mail.When it arrived , it looked a little different than I remembered , I made the mistake of discarding this feature , and played the game happily.I then proceded the invest over 70 hours in the game , and beat the elite four.I turned my game off and back on , and was suprised to see that my saved file was erased.I later learned that I had recived a pyrated copy.I was skeptile about this at first , until I saw the customer pictures , and saw the example of the `` FAKE '' copy , looked at mine ... EXACT MATCH!Be careful wich one you buy.I am very mad , and will have to drop another 30 or so bucks to get an `` official '' copy .
 When the game arrived , I was excited that it had arrived early . This quickly turned turned to irritation when I found that the battery that allowed the ability to save was dead . I was , to say disappointed , was an understatement . I payed extra money for a game that I was assured by amazon would work properly . This may be that last time I trust used produces off this site .
 This game would not migrate to other Pokemon games . Previous owner some how added a glitch that kept it from saving for migration with other DS games .
 FAKE.the copy i bought was fake.buy GBA games from e bay to make sure that they are n't fake .
 i got it and it was fake , i could not belive it but it was true . i would strongly suggest that no one buys this . it is nothing other than a waste of money .
 The video game was not genuine . It was a cheap chinese fake that stopped working after 4 tries . DO NOT BUY
 Took forever to come in and once I tried to actually use it I could n't save any files because the game was ruined .
 GAME WAS GREAT BEAT THE WHOLE THING ! THEN TURNED IT ON AFTER THAT AND THE FILE WAS CORRUPTED ! THE PEOPLE SELLING THESE GAMES SHOULD BE BETTER AWARE OF THE PRODUCT THERE SELLING ! IF ANYONE KNOW WHERE I CAN GET A REAL COPY PLEASE LET ME KNOW ! THANKS !
 This game was cracked and was useless . We threw it away and purchased new . Since it was cracked you could not play the full game . I would never again purchase from this buyer .
 I bought this game thinking it was simply a used game that the ` original ' buyer no longer wanted . When I received it , the game was a fake ! It was an illegal fake game made to look like the real game . If you are buying this game for ` used ' or for really cheap , beware as it might be a fake .
 When I received this game Iy would not work and I had to take it to a game repair shop to have it fixed : -LRB-
 Amazon sold me a hacked game , and now I ca n't so anything about it . Useless now , thanks for stealing my money .
 This game is fun in Little Root -LRB- where you start -RRB- Then after you beat the 6th gym leader you get stuck ! But if you really like pokemon you will know how to get past . The older pokemon games are much better ! If you are going to buy one get Ruby or Fire Red .
 Pokemon emerald game does not save . Sender said it saves , but instead erases when it saves . So did n't enjoy game .
 I just got the Emerald version -LRB- used -RRB- and tested it out . Apparently , the game cartridge shows the sticker that is NOT SHINY . A REAL Emerald version has a SHINY sticker , this one does not . And when starting the game after pressing start , the message , `` The save file will be loaded . The game can be played . '' That message is not suppose to appear on the screen unless it says the file was deleted or the internal battery was dead . I am not satisfied . Beware if the sticker on the cartridge is not shiny , because if it 's not shiny , then it 's a fake . Do not buy it if the sticker on the game is not shiny or if a message appears that says something about a save file or if the game can be played . Beware !
 Although the pricing was good and the shippingFast ; we need the store that sold us the gameTo contact us about returning the game . AnError keeps coming up and erases all playedGames this product game is not working wellAt all . We want an exchange
 My grandson , who is 10 years old , was so excited that I was ordering this game for him . Unfortunately , after receiving it , he found that the game did n't work . It gets to a certain level and just freezes . His best buddy ordered the same game and said he had the very same problem . I would like to either get another game or get my money back ! My feeling is that we 've just been scammed .
 It was good for the first few months , then it started to fail on me by not keeping the save .
 It was fun at first , but after I beat the champion , there was a message saying -LRB- the save file was erased due to corruption or damage -RRB- I was so mad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I even bought it NEW . Also when I first started it it already had a save file with a player named AAAAAAA . I returned it and now every other new copy is ridiculously expensive . I am so freakin mad at Brad Clooney or Ocean 2 for selling me that copy and this has never happened to my other Pokemon games and I do n't hack or cheat and I never used action replay on it SO I AM SO ANGRY !!!! ' !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this game as an aid for learning how to play craps . That was a mistake . You ca n't keep track of your winnings because it gives you back what you lose . Nor does it handle bets properly . `` Any Craps '' should be a one roll bet but ` Casino ' leaves it on the table until you win or you crap out . It does n't handle placing `` odds '' on a line bet properly , either.If you want to learn craps or simulate playing avoid this software . If you want to improve your self esteem by winning all the time it is a great buy .
 Firstly , its best to buy original one and Dreamfall separately ... helps you save a lot of money . If you fish around for prices on the web you can buy both of them , separately , for around 5-6 bucks EACH , than buying this more expensive package.Like other reviewers prior to my review , I agree that this should have been labelled as one game plus the latter release being nothing more than a mere side bonus game because of the following vast differences , in my view :1 . The storyline of original longest journey is by far the best and unbeatable by miles compared to the newer release Dreamfall . The original one truly deserves flawless rating like many critics have given ... Dreamfall , on the other hand , is no where near the same legend status like the original story ... so be prepared for a big Dream - `` fall '' when playing this one : o -RRB- 2 . Game control in Dreamfall is a real nightmare . There is no mouse pointer on the screen which makes the game movement very difficult and unnecessary time wasting , where the character ends up bumping into walls than actual doing what you would like her/him to accomplish . This takes away a lot of time and in actuality is one of the biggest let down of Dreamfall where the game appears to be intentionally look longer than it actually is .3 . Original longest journey really felt truly long like its name , newer one -LRB- Dreamfall -RRB- is considerably shorter probably around three times in actual game play length including animation .4 . Graphics of the original one were really breath-taking and atmospheric ... although Dreamfall has beautiful graphics too but it just did n't feel the same . However , this point can vary between individuals.In conclusion
 We bought this game because we 'd played The Longest Journey and loved it . We thought the original Longest Journey was one of the best adventure-quest games we had played in a long long time.Unfortunately , Dreamfall really really disappoints by comparison . It is painfully evident that Dreamfall was designed primarily to be played on a game console , rather than a PC . Like other adventure games which made a transition to console -LRB- Broken Sword 4 , for example -RRB- , the result is not a happy one . There are several serious flaws with this game :1 -RRB- Gameplay - because it was designed for console , the controls on this game are a real pain for PC players . We keep getting stuck in corners and taking a long time to extract ourselves from them , the camera is always turning in the wrong direction , and the simplest tasks become extremely frustrating because both the mouse and keyboard controls are a real pain .2 -RRB- The type of challenges - in a quest game , the fun is usually in slowly unfolding a game by finding new objects , talking to people , and trying to figure out how to solve a puzzle or what to do next . In this game , however , most of the challenges are simply about jumping or fighting or running or something stupid like that , which may be fun if you 're playing a console game , but are n't fun if you are looking for an actual quest-adventure . When you do need to help someone or find an object , this is always painfully simple
 I loved The Longest Journey . It had a unique storyline and puzzles that were challenging yet solvable . The gamplay was easy and straight forward . And renewed my hope that really great Adventure games were still being made . It was one of the best games I have played in years . However , after playing Dreamfall my hopes are dashed . The graphics were beautiful and the dialogue was well done . But I despised the constant loading of the game everytime you moved a few yards in the game . The gameplay was an awkward combination of the keyboard and the mouse . And , to be honest , the story was was entirely unsatisfying . The story , while seeming to lead to an interesting climax was full of holes , and the ending fell flat . They ruined the April Ryan character , introduced all sorts of new people who were so briefly interacted with it made you feel like they served no purpose other than to move the really pointless story along . There is a sequel in the works but I could care less . Oh ! And the really lame fighting sequences were also disappointing . What was their purpose ? Carpal Tunnel ? My advice , if you want a really fun game , is play The Longest Journey . But I am sure that Dreamfall -LRB- and its alledged MMO sequels -RRB- will make nice coasters .
 Do NOT buy this game ! The Longest Journey by itself is fine but Dreamfall is a disaster and a waste of money . What little we saw of the game before it crashed looked good . First it would n't run on my son 's brand new PC because it 's Vista . Then it would n't run on my 2 yr old laptop because it is n't the right video card . The right video card is a very , very small list so your chances of having it are slim . The Aspyr Technical Support is unbelievable bad ! Their answer to everything is `` we do not support that , check back later '' . What a waste ! Just buy Dreamfall for the X-box and save yourself the aggrivation .
 The original game -LRB- The longest journey -RRB- was quite a decent game . It had some damned challenging puzzles , a ridiculous amount of great dialogue , and a good plot.This game , however , is a POS . It tacks on a useless combat system , dumbs down the puzzles , and ends with a ` to be continued ' with impending world doom and your characters more or less dead/captured . It has some maddening ` missions ' which consist mostly of running around and fetching . The overall sensation is somewhat akin to being repeatedly beaten with a crowbar , but less fun and more potential brain damage.Avoid with prejudice until they come out with the third in the series . Let 's face it ... 2nd games in a trilogy are usually the worst and this one adheres to the rule well .
 Yoshi Touch and Go is a very BAD game . It is very short . You can probably beat it in less than an hour . The graphics ar n't great -LRB- about the same as the Gameboy -RRB- . The main thing I dont like about this game is that there is no freedom . Yoshi moves along and all you do is draw a path of clouds for him to walk on with you stylus.The reason why this game is hard because , Basicly the game is one long level . In this level yoshi walks automaticly along the world on a path of clouds drawn by you . If Yoshi falls off , your dead . If he touches an enemy , your dead . what would really suck is if you were about to finish the game and you died . GAME OVER you would have to start from the begining again . . and again ... and again.Take my advise ... DO NOT BUY `` YOSHI TOUCH AND GO '' EVEN IF IT WAS A PENNY !!! Get Super Mario 64 DS or Goldeneye Rouge Adgent Instead of this load of crap .
 this is one of the whorst games I have ever played it is a stupid arcade game yoshi is so cool but this game made yoshi look sooooooooooooo stupid I am so mad I cant do this anymore have a good day unless you got yoshi touch and go then have a rotten day
 Why does Amazon have this game listed for over $ 140 ?! This must be a fluke ... not buying this game today !!!
 Yoshi touch and go sounds like a neat title . But no . I had the brains not to buy one because my approach was `` Whoopdee-doo another 2d side scrolling game '' I mean , come on Nintendo DS has amazing potentiol if you just utilized its power and did n't base games on your budget . Thanks for reading my review .
 I really want to like this game . Its stylus-action-game gameplay is very , very solid , probably even better than the gameplay of Kirby 's Canvas Curse . But this game does so , SO very much less with the engine than the great game Canvas Curse does.Some people will find enough satisfaction from this game playing for high scores in each of the four modes . As for me , I am only good enough at the game to complete one of the modes , and what I see just is n't enough to keep me playing to improve . Four modes - that 's what this game has . The goal is slightly different in each one . But each one has just two stages - Mario falling , and Yoshi carrying Mario . And once you take a single hit from an enemy , it 's game over and start from the beginning -LRB- or midpoint -RRB- . If you want this kind of stylus gameplay guiding the hero and keeping him safe with the stylus , get Kirby
 This game is not as satisfying as the NBA Live ... I think they need to upgrade this game her a bit more.Only good part about this game is when you 're playing `` My Live '' you get to create a player and play but still got to play under commands . If I had another choice , I would buy the NBA Live or ESPN over this one
 The game was broken when I received it . The case it was in was cracked down the middle and the game would not work .
 Where do I start with the overall disappointment . Let 's start with the packaging with something this big I expected it to be in a box , once receiving my envelope with rips and tears all over I was very irritated with the lack of care from the seller . Once opening the package I was at least relieved to see that all the contents were inside of it . After getting the contents out and inspecting them I was wondering how I bought something `` like new '' with scratches , dents , and the controller has a very lose analogue stick . Once I power up the system it did work which is surprising with all of disappointment that was brought on before .
 The items that they said came with it did not come with it.The product description said console hookups and controllers.They sent just console . When I contacted them they said I was lying about it .
 At first , this system worked really well . After about half an hour of use , it started freezing up the game . I reset it a few times , hoping it was just a glitch . Unfortunately , it continued . It is a bit aggravating as I have kids that take turns using the system . I would recommend getting one from a used game store that you can easily return it to instead .
 it really hurts to say anything bad about nintendo but this system sucks ! theres only a few good games like goldeneye , mario , donkey kong and a VERY FEW others the thing that hurts me the most is where is the ROLEPLAYING GAMES ! and no zelda isnt a roleplaying game and another big issue is why are the graphics so blurry I REALLY WANTED TO GIVE THIS SYSTEM A CHANCE BECAUSE IS NINTENDO IS A VERY TALENTED COMPANY I KNOW THAT THEY WILL FIX ALLTHESE PROBLEMS FOR THE DOLPHIN BUT UNTIL THEN STAY CLEAR OF THIS DISSAPOINTING MACHINE !
 I did not like because it brought the cables and does not explain much product information I did not like the salesperson explains the detail of what sells
 I ordered this system for a particular game that I was having trouble finding . I found the game , and ordered the system . The game I ordered ended up falling through and I had to start my search again . Once again , I found it . I was SO excited , it took me a couple months to find it . Low and behold , I go to use the system ... and it does n't work.AWESOME . and it was outside of teh return window , so I could n't even return it .
 Kind of disappointed . The Nintendo itself is fine , but I chose this one because it came with a controller . The controller was a generic piece of junk . The wiring is bad so the game deck keeps saying the controller is not plugged in , and the plastic cap on the joystick keeps falling off . And I have to mention that its shape is n't even close to an N64 controller . Big , uncomfortable and bulky . Thanks for nothing !
 When this thing was new it was certainly all the rage , but its main rival , the Sony Playstation was still a step ahead no matter Nintendo did . Nintendo releases games like Goldeneye and Starfox , two GREAT games , but then Square and Sony release Final Fantasy VII to america , which certainly changed things . On specifics , the N64 is 5 times more powerful than the playstation . But the N64 cartridges hold no where near as much space as the playstations black CDs . Why Nintendo did n't bother to use CDs as they originally planned confuses many to this date . CDs last longer , and in truth , are harder to damage . A bad drop on a tile floor may send fragments of plastic and silicon from your `` F-Zero X '' could be all over the kitchen floor . Nintendo did have one thing going for it over Playstation , remakes of classic games . With the 8bit Nintendo , they started some great games out . Then with the 16bit Super Nintendo , they made 16bit counterparts to the 8bit games . Now with this 64bit system , they made counterparts to the 16 bit games . This was their edge , and it made the system sell very well . In the long run was this systems downfall . Games are much harder to produce for N64 than they are playstation . Even though it it more powerful than the playstation , it is still second to it . What will happen soon , is anyone guess . Nintendo next year will release their new Gamecube . Gamecube does n't play DVDs like Sony 's Playstation 2 , and it does n't appear so far to be anymore powerful . Playstation 2 will be hard to beat for one , as you can see by it 's current demand . It seems that Nintendo has become the underdog , with giants such as Microsoft entering the race . Perhaps they 'll pull through , its unknown . Sega 's Dreamcast is certainly on it 's way down , it will not be possible to compete with the much more powerful Playstation 2 and Microsoft 's X-Box , and possibly the morepowerful gamecube . Word to the wise , if you 're planning to buy a top of the line system , I do not currently suggest this system . Dreamcast is a good bet for the buck , but waiting a while seems to be a wiser choice .
 The Nintendo 64 may have more power than the PlayStation , but there 're two things that kill it in the long run
 So I didnt realize this was only for the console and did n't include any cords . but anyways this thing was pretty beat up . I wish the seller would 've at least let me know about that first . but we are still yet to fire it up since we do n't have the cords or anything . i 'm sure it works but still .
 I bought this as a gift for someone who used to have one years ago and wanted another . The console was in great shape but the controller was broken . So how is he supposed to to use it ? The backward button does n't work . Amazon should make sure that the sellers are trustworthy before connecting their name to them . VERY disappointing !!
 A few years ago -LRB- back in ' 97 , to be exact -RRB- , I was a major Nintendo fan . You know , the kind that despise Playstation in any and all forms . Well , I get the system the day it comes out . Okay , I played it for a couple years , remaining uninformed about the Playstation . Then comes 2000 . I start hearing about the PSX . How the CDs hold more space . How they have better sound . Well , I just get a Playstation . Now , many of you N64 fanatics may not want to see the bad sides of the Nintendo system . But they 're there ! First of all , cost . I 'm 13 , so I do n't really have a steady supply of money -LRB- besides allowance -RRB- . The cost of games was really a big issue for me . ... . Also , despite what they may tell you , Playstation actually has better processing power . The only reason that N64 has better graphics is because of more RAM . One more thing
 Length :
 The N64 system arrived without the proper cords to hookup the console to the television . What kind of business are you running . I will never purchase from this seller again . The console includes the console itself and the additional wiring that came with it in the packaging . Not just the console .
 I can honestly say I have been severely let down by the false promises of a `` fun '' machine . Nintendo 's reputation has always been most admired by myself , until this atrocity . The games are very disapointing in terms of depth and playability and the graphics for a `` superior '' system are apalling . But what really burns me is the choice of games , or the lack thereof . Especially considreing this system has been around for four years.People are constantly amazed at how Nintendo still manages to sell a million copies of games , but it is really quite simple ; a starving man will eat anything . And I am still hungry .
 1 . There games cost alot , and I mean alot of money , compare 10 to 50 bucks -LRB- PSX -RRB- to 30 to 70 bucks -LRB- N64 -RRB- .2 . There graphics arent that great , yes technacilly its is a more powerful system but when they create these games they almost ALWAYS use poloygonal form -LRB- in other words , the head of the wrestler your playing with looks like a box -RRB- . There graphics dont include very much detail at all -LRB- compare the N64 version of Quake 2 to the PSX and PC version of it , its pretty funny -RRB- .3 . They over use the whole nintendo franchise . Honestly how many more games do we need to see with mario , pokemon , and Donkey Kong in them . Come on think of somehing new ! 4 . There games are almost always aimed at little kids . This may not be a problem for some , but it is for many .5 . You have to buy a vibration feature sepratly , this really ticked off one of my friends when he first brought the system .6 . There controller is pretty werid , and a certain website had a poll , saying that N64 's controller was the worst -LRB- compared to PSX and Dreamcast -RRB- in handling .7 . Half of there games are ports from PC and Playstation games . Why ? , because there to busy hyping up there next pokemon or Donkey Kong game -LRB- The Donkey Kong game sucks by the way -RRB- .8 . While the name Nintendo is Japnesse , most of the games developers are here in the USA . Why this is bad ? , because Japan is leading the world in technology , they have done the PSX and the Dreamcast .9 . All of those extra phreprials . I mean come on , wernt ya going to buy this system for great graphics in the first place , then they release this thing caled `` The Enhancer '' which makes your graphics look even better for another 20 bucks ? .10 . They dont have ANY Role Playing Games , this is wht turns off most gamers toward this system , and no , Zelda is not a real RPG , it has some elements from an RPG , but it is not one .11 . They dont have Any fighting games ! 12 . They only have one racing game -LRB- a port from the PSX I might add -RRB- 13 . Cartridges . This is the reason why the prices are so high on the games . And the rerason why the games are very short . It is a known fact that a CD can hold a heck of alot more data then a cartridge , the reasult , better games -LRB- They ran a funny add in a video game mag once for Final Fantasy 7 , a widely known PSX game , saying it would cost 1,700 dollars if they put this game in a cartridge -RRB- 14 . The fact alone that PSX is ahead of N64 market wise speaks for itself .15 . Promises , Promises . Ok fpr all of the people who say Dolphin is going to be better than PSX2 is a joke . No one can say that ! Dont you realize that you can not judge a system by its fancy name like Nintendo or Sony or Even Microsoft . You need to play the games it has to offer ! We havent even seen the games Nintendo 's Dolphin has to offer -LRB- Nintendo 's name Dolphin isint even its real name , its just the `` code name '' -RRB- .
 OK OK OK OK ... . how shall i start . I do n't see why i am writing this any way beause everyone will probably be owning a dreamcast -LRB- great system -RRB- X-box , Ps2 -LRB- BAD system -RRB- by the time they read this . The N64 is a good system but the games are just bad . Ya , Perfect dark is OK and tony hawk is good too but THATS IT ! I mean we have our share of games but we are very limited . i got this system like 2 years ago or something and ya it was ok but when ur caught playing Tony Hawk every time u just get bored . If you are a little kid and like baby games then it would be good for them becasue we have some great child games , DK64 , Pokemon , i dunno stuff like that . So it all depends on your age . Hmm ... . Go get yous selfs somes dreamcasts !
 I never did receive the product and I had to ask for a refund because this seller apparently does n't have the products that he is advertising . Very disappointing !!
 Thanks to Nintendo 's bright idea to make a system and double the graphics from the 32-bit Sega Saturn and Playstation systems , we get stuck with one of the worst sytems out there . True Sega Saturn had lousy 3D graphics and bad third-party support , no one can deniy the fact it had some great games on it . And I hate Playstation , but because they shaped their graphics just right the games somehow came out looking better than N64 . Not only do we get a really cheesy system , they also had to turn many classic 2D games and turn them into horrible 3D games -LRB- Like Earthworm Jim 3D , Zelda , Donkey Kong 64 , Kirby , Rayman 2 , and so much more ... -RRB- ! Plus the controll drove me bonkers the way they controll it . Sometimes the controll 's bother me so much I have to stop playing the game . Plus because the games are in cartriges -LRB- Lousy sound and space because of this -RRB- they cost -LSB- a lot -RSB- and the games are usally short and do n't last more than a couple of hours before you 're finished with the game . And this is from someone who has loved all their other systems they made . Which is why I was crying after I played this thing -LRB- I still think once was too painfull -RRB- at a friends house . Complete waste of money . I do not recomend . Let 's hope the Nintendo Cube Box turns out better than this piece of trash .
 This is the worst system out there . Whats the point of spending the same amount of money as for a playstation when your buying a worse machine ?! T3he games cost about three times as much and do n't play nearly as well . The loading times are no different that the playstation and the games are horrible . There is maybe three games I like on the N64 and they 're made for my playstation anyway too . Do n't forget that to get the most out of your N64 games you must buy an expansion pack . It does n't make sense to me . Why buy the N64 when there are plenty of other GOOD game systems out there ?
 ... move along , nothing to see here . I purchased my N64 a couple of years ago for one very specific reason , so that I could get the new Zelda game -LRB- and I mean Ocarina of Time , have gotten Majora 's Mask since then -RRB- I 'm an old school gamer , I mean from the days of Atari , and I still have all of the Zelda games for the Nes , Super Nes , and N64 as well as all of the systems . Despite my lasting dedication to the Zelda and Metroid franchises -LRB- no Metroid64 though , what a disappointment -RRB- I must say unless you are dedicated to a nintento owned series and must have it , I would n't waste money on this system especially in this post Gamecube release time . -LRB- For those of you younger gamers who might not know Nintendo 's system history , when they release a new system they totally abandon the old system as though they 'd never made it . There will be no more N64 games made , and no Nintendo system has yet been backwards compatible . One very useful Sony innovation , smart move by Sony as well , they still sell their old system with a screen no less -RRB- Games for N64 are too expensive , sometimes half to 3/4ths of what the system could be bought for -LRB- at least before Gamecube it was this way , now stores are trying to sell out their N64 collection like rats jumping a sinking ship cause they know Nintendo has chucked development for the system and it 's dying , so you can actually get good prices on games now . -RRB- , games are generally aimed at young gamers -LRB- very few mature titles -RRB- and generally do n't have very sophisticated graphics . The library of game titles is pitiful , very little variety in game types . The system is not included with it 's full capabilities , and you have to drop another chunk of change to buy an expansion pack so that some more advanced games will work on it ... as well as having to drop another chunk of change for a Nintendo rumble pack ... to attach to make it 's unwieldy three handled spaceshipshaped controller more unwieldy and actually able to vibrate -LRB- cause unlike Sony they coud n't just build the rumble into the controller -RRB- and who has three hands to run a controller anyway ? Well have no fear because the directional button pad on the left is practically useless , I 've not seen a game yet that uses it . Oh yes and despite the cartridge mediums one advantage -LRB- being that games can be saved on a cartridge game instead of a memory card -RRB- N64 also made memory cards for another chunk of change ... which is also nearly USELESS because 85 % of the games save on the cartridge . Nintendo used to be the leader in game systems , perhaps with the Gamecube 's move to disk and picking up RE , they 'll be able to turn around their slide toward the way of the Dreamcast . Meanwhile if you want a cheap fun system with loads of available games of all types and are n't worried about cutting edge video game technology -LRB- which you are n't if you 're considering the N64 -RRB- then buy a PSone . Half the price , many many more games for much much cheaper , and if you later get a PS2 , the psone games will work on that as well . Happy shopping True Believers .
 I will admit it i reserved the nintendo 64 months in advance . Sure when i got it i thought it was great , but after months of defending it against my classmates and their playstations , i decided to get my own . It by far surpasssed the n64 's enjoyment . Sure the n64 has better graphics , but playstation was the better games and better sound . In my opinion nintendo aims their games for a much younger audience . Many of their games are not apealing to the 14 + crowd . Playstation provides way more games for this age group , along with games for the younger group , but they can still be injoyable for the older gamers . The playstaion controler is much better in design . The dual shock controller is the best that i have seen , but who wants to put that bulky heavy rumble pack in the back of the n64 controller ? I hate the memory pack for n64 , one season on qb club fills the whole thing , theres 20 bucks gone for a game that costs 60 in the first place . That brings me to another point , games are alot cheaper pn playstation , you are looking at a 20 dollar diference . If you are deciding between a playstation or a n64 i would go with the playstation . If you are buying a system for a younger gamer then i would consider the n64 .
 I 've played with the N64 , and I think it 's a below average game systom . It has a lot of flaws in the games . Like when I was playing Mario 64 , I jumped at the top of a stair case and got sucked into a solid wall and somehow ended up at the bottem of the stairs ! I think the games cost to much for what they diliver to . Every game I played compared to the Play Station -LRB- PS -RRB- was extremly short . And they have no RPG 's ! The sound is all blips and dongs too . They do n't have a lot of good games either . Compared to the PS I think this systom is almost trash ! I 'm not saying I do n't like Nintendo it 's just that this systom has to small of a libray of games , most of the games cost to much , the sound is bad , the games are to short , lots of flaws in the games , most of the games are boring , and they have no RPG 's ! If you have money , save it , and either buy a PS , PS2 -LRB- when it comes out in September -RRB- , or the new systom that 's coming out for Nintendo in a few mounths or a year . Hope this helps !
 When I ordered my N64 it was listed as newly refurbished in excellent condition with 1 Controller and 1 Game . When I finally got home I opened the box to find a faded scratched up N64 with the original out dated jumper pack and a dirty completely worn out Controller with the Analog Stick nearly fallen off . I also got the game without the manual in Excellent condition otherwise , but it was a title nobody has ever heard of . I installed the unit to my TV and it turned on with visable shaking screen , but I was put off by the poor condition of the product and have decided not to use it in my living room . I got what I paid for , but the item was NOT in excellent condition .
 if U are thinking about buying a 64 ... honestly think again ... it 's a better system than PS1 ... the sound is better . . and graphics are better in a wierd way -LRB- it 's abit dreamy like -RRB- ... though ... what a good system needs is good games ... and 64 is a terrible machine in this field ... I seriousely think those guys in Nintendo are crazy ... I mean who would like to pay 50 $ to play TENNIS using mario ... or take snap shots of pokemon characters flying By , . . or MArio golf , MArio party ... or a fighting game using mario or play Banjo tooie agame exactly like banjo kazooie , which is excatly like mario 64 which is exactly like the new ZELDA which is exactly like the.donkey kong 64 which is exactly like . . for some reason.NINTENDO has decided to make really strange , wierd bad games ... I have a 64 and I ca n't play the type of games I want to play with it ... like . . Crazy taxi , driver , street fighter 2 , ... and I am constantly waiting for a better game to come up though each month They disapoint me with their `` funny '' ideas ... what 's next . . Mario nose picking competition ?
 This N 64 I bought for my kids was just an empty shell . No way can it work because number one , it does n't have the `` works '' inside to make any game work and number two , it has no power cord . I am very disappointed and angry .
 I purchased this Nintendo 64 System as a Christmas gift for my son and there 's nothing worse than to receive a faulty system as a gift that does n't work . And the vendor wo n't replace it.Louis
 My old friend has a N64 . I got the chance to play it but only once . I was gon na get one as well , but most of my friends in school told me to get a PlayStation instead . I said , Why ? They told me that if you are into the games , then go for the PSX , it has TONS of variety of games from different genres . It may not as powerful as the N64 but hey , power is n't everything ! I agree with them , power is not everything . Its the games that counts not the system itself . So I went to Electronics Botique to buy one . But when I got there , I could n't resist the feeling of getting a N64 as well . I did n't have enough money in my bank account so I have to decide whether to get a PSX or N64 . I went for the PSX instead , after all , I do trust my friends . After months pass by , I did n't regret getting a PSX over a N64 . All the N64 games are somewhat good , but its mostly aimed at kids . And I myself is an 18-year old boy . As far as I can see , the N64 does n't have much good games , it does have good games but not as many as the PlayStation does . In fact , all the games on the N64 are re-makes . Games like Banjo , Zelda ... etc. . They are just like Mario 64 , only with different characters . And I 'm a die-hard Capcom gamer , there is n't a single Street Fighter game on the N64 . And it has poor 3rd Party support . Not to mention , its peripherals and games are at a much higher price than the PSX . Having sold $ 56 million units worldwide and $ 21 million units in North America alone , I think the PlayStation is worth getting than a N64 . As for the load times , it only takes less than a max . of 10 sec . for the game to fully load . In fact , I own a Sega Dreamcast and does n't bother me if it does n't have load times compared to the PSX . Unlike some people , is expecting a 32-Bit system to be like a 128-Bit system with no load times . I 'll give the N64 a 2/5 . It does have good games but not as much as the PSX does .
 Let me be honest with you , this system does have some good games but unfortunatly the bad games far outweigh the good ones . Unless your 10 years of age or younger and cant get enough of Pokemon , stick to the Playstation or Dreamcast or even wait a year for the Playstation 2 which can play DVD movies too .
 I would strongly urge everyone not to buy from Eric.joh as he does not send quality products and does n't go out of his way to see that his customers get the refund that is due to them . I have had nothing but a bad experience from dealing with him and people like him are giving Amazon a bad reputation .
 the graphics are so blurry it will nauseate you . the n64 couldonly appeal to children under 12 years . you would be better off withthe old 8 bit or even a sega saturn ! END
 This is argubaly the worst system EVER . The music is horrible sounding comparing to the beauty of the playstation . There are no good RPG games for this system . The graphics in most games are nowhere near they could be and overall a pathetic system . The best game it had was Goldeneye 007 and in my mind that is the ONLY good game besides Perfect Dark to appear on the entire system during its 4 years on the American Market .
 The memory card show in this add is not the one you will recieve . It is not a memory card made by Sony or by Performance . Its made by `` Hip Gear '' with the following label on the back `` PSX 1Mb Memory Card '' . The first card I recieved failded after a few weeks and then the seller sent another one to make up for it so I will see how this one works out , but is still made by `` Hip Gear '' .
 I ended up with a japanese memory card and it doesnt even work in my playstation ... it was a rip off be careful before buying !!
 I ordered a Gray PSOne memory card to only receive an off brand `` PINK '' one to my surprise . It works , just not what was displayed when ordering online , so beware !
 Two problems :1 . I did not receive the same color memory card as what was advertised , but I figured that was n't a big deal , so I disregarded it and started to use it .2 . After playing video games for like 3 hours , I save , and the next time I come back to load the game , the data is corrupted ! So I figure that might have just been a fluke , and I start over from the beginning of the game -LRB- an RPG , so you can imagine how obnoxious that is -RRB- . I save , come back later that day to play , and when I load , it 's CORRUPTED again . It ca n't be a coincidence.In conclusion , DO N'T BUY THIS MEMORY CARD .
 the product if thus far working just fine . however , the picture is clearly of a GRAY memory card , and mine was not . this does not really bother me but makes me wonder about the reliability of the seller . if this might be a problem for you , perhaps think it over again .
 I was sent a PS One Memory Card that wo n't hold on to memory . It 'll instantly forget it the next time you try to play the game you attempted to save . Be aware .
 First of all , you wo n't be receiving the product shown in the description . The memory card is actually a cheap knock-off called Hip Gear.I bought these in hopes of transferring saves from an old , dying memory card to a new one . However , neither memory card was recognized by my PS2.This is a prime example of `` what you see is n't always what you get '' .
 It 's unfortunate that you have to buy these cards second hand now.Sony will do anything to make you buy newer versions of their PS-3 . that have had constant complaints from customers.There are a lot of Very Good PS 1 GAMES OUT THERE , AND YOU CA N'T PLAY THEM WITHOUT THE MEMORY CARD.wEITE TO sony AND COMPLAIN .
 My best advise is to never buy a memory card online ! I could n't save at all with out it needing to be reformatted each time . I suggest not to buy memory cards online .
 the controller did not work . i contacted the seller and he said to return it for a refund . i never got the refund . he ripped me off . i do not know what to do to recover my money
 When I first started using this controller , I thought it was good . But now that I have a Nintendo 64 and a Dreamcast , -LRB- their controllers are both great , -RRB- I look back at Playstation 's controllers , and the analog is weird and does n't work well , and the controller is small and plain -LRB- nothing special , -RRB- and harder to hold than Nintendo 's or Dreamcast 's
 What I got is nothing like what is pictured . All i was looking for , was an original PS1 Dual Shock controller . The simple gray one from when Playstations were first released . What I got was some poorly developed/designed third-party controller . Not the least bit ergonomic in anyway and to top it all off , it is completely useless in that the controller does not even fit in the port . It 's too big for it so do n't let the price fool you , they get you with $ 9.99 for shipping . So even for 1 , I am sorely disappointed .
 It appears to be the original product that sony has , however once it arrives to your home and after you unpackage the product , you will find an unpleasent surprise . The controller is a cheap knockoff , an imitation and the picture is a phony and a fake . Buyer Beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 this item is to big and to heavy.the rumble is to strong andmesses you up.get the joystick add-on insted .
 Honestly , this game was awful . It has bad graphics and it really is n't very fun at all.Don ' t buy this game ... get one of the Mario or Zelda games instead !
 Kudos to Sega for another off-beat title . Who could have thought that one could make an entertaining game out of truck driving ? Make no mistake - this is a fun game . Points are also awarded for smooth , if not benchmark , animation and intuitive controls.But shame goes to Sega for doing so little in porting the title over to a home console . With any arcade-to-console port , extras must be added or the gameplay must be modified to create replay value . Otherwise , there would be no excuse to buy the console version rather than spend the equivalent in quarters at the local arcade . Sadly , the core of the game , `` arcade mode '' , is ported over with no change . And unlike the popular `` Crazy Taxi '' , `` 18 Wheeler '' does not go on and on if you are good enough . Instead , you go through a few stages and once you complete those stages ... nothing . Most people will learn to complete these stages inside of three hours . Sure , there is a `` parking '' challenge that is analagous to the mini-games in `` Crazy Taxi '' , but again , once you finish them ... nothing.Save your money and head down to your local arcade with some friends . For the equivalent number of quarters , the humorously large cabinet , life-sized trucker steering wheel , big bench seat , and loud horn will be more fun than you can ever have with this title at home .
 The game play is great , but what happened to the game ? I finished the arcade mode in less than 20 minutes . This is more like a demo than a game . I never played any videogame as short as this one . I definitely would not recommend ... it in fact I would n't recommend buying it . Stick to the arcade version .
 This is exactly like the arcade version , but short is not the word for it . I beat it in one weekend and finished all the side games . NOTHING TO BUY FOR THIS AMOUNT .
 With this kit , the colors in 480i mode are better than the composite cable that is included with the XBOX.However , if you want to run your XBOX in High Defination -LRB- HD -RRB- , buy another product . When I set my XBOX to 480p , the text and color are horrid than composite cables . Setting it to a higher resolution such as 720p is equally bad . Though games runs smoother in progressive mode , 60 frames per second as oppose to 30 fps in interlaced , the image is just too ugly to tolerate.It 's a acceptable product running at 480i and I 'll keep it until I find a better replacement
 I recently purchased a high definition television and decided to pick this item up , primarily due to the low price and the availability . Unfortunately , the picture that I got with the Arsenal connector was unsatisfactory . The picture was too fuzzy and blurry , much worse that the S-Video connection that I had used previously . I tried several different pairs of component video cables , but to no avail . I found a cheap , multi-system high-definition connector at my local video game store and it works just fine . I 'll be returning the Arsenal kit to Amazon .
 This game was n't as much fun as I thought it would be , and I was n't expecting much . I figured there would be more to building up your troops . Nope all you do is build roads to connect cities and explore to get get more people . Then when you are attacked you just click on the city nearest the enemy and they fight . There is no strategy involved at all . That being said if your looking for a game to play when you only have 5 or 10 mins it 's good for that . Also it 's only 49 cents so if you add it to a order that qualifies for free shipping the price is great . But if you have to pay the shipping do n't waste you money .
 I am an avid history type game player . games such as Age of Empires -LRB- AOE -RRB- and Age of Empires II , Age of Mythology , Age of Empires III etc etc , if your expecting this game to be that way , it 's not even close . There was no thought put into the game , which is why the game can be bought for $ 1 now . It 's boring and does n't require any thinking . Nothing exciting about the game . Which again is why the game is $ 1 . I have no problems with the other people who reviewed it and gave it 4-5 stars . Not every game is for everyone . To me , it is n't even worth the one dollar .
 I had been waiting for this game to come out , hoping for a good casino game for my GBA . I was very disappointed with this title . The slot machine games have dark , blurry and hard to see graphics and it 's very hard to win anything . The video poker is badly designed in that you have to press so many buttons just to play one hand and when you do win , you have to wait for the screen to scroll down to the paytable and then up to the credits and finally back down to the playable poker game . The programmers did n't provide for the player to hit a button to skip this scrolling , which makes for very slow game play . The video keno is nothing like a real video keno machine and you have to keep the instruction manual out to figure out how to play . The only game that is well designed and somewhat fun to play is blackjack . If you 're looking for a casino game for your Game Boy Advance , try to track down the `` Hoyle Casino '' game that was made for the Game Boy Color . Overall that title is better & more fun to play than `` Caesar 's Palace '' and can still ... ... . To summarize
 Games are well put together , graphics good . No complexity or motivation in game at all . No high roller level , no competition or real excitement at all . I thought that was what gambling was all about .
 I tried this game , and it makes the Game Gear Version look a whole lot better . In the GG version , you actually walk around the casino to the different games . You go to the ATM for money . and there is Video Horse Racing . I am glad i picked up the GG version at -LSB- the store -RSB- than wasting my money on the GBA version .
 I enjoy playing blackjack and other casino games , but this game is just plain awful . Please do n't buy it for anyone .
 When I first saw this game , I was really looking forward to playing it , me being the old-school Sonic fan that I am . Anyway , I picked it up after reading several things on it . And I must say , I was really disappointed in what the game had . In my opinion , it should n't qualify as a Sonic game . The two player mode is really lacking something . The music does n't even compare to the awesome compositions in Sonic 1 and 2 . Yes , I know they included a few songs and stuff from the first game , but that 's about it.The first thing I noticed was the character choices . If you play Sonic 2 or 3 , you have a choice of playing as Sonic , Tails , or both . This game did n't have that , and that was a sorry thing to see . Amy Rose is one of my favorite characters , but I really think that the game would n't lack anything if she was n't a character in the game . The levels and their titles were n't all that spectacular . Sure , they had a lot more boxes than the first games , and what really made me mad was the invincibility . I know they kept the same music , but the invincibility that 's a Sonic trademark is the sparkles that surround the character . This game takes it from Sonic Adventure 2 , and that made me upset , because it 's just not ... Sonic . The moves were hard to get used to , and -LRB- I 'm sorry that I 'm going too in-depth with this stuff , but ... -RRB- all of the characters should n't have attacks , like in Sonic Adventure . Another thing that really disappointed me was that the levels were just too easy . There did n't seem to be enough badniks and there were n't enough turns and cool stuff like that.I think that people who are n't die-hard Sonic fans would like this game , and it 's pretty simple . But I warn those who love Sonic like I do-this game is not like traditional Sonic.My reccomendation ? Avoid this game , especially if you are a big Sonic fan . ~ Amy Rose ~
 I was so very excited when I finally got this game ! I tore the package open , shoved it into my GBA , and flipped the switch . Soon after , I flipped the switch . This game is not very fast paced . Even though the old games were slower than the new ones , this game was very slow . It was also boring . All of the levels were the same exept different backgrounds ! So I tried the other characters ! All of the levels are the same for different characters , unlike SA1 . Just different attacks ! Trust me ! I LOVE sonic . It is really fun ! Especially Knuckles ' Chaotix -LRB- Get It -RRB- But this is a major disappointment . Even the mini choa garden is all messed up ! I am very very sad ! Why do n't the companies develop the games for handhelds themselves instead of turning it over to any old company -LRB- in this case THQ and Crash for GBA , it was given to Vicarious Visions -RRB- who can mess up the game . The only reason why crash the huge adventure is n't terrible is because VVisions Base the game off of Crash 2 and 3 ! Hey ! Sega ! Develop your own handheld games like you used to ! And whoever the heck is developing crash ! Traveler 's Tales -LRB- Yeah ! I was surprised too ! -RRB- or Konami or Whatever ! Make your own handheld crash ! Sorry sonic ! This is the one game of yours that I hate ! -LRB- Although I have n't tried the handheld for NGPC -RRB- By the way , if you like Sonic Team , try the game they tell you about all over SA2 ! -LRB- You 'll see ! -RRB-
 This game reminds me of sonic on the gamegear . the gameplay is nowhere near as good as it was on the genisis , and the levels have very little replay value . do not get this game unless you are ghey or wish to be dissapointed .
 THis game is really bad . im a big sonic game fan . The game could have been sooooooooo much better . You are better off getting any other games like legacy of goku or something like that . The minute i turned this game on i could tell that it was bad . I finally beat the game and i was so glad that the game was over . Its HORRIBLE in all
 This game is too short , only 6 zones . There are 4 characters but the zones are exactly the same whatever the character . It took me one hour to beat with Sonic , and after 4 hours I had done it all.Worse , the bonus stages are hidden in silly places -LRB- on Genesis you just had to find 50 rings and hit a respawn pole -RRB- and the bonus stages are extremely tedious . They look like sonic2 bonus stages , but you can only go straight.Finally , the game play is like on Genesis except for the map design and the useless grind move -LRB- unfortunately , you can use it only 5 times in the whole game !!! -RRB- . Oh , and the fire and water shields are missing . Most important , Sonic2 and 3 were much better because when knowing the zone you could run non-stop . In Sonic Advance there is always an ill-placed monster or spikes . And sometimes you 're stopped by a wall just after speeding a loop -LRB- zone1 -RRB- . The music is horrible.Overall it 's a 2D Sonic Game , so it 's still good . But why could not they match the 10 year old Genesis games ? Maybe they do n't care , you 'll buy it anyway .
 THis game was ordered used and it did not work , it would play but not save the data , so to the player it was useless . I did not bother to try to return it because i do not feel that Amazon cares once a customer purchases , I formed this opinion from past experiences with trying to resolve an order issue with amazon , if it doesnt work , then you are just unlucky and stuck with it .
 What 's the big deal with this game ? It 's not fun at all . It 's way too fast . I mean , Sonic Adventure 2
 I was very disappointed in the game play and character design . Most of all , with the wealth of characters to choose from in the entire Sonic franchise , what possessed The-Powers-That-Be to introduce new characters such as this moronic , little pink hedgehog with a pink mallet that emits little red hearts ?
 i got this game about 2 weeks ago . just yesterday i beat the whole game ! thats right the whole game . i did n't play for 12 hours just an hour a day . even the mini game Choas garden where you take care of a little blue thing . to feed or give it toys you have to go and get coins from it 's retard games like memory , barney style and rock , paper , scissors variation . i sold the game today for 15 dollars to a 7 year old . i know 15 dollars , well that 's about how much it 's worth . Amy is a `` hedge hog '' but does n't do the spin thing sonic does . instead she has a hammer which does about the same damage as sonics moves . Knukles glides through the air and climbs walls . tails flies but for thorty seconds . and sonic well yeah spin moves . i would give it -5 but stars do n't go that low . DO NOT BUY IT OR TRADE FOR ANYTHING ! IT SUCKS . 11/14/02
 THIs game is not good.you can not save , or give continues.which as a sonic fan are sad about.The CHARACTERS have not a lot of good powers .
 Sonic Advance is probably one of the worst games I 've ever played . The game only has about 8 levels , all of which are simple , repetitive and tiresome after only a couple plays . The characters are awful and add nothing to the gameplay . The only goals in the game are achieved through completing impossible skydiving missions that are incredibly frustrating . I have wasted too much time playing this horrible game . Do yourself a favor and avoid this game at all costs .
 YO man i thought after buyin sonic games for dreamcast it would be better . its almost identical to the genisis version as well . if ur lookin for a real good game this isnt for u. buy somethin like golden sun or dbz : legecy of goku . maybe its me i like rpgs better . but this games not as good as nintendo could of made it . im a skater who likes rpg 's and instant messanger.PPPPPPPEACE OOOOOOOOOOOOUT !!!
 I thought this game was going to be an awesome game , but i turns out that its a short and easy game . I guess you can get it if you are going to get sonic adventure 2 Batter for the cube ... but other then that its too short of a game .
 In every level , the characters just run through by themselves and you 're only needed to fight Dr.Robotnik every other game . This game is no challenge , and is extremely repetitive . It is the most boring thing I have ever played .
 This is one of the best Mahjong games among the many that I have owned and played since the late 1980 's . However , this particular product comes with embedded spyware . When my spyware program detected the `` Addon '' module and isolated it in quarantine , the game would not execute . The Addon spyware generated a lot of adware popups and the `` When U Search '' screens giving additional sources of sites to locate the item I was searching for . It was not a dangerous spyware module , just annoying . Once I uninstalled Mahjongg Master , I had no more problems with popups and When U Search . It is unfortunate as I have not found a Mahjong game as good as Mahjongg Master . But I also no longer purchase any eGames .
 The product would not load on my computer , so it was a complete bust . However what should I have expected for one cent plus shipping .
 I got this assuming i would be like the tony hawk2 game but this is nothing like it it has bad control and graphics , i thought this was supposed to be 3D but its just like the game boy color games , my advice to you is buy tony hawk 2 or 3 you 'll have a lot more fun .
 This game has no obstacles ! It wears out your thumbs . You need a good memory to remember all the tricks.The few good things about it are , it has a training camp and it is long.Don ' t buy this game unless you have a good memory , have tough thumbs and you do n't like obstacles .
 this is not a very good game it is very hard to control so i got it for 4 dollars so i guess that was worth it but dont bye it its a wast of moeny keep your moeny
 I wrote a review praising this game before , but that was cuz I had n't seen any screens shots of it ... This game stinks ... It has the graphics of a Game boy Color Game !!! The only improvement is that it has more color.I suggest that you buy Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2 ... It IS 3D just like Tony Hawks pro skater 2 for the GBA
 I bought this for my 7 yr old son for his birthday along with the Gameboy Advance console . He beat this game in one week , that 's not even playing everyday or for very long ! He loves the character SpongeBob and in fact enjoyed playing the game but he complained that the game was too easy to beat and quickly got bored with it .
 this game does n't have enough variety and is pretty boring .
 Madden 2002 was not much different then 2001 . They have new rosters and better faces but you ca n't realize that the faces are better . -LRB- what are you going to do instant replay it evertime . -RRB- My opinion keep 2001 and hope there will be an improvement in 2003 .
 IT -LSB- STUNK -RSB- ! its just that simple . Its not worth buying your better off getting madden 2001 . Its cheaper and in my opinion its way better .
 I do not Recomend this game . First of all , if you do things to quickly , the game crashes . The graphics are O.K. , but the computer -LSB- is n't -RSB- . Unless you want to control your player , they are a long way from the ball . Also , occasionally , the quarterback tends to throw to a reciver the computer picks . On defence , the pass defence -LSB- is n't good -RSB- . You can not intercept easy-to-catch passes . And , the man to man coverage is horrible . Personally , I do n't recomend this game .
 Madden 2002 is a big waste of money , it is basically as the same as the previous title . The passing game is horrible , and the defense is worse . Every time a reciever caught a ball open , they score because the defense runs so slow . Keep your money and save it for nfl blitz 2002 ...
 I have had PS2 for a while , and i played this game a lot . I loved it . Then i got xbox , and NFL Fever is 10 times better . I just could n't get over the graphics difference to start , the play selection screen is easier to navigate , and the game is much easier and fun to play .
 I am a big Madden fan but this game is just bad . Madden 2001 is ten times better . there are a couple new cool features on this game but other wise its horrible ! The off season features are exactly the same and there are never any good players . the best player is overall rated 75 . this game is just bad .
 If you are looking for a fun football game that is easy to pick up and not too complicated this is not the one . While the graphics are absolutely amazing and lifelike the gameplay is very difficult . The rookie level is too easy and the next level up is almost impossible to stay close let alone win . Defense is impossible and offense is next to it . I have been playing this game since it came out and still have not defeated the computer once on Pro level . Graphics are great and features are fun , but games are either too challenging or too easy .
 Madden 2001 for PS2 was one of the best football video games I had ever played . So needless to say , I could not wait for Madden 2002 to come out . I was doing some research about Madden 2002 , and I had read noting but good reviews about how the EA Sports team had improved on the 2001 edition . No one could image my disappointment when I play Madden 2002 for the first time . The first change that caught eye was the poor detail on the graphics of the players . They looked like the old block players on earler edition of Madden 1995 on your good old `` Sega Genesis '' . The old verison of play-calling is back/and it 's w/out the players plays . I.E the James Jett slant , Tim Brown hook , etc. . If you played 2001 you will see the differences in the play calling . The game slows down when there are too many players in one area , which does not move the game on one smooth playing control system . The major difference I had with 2001 & 2002 was the gameplay . When I play 2001 I feel like I can interact w/the , by the realistic feel of the game and that allows me to enjoy the game . When I play 2002 I feel like your playing a video game and you can not interact and enjoy the game . Madden 2002 is not worth your ... bucks , you be better of paying -LSB- price -RSB- for Madden 2001 or dust off that old sega and enjoy Madden 1995 . Madden you have just be penalize for making this `` BS '' and you have walk back about 7 years in the sports video gaming world .
 JKDFXHBVR NGCXJVBUHFYWB ERFBFEHFVBR HRUHDFHVBNDN HBJCDSHBFCEHRFH NFVUIFDJTFJN JHUGJKSHNUVUH CVN HREIHF EDSNBCV HFTJHREHFNV NGI9BU5EJTGN HYGTRJIE 78TUHDHN MNJJIFVR N HJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJVF NDFHBHB TRN T4RV TRN3RNJEWDHGM VFCJIGRUHIV RNERH3EFHNJDF VNFKBV , KY , MB NKBGMRTKML , GHJKTR BVL ,6 KJFGNM 6T G YL.MGBFM HGTMBM TH5RL6BG HM TRKOFG MBV K , NGM , B GY MHNJOHTFM G BKMOGFJKLRTKMPHGM M K MNGFKOHGJIBM B JIH YTJONGTJN B NJ MNIJO89U4JIRRE
 This is a sorry excuse for a football game . There is too much attention on graphics and no attention to gameplay . Controlling the players is very frustrating ; they do n't move well and cut backs are a joke to try to do . I threw a bomb on one play and was caught from behind out of nowhere ; that does n't really happen in real football . What I really hate about this game is you have to rely on how your teamates play , ... If you try to turn into a guy and make a play you 'll get burnt . If you wan na play a real football game try NFL 2K for the Sega Dreamcast . That 's the best football game ever . Your in total control . The graphics are just fine and the gameplay is even better . It 's the most realistic game I 've ever played ...
 this game is nothing compared to madden 2001 . do n't waste your money on this game
 What this game lacks , overrides what it has . You still ca n't modify or create your own plays on Offense and it still does n't have the option to start a game in progress from prior years with a set score , with time remaining . -LRB- QBC -RRB- . This game just lacks in the options department , too much missing to get my attention . Ea Sports already had a great Vissual game in 2001 , they had a whole year to load up on options and they droped the ball . If you have Madden 2001 , save your money , youalready have a great game .
 I think I am going to wait for SEGA 's NFL2k2 . It has online play and the players wo n't look like little munchkins . Plus you will be able to play cross platform so whether your friends have The Dreamcast , Xbox , ps2 or gamecube you will be able to play them online .
 Madden 2002 is an improvement over 2001 in many ways , especially graphics . They are crisper , less slowdown . Visually , it 's a great game . I also like the playing modes , the fact that you can draft players uploaded from EA 's NCAA Football game . That 's great that you can bring players up all the way from the college level.But ... as has happened before in the Madden series , we 've taken a step backward in gameplay . I remember in Madden 2001 , I used to have passing dogfights with human counterparts . The passing game would be dominated by whoever wanted the ball more . You HAD to switch to the receiver/defensive back involved in the play , or you would n't make the reception or you would n't keep your opponent from making the reception . The game rewarded you for actually try to make your own plays in the passing game without CPU assistance , making it feel like the best player was winning the battle , as well as making the game more fun.In 2002 , the CPU is superior 9 times out of 10 in a passing play . It 's smarter to let the CPU make plays for you , both offensively and defensively . Therefore , if you are on offense , and you want to run a passing play - you simply push a button to snap the ball , push a button to throw , and hope for the best . If you try and toggle control to the receiver , the CPU defender will beat you to the ball most every time . Also , there have been times when other CPU defenders , who are n't even visible on the screen at screen at the time of the throw , will run underneath the play and intercept the pass , without any buttons actually being pushed by the defensive player . The same problems exist when you 're defending . The CPU controlled offensive receiver will beat you most times . And to make matters worse , in trying to make a play on the ball , you 've gotten yourself out of any position to make a tackle , and the CPU controlled receiver is running for an easy touchdown after the catch . That 's just not fun , and it does n't reward the BETTER player . I 'm a Madden Vet , been playing since 91 , and in the 2002 version , I 'm getting beat by players who have only played the game a handful of times . Rookies of this series should not be able to handle the veterans like this . The people at EA need to go back and look at problems like these before 2003 comes out in the fall . If they do n't , then I 'm neither buying the game , or playing it .
 I 've alway 's been a Madden fan until last year when I played the NFL2K1 . I bought the Madden 2001 and played it . It was alright but it was just lacking something . I bought the Madden 2002 and it 's the same thing . Madden is boring and unrealistic . EA Sports does to much of the graphic BS and to less of realistic football . I bought the NFL2K2 by sega also and if you like football games I promise you you wo n't be able to put this one down . The players movements are much more realistic than Maddens and the game play is much better than Madden . I do n't know if I 'll ever buy another Madden game after playing Sega 's sports lineup . All the Sega sports games have been better than any others that I have played on the playstation 2 .
 I 'm really trying to figure out if all of the `` 5 star '' reviewers have actually played this game , or if this is their first football game.I 've had the game for a while , and have played 2 full seasons with it , one of which I took the Giants through an undefeated season to win the Superbowl.One of my main complaints is the way the computer will cheat . I know EA tries to claim how realistic the game is , and it is pretty realistic . Your team is goverened by the laws of physics , the computer is n't . If the computer needs a touchdown you 'll see see a crummy tight end diving 10 + yards to catch a tipped pass , then get up , break 4 tackles , and run 45 yards -LRB- outrunning my secondary -RRB- for the score.Defensive tackles and nose guards will run down the fastest running back as he heads to the flats with the ball . Blitzing safeties and cornerbacks will knock over a 300 lb offensive lineman like a rag doll . I 've yet to see any team I 've played with pick up the blitz in a decent way , while your blitzes are usually picked up and exploited.Why bother witht he cointoss ? Out of 50 games I 've won the toss less than 10 times.It 's just unbelievable.The `` Challenge '' feature is great , but in 50 or so games I 've played , I 've yet to see a challenge work out if my favor ! The computer more than once has caught passes with one foot in bounds and the other out of bounds , and the challenge does n't overturn it . Come on EA , give us something better than a fancy way to burn a timeout.Fumbles when the QB 's arm is going forward in a pass , spotting the ball on the 1 yard line when the computer is hammered for a safety , oh - do n't forget the fumble on the punt return that you ca n't pick up and the computer gets and returns for the TD.IS THERE ANY WAY TO GET THIS GAME TO DETERMINE THE OUTPUT OF THE GAME BASED ON THE TEAM 'S SKILL AND YOUR PLAYCALLING?The thing that really makes the game a bust is the instability . It occasionally freezes and forces you to reset the console.EA really should spend more time building quality into the game rather than fancy replays that get annoying after a few games .
 this was n't good at all it got to confusing and u could n't know what to do
 WHAT NO ONLINE PLAY ???? As an avid fan of football video games , I must admit that I will stick with the slightly inferior Sega NFL2K2 simply because I can play online with NFL2K2 . Until EA develops online play for Madden , I will stick with the Sega NFL 2k ? series , even with the Xbox . Online play is redefining the football video game genre ... c'mon EA , get with it !
 The Bob the Builder show appeals to my not-yet literate 3 year old.I think this game is poorly conceived and executed becauseit requires the user to read several things before they can play anything with this game.Once my son is reading , I 'm fairly certain he will no longer be interested in Bob The Builder .
 Everything about this game looks fun and interesting . I , however , personally find it unplayayble . Too much happens too fast in too many areas , often out of sight or control . Without direct control from the player units behave `` stupidly '' and are annihilated . There is a line between realism and playability and this game has crossed it . I enjoy a challenge , but the ability to slow game action and much better AI for the units to function independently would minimally be required to make this game fun . IMHO fun is the point of playing games .
 After finishing the Myst series , I was looking for another puzzle-type game and got this one . The puzzles in this game encourage random clicking , a sort of exhaustive search of every possible combination of inventory item with every interactive character . That 's dumb -- I bought a puzzle game so that I could use my brain ! Also , the scenes plod along with weak attempts at humor and character development . Pretty disappointing .
 Wish I had read the reviews first ! Faulty program can not be read by computer at all . I spent an hour trying to no avail . Will contact Amazon ?
 The game was great the first time we played it , then it did n't work , the company would n't return my calls so I returned it to amazon .
 I received a disk with the freddie the fish cover . When i attempted to put the game on for my twins , the disk could not be read .
 If you like to spend hours equipping magic , Guardian Forces , and with that Junctioning System ... this is your game.The dependency on Guardian Forces is annoying . I 'll admit they have stunning graphics but it does n't make up for the fact that you always have to use them and there is no option to skip the long animation sequences ; they are well done , as I said , but it becomes repetitive after watching Shiva coat everything in ice for the 2,348 th time!Another down-side is the high-res characters on the low-res , PSX backgrounds . It is superb watching Squall preform a limit break on a truly magnificent looking foe ... but wait ! There 's a pixel the size of Texas blocking his way ! Wait ... that 's supposed to be a rock.The FMV 's are fluid and life-like with special attention to detail such as the reflections on the dance floor . Anim&eacute; style hair and faces give it that Final Fantasy touch that we know and love.The Storyline , though linear , is deep and involving as all Final Fantasies are.All in all , it is a game just barely fit to hold the Final Fantasy title . But , of course , that 's only my opinion .
 I am a lover of rpgs , but when I bought this game , I couldnt help but to think that something went horribly wrong with square . The graphics were astounding , the beginning part of the game was totally fun . By the time I got to the end of the second disk I was bored , but I pushed on , hoping to see the ending . I have been on the 4th disk for 5 months now because of how extremely boring the game is . When I bought the Final Fantasy Anthology for my Playstation , and re-played FF6 , I wondered how square was so good on the earlier FF 's , but stunk on 8 . This games music gets a C , but that 's only because lagunas battle theme was cool . It makes you wonder what happened to nobuo uematsu when he wrote the music on this game . Just where is the `` Fantasy '' now ? There is no fantasy . I may be mistaken , but Final Fantasy 's prelude , the crystal theme , was never played once during this game , not even the begginning . This game is nothing but eye candy ! Thank * god * FF9 will be returning to its roots !
 I have played all of the other Final Fantasies , and I was sorely disappointed with FF8 . The game play was confusing , especially with the use of magic , and the plot and story line just sucked . The story line was so cheesy , numerous times I had to shut the game off and walk out of the room ! The next FF had better be just awesome to make up for this collosal flop !
 This game was merely average -LRB- at best -RRB- . It was only good enough to keep me playing -- which is not very good , giving the current game famine . The juncture system and the magic system needlessly waste hours of time . Everytime you get new magic , find a new GF or change characters -- which happens FREQUENTLY throughout the game -LRB- magic is obtained by drawing it from monsters or from draw points -RRB- you have to stop for a few hours and reorganize . Furthermore , using the juncture system , you you can only obtain 100 units of magic . You do n't want to use this magic on enemies because it is `` junctured '' to your status -LRB- strength , vitality , elemental , etc. -RRB- and using it will weaken you . Also , there is less reward for fighting monsters -LRB- you do n't attain magic from leveing up -RRB- and you do n't attain money from fighting -LRB- instead you basically recieve a pay check every so often -- $ is depedent on your seed rank -- which you can obtain by taking tests -RRB- . Even if you did recieve money from fighting , you ca n't buy anything interesting , -LRB- i.e. armor , weapons -RRB- only items -LRB- tents , potions , etc -RRB- . I miss the elements that play off good ole ' american materialism -- damn red japanese -LRB- kidding -RRB- . Anyways , the story was average , characters were average . Do n't bother unless you are really bored .
 I was anticipating this game since the ff7 . I 'm also sorry to say that it was the biggest let down i ' v ever had . The game graphicly is astounding , the fmvs and charactor designe is spectacular . The mini pocketstation game was a nice touch , but thats where it stops . The game itself is losely strug together with no real central plot . The music is below par -LRB- except for the chocobo song -RRB- and often gets anoying durring play . The battles draw on and on litteraly . the draw magic system is horrible ! most boss battles are spent drawing the magic from the enimies taking usually over 30 minutes . I never beat the game because i was too board by the final disk . If you really want a great RPG then buy Grandia , Lunar SSS or the sims . So in ten words or less
 Pros - Good graphics , 1st diskCons - Poor sappy story line , poor music , watching the GF summon sequence for the 1,000,000,000 TIME , Poor charicter development , too easy 2nd 3rd and 4th disk.I 've played squaresoft games for a good 8 years enjoying their wonderful games such as FF 1 , 2 -LRB- 4 -RRB- , 5 , 3 -LRB- 6 -RRB- , 7 , tactics -LRB- the irony of tactis is that it is n't very tactical , but thats another story -RRB- , Chrono Trigger , ect . So i was expecting great things out of FF8 . After watching the opening scene i was hooked , at least i thought , When i started summoning the GF 's i was delighed at the graphics . But about half way through the 1st disk i relised that I HAD TO FIND MY OWN WEAPONS ! At this i was very suprised , this puts the emphsis on useing magic and GFs to beat your enemy . Well this seemed all good untill about 1/2 way through the second disk when i had to watch ifrit and shiva for the umteenthmillion time . On top of the repition of battle scens , story line tends to center around one very simple concept . Get Riona , loose Riona , Find Riona , Save Riona , Loose Riona et cetra , et cetra . Poor charaicter developmentn other than Riona -LRB- who is more ditzy than anything -RRB- leaves you with a feeling of , emptyness . And finally the game is soooooooooo , easy . I beat the game in 3 weeks only playing on friday nights and saturdays . Leveling up is almost pointless since the enemies are always somewhere around your level , any vet . of RPGs should n't have a problem with maybe 85 % of the enemies faced . The hardest part of the game is finding the white ship ! Overall the game lacks in many departments and it seems square just gave up on many aspects of the story to give the game good graphics . The game would be decent if square never put out the 2nd 3rd and 4th disks
 I know that a lot of people really want to believe that this is a good game . I was once one of the faithful too.Final Fantasy 8 is just plain ridiculous . Here is a simple explanation for this uncharacteristic phenomena . It is a movie that has a little bit of gameplay inserted . You seem to have almost no control over the game for the first disk . You are constantly having to wait for slow moving , automated character animations and boring dialogue . Your character is only sporadicly under your command . You move a few feet , throw a switch , and presto ! Another pointless animation sequence which robs you of any feeling of real accomplishment . If you keep yourself healed , and utilize the guardian forces -LRB- cool for the first time , infuriating after that -RRB- , the game will play itself with little or no help from you.The graphics are pathetic . They remind me of Kings Quest -LRB- you know what I am talking about ! -RRB- The sound -LRB- midi ? -RRB- , I mean come on . My old school NES had better music than this game offers.Here is the one cool part . The cinematic scenes . That 's it . You waste hours of your time in some pathetic addictive persuit for more of these audio visual masterpieces . Right from the start of the game , you are hooked . I think that a lot of people really liked the cinematic sequences . So much , in fact , that they had to justify wasting there time with this game by giving it a positive review . Here is the real deal . The cinema scenes and story are good . The game itself is absolutley pathetic.I just really wanted to see those movies too ...
 This is THE worst final fantasy game ever . Besides the graphics this game has a terrible storyline none of that famous final fantasy music and im just not interested . I definitely recommend final fantasy 7 over this -LRB- which would probably be the BEST game I 've ever played -RRB- .
 1 . -RRB- WHY THIS GAME IS INFERIOR TO PSX VER.ok , not that i liked the psx version , but i played it , and this verison is far worse . The backgrounds , characters , items , menus , all look like a poverished 3rd world country version of the original . Id bet my life that ea did this to save money
 Final Fantasy VIII was ok . It had great movie scenes , but an AWFUL battle system . It takes at least 20 minutes to complete a battle and thats just for one bad guy ! I bought this game thinking I 'm going to love it . I was wrong . My advice do n't get it unless you 're desprate for a game and I mean desprate !!!
 I guess if you like to have variety in your RPGs , you can play this game to help you figure out the good RPGs from the bad ones on the PC . I 'll admit , this is a nice game ... on the PSX . But on the PC , it does n't compare to Fallout , Baldur 's Gate , Planescape , Septerra Core , or numerous other RPGs on the PC . The dialogue sucks , the plot is more or less a re-hash of FF7 , the battles take WAY too long , and the music is horrible when compared to earlier Final Fantasies . If you want a better console RPG on PC , go get FF7 .
 The Final Fantasy series has been steadily declining in worth since FF6 . Squaresoft now seems to rely on ` pretty boy ' villian such as Sephiroth and What 's - his-name from this game . The plot of the last two games was just plain bad . The GF system in this game was extreemly annoying . Why play this when GOOD games like Baldur 's Gate are out there ? My advice is to avoid this game like the plague and save your money for something else .
 After the genius of FF6 -LRB- FF3 in America -RRB- and the brilliance and intrigue of FF7 , this is EASILY the series ' biggest letdown . Final Fantasy6 and 7 were succesful for many reasons , one of which was intriguing storyline and likeable characters , both of which the game fails at . After playing it for only a few minutes , you 'll probably think or wish -LRB- as I did -RRB- the following
 this game spans 4 cd 's . it stats off good but is vary deceaving . it has a poor system for battle . the system entails a GF-Gardian force system . much like that of a elemental calling . although it takes nothing from you hp or mp . infact you dont have magic points . any magic you heve is baught or drawm in battle from enemies.i made it about the third cd and found myself draging through it . it lost all its intrest at this point . i took out the cd and put the game away.the only good thing this game does now is collect dust so my baulders gate cd case stays nice .
 When I originally saw the demo for this game I figured it would be the best in the series . Boy was I wrong . I have been playing Final Fantasy for a while and always thought that they kept getting better and better with time . That is until I played this latest version . This game had an extremely dull plot -LRB- unless you are 10 years old -RRB- that was translated horribly into english . The characters are just too dramatic for my taste . The women in this particular game are also just too `` feminine '' all the time . They are supposed to be soldiers not whimsy schoolgirls . Another Bad point is that the dialogue scenes are just absolutely too long and too common . My first six hours of gameplay was about 1 hour of battles and 5 hours of nonplayable character interaction that was tottaly unneccesary and meaningless . That is unless squaresoft wants the player to become frustrated and just throw the discs out of the window . All in all the graphics were good and the FMV 's were well done but in no way make up for the lack of plot and the overdone dialogue and dramatics . If you can help it skip this installment of FF . Hopefully the next will be better .
 The Playstation has a 33mhz proccersor , 2 megs of ram , no hard drive space , and runs a game that requires a pentiumII 266mhz . I just ca n't update my pc , the game itself is good , but when it plays like it was in slow motion on my machine , then you should n't buy it for the pc .
 Final Fantasy VIII was ok . It had great movie scenes , but an AWFUL battle system . It takes at least 20 minutes to complete a battle and thats just for one bad guy ! I bought this game thinking I 'm going to love it . I was wrong . My advice do n't get it unless you 're desprate for a game and I mean desprate !!!
 Without the technical problems present in the PC version this game is probably an average 3 star game at best . Before I anger the loyal fan base I 'll explain the problems with the PC version . The most glaring problem with the PC version is the midi music . There is nothing like listening to the shrieking , butchered , Balamb Garden theme , at 425 rms watts + 120 rms powered sub in pro logic on a home stereo system . -LRB- Yamaha RXV-795a -RRB- The music on the PC version is almost unbearable . I have a Soundblaster Live Sound Card and I 'm sure that was n't the problem . Using Microsoft Synthesizer is a terrible mistake in this day of wavetable synthesis , soundfount midi and xg midi . -LRB- Using midi at all is baffling . CDs have been around since 1985 and DVDs with space for the extra audio and data have been around since 1997 -RRB- That is unexcusable and that was only the start of my trouble with the PC version . The graphics might have been acceptable , especially those sweet cut scenes but the FF8 graphics engine would not cooperate with my 3d Prophet SDR GeForce 256 based graphics card . The horizontal lines across the screen made playing with any kind of hardware acceleration impossible . Software mode is a slide show on my 650 mhz Athlon . I must say that the sound effects were fantastic though . So technically you have a game with great looking movies , great sound effects , horrible midi music , and a GeForce specific horizontal line defect . Even without the horizontal lines the backgrounds are 320 * 240 stretched to 640 * 480 resulting in a less than pleasing grains . As in Final Fantasy 7 the graphics were not re-rendered and the result is resolution locked in at 640 * 480 . This game technically is worse than the playstation version in both graphics and sound . It boils down to whole bunch of money for a boatload of trouble . -LRB- Incuding the cost of a PC plus the cost of the game -RRB- The game itself is mired with tons of gameplay flaws . Like FF7 this sequel has emotion but what you have to do to get to the point when you get to actually experience that can be at times tedious . The weapons are too weak and the Guardian Forces are too powerful . I found myself entirely giving up on weapons and using Guardian Forces constantly . In a game in which you try to evoke human emotions through human interaction why are you making the players resort to using non-human entities over and over and over and over again . Square Soft wrote a story and left out the game . I am a big proponent of have a great and entertaining story in a video game but the gameplay has to be at least bearable . It 's not interesting to watch the same animation for literally hours . I only made it to disk two and stopped playing the playstation version . -LRB- In hopes the PC version would be improved in some way -RRB- I returned the PC version to whence it came from after an attempt to solve the GeForce defect . This game is Playstation Passable with some patience but is PC Pathetic . Do n't even bother buying it . Wait for Final Fantasy 9 or the feature film due out in 2001 . Square seems to be good at the video . Their games show that . -LRB- Perhaps , to a fault -RRB-
 Though considered a classic by many , FF8 raises the question `` Is it really worth it ? '' The first good RPG I played was FF7 . After playing FF7 I went on to purchase FF5 ,6,8 , and 9 . A great disappointment was my purchase of FF8 . The game was lacking in its fantasy like elements . The opening to the game was very impressive and caught my attention immediately . The games graffics were mediocore and the battle system was missing great features from the first game . They replaced them with the junction system which drew all the fun out of the game . Overall if you look beyond its flaws , weak story line , and pointless plot ideas and misselaneous missions ypu have a , well bad game .
 I played this game with my friends and I ended up getting in trouble . I had played the original `` Sim '' games with my dad and we both enjoyed them , but this ... this ... well , I really do n't know what this is . I saw things like female nudity and gross humor , but I suppose you have to make games over the top to sell them.-Ben Russell
 The game sounds fun and very innovative , but it is very addicting . My 23 year old daughter has it and it causes many family fights . Her stupid ex-boyfriend bought it for her and it uses up too much of her valuable time . She is a senior at a major university and I think she is studying , but I check her laptop and the game is playing . She 's really mean and cranky when she wakes up at noon and I suspect it 's because she played it for most of the night . I hate this game . People need real lifes - not fantasy computer , simulated ones . Buy it for your kids at your own risk .
 not a bad game by any means , but the Nintendo 64 versions are just so much better . I would rate this game 2 stars .
 First of all this game is possibly the worst game ever made , in my opinion . Sure it has it 's moments of pleasure ... but so does defecating . After a few hours of playing this trash it starts to become repetitive and monotonous . I found most of the levels to be tedious and annoying instead of challenging . This game -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- lacks a basic structure of varying difficulty . Any self respecting gamer would be doing themselves a diservice by purchasing this peice of garbage . Do n't even waste your time renting it . Take it from a fellow gamer . `` Do n't support mediocre game making '' , We can do way better than this .
 Ohhhhhhhh jeeze where do i begin ? THis game is just so horribly done that i cant believe anyone would actually ENJOY pl ; aying it . HOLY COW !! but being an opptimist i have to find good in everything and there is good in this game . I loved the hillarios things people say , for example `` THey eat with their mouths ? I think I 'm going to be violently ill ! '' and `` MOOOOOOOOO -- = - Primitive , yet profound ! '' haha but the rest of the game was horrible .
 What starts off as a fun , amusing game eventually turns into a typical checkpoint type save disaster . As opposed to using creativity to add challenge to the game , the designers decided to use repetition instead . Although it is not true checkpoints as such , but rather you simply can not save a mission until you complete multiple objectives . At first this is not a problem , but towards the middle of the game you suddenly find yourself trying to do the same thing over and over again . Perhaps if you have the memory of a three year old , you may find this to be exciting and fun . However , if you have anything more upstairs , you will quicky tire of this waste of your time . It would n't be so bad if it was n't such a large amount of time that you are sometimes set back . You may finally complete two objectives and be working on your third when you get killed and have to start over from the very beginning . This is not creative . This is not challenging . This is simply repetition . It 's a shame too , because this game could have been a lot of fun .
 I got this game off the discount rack at Wal-Mart . I enjoyed the ads for it . The game itself was n't as exciting as I thought it wouuld be .
 As a consumer of all the EA Franchise , I was highly disappointed with the latest release . No saving , difficult controls , etc , , , , After attempts to get through various parts of the game , I decided that having to repeat my last 20 min of progress was simply not worth my time . For the first time , I bought the game the day of release . I returned it the next .
 It looks like EA games put too much stock in reviewers of the previous MOH series . Medal of Honor , Rising Sun , was badgered by complaints of `` no strategy '' and stupid enemy AI . Even still , it became a Playstation 2 `` greatest hits . `` Many of us who like FPS games are n't interested in stealth , tactics etc. . We want guns , bullets , and more guns . Rather than more complicated game play , this game could have been helped by1 . -RRB- More intense violence .2 . -RRB- Bigger , better explosions .3 . -RRB- More gunfire .4 . -RRB- Better graphics.Having to keep other troops alive is just a pain in the rear , IMHO . The European theatre is getting old as well . I 'd like to see a bigger , better version of what Rising Sun tried to accomplish . That is , fighting in the WWII pacific theatre .
 okay so the graphics are descent but this game irritates me because of the historical inaccuracy . since when was there an american in a British comando unit . and in the africa campaign they would be no way they would ever let an american in to the desert rats . they were completly british . and in russia they did n't even trust the americans never have probably never will . and the game posts no dificulty i beat it an two hours . okay before you say i have no life you should rent it and see how easy it is . its too simple . if you like games where you go around killing things and games that have no point this game is for you .
 EA really sucks these days . They just make a bunch of mediocre sequels with minimal improvement , and set the marketing machine in motion . That is what they did for European Assault . The original MOH was good for its time , but with the capabilities of the PS2 , this game should be much better . It is n't . This is a game that is lacking in both of the key aspects of any game , the single-player and the multiplayer modes . There is only one short single player campaign , and it is n't that great . Really , the only good campaign this game had was the marketing campaign . So that leaves the multiplayer , the heart and soul of any good shooter , and the weakest part of this one . The multiplayer aspects of this game are very limited . There are very few weapons and characters and you can not unlock more in single player . There are only a few game modes , and there is no online support or networking support . The only way to play against your friends is with old school split-screen . It seems there has been little progress in this series since the original MOH came out for the PS1 .
 This is just a rushed game , plain and simple . This feels like a game that would have been a good starting point , but not a game in the later part of a console cycle with a great pedigree as Medal of Honor . The bargain price and lack of advertisement sort of confirms the amount of effort used to produce the game.The first thing that shocked me was no mid-mission saving or checkpoints . Huh ? Did I suddenly get transported to the mid nineties ? If so , remind me to buy some stock and housing . You die in the end of an hour long mission , you start the hour long mission from the very beginning ! The only reason any game would not have constant saves is to mask the lack of playable levels by making the gamer repeat stuff over and over again . And , yes , that is the case here . What 's really shameful is that the previous game in this series actually did have saves . I was near the end of the last level , about to complete the game when I died by a surprise rush of people . I am not going to waste another 50 minutes of my life to work on five minutes of gaming.The other things that this game lacked that the previous game -LRB- Rising Sun -RRB- had is online and co-op play . There is a multiplayer , but there are no robots . So , unless you have a multi-tap , it 's one on one . That is not much of a multiplayer at all.There only 11 levels total . The first 6 are really just half the length of the latter 5 . The look of the levels are usually dreary and monocolor at best -LRB- brown for the desert levels , white for the last 5 snow levels -RRB- , and are just really dull . All in all , if you played all levels well and never had to repeat any part of a level , you 'd have a grand total of about 7 hours of game play . Making this a rental if you really want to play this.Other problems also exist in the game play . The first is that for some reason , after killing a person , ammo will appear but disappear really soon . This leaves the player with a dilemma , run to the ammo and die in the open , or really have no ammo and be a sitting duck . The squad that you `` control '' is a laughable joke . The AI that controls it is terrible . You will be hiding , pinned down , and your three squad mates will run around like head-less chickens right in front of machine gun fire . Complete idiots . Also , there are other bad aspects , like the introducing a cliched boss . Do n't get me started on the tedium of grenade throwing . Random times , the aiming just would not work . Up close shooting is terrible . Many times , enemies will sometimes shrug off direct hits . I could go on and on.There are some good points though . Levels 8 , 9 , 10 , are actually pretty playable - well designed and somewhat fun . The sound is amazing . The game mechanics are spot on . Individually , the controls reward cautious , thoughtful game play . Given a few more months of development and fine tuning , a great game could have been produced . The game engine is there.Pros : Good general playing mechanicsGood soundGood engineCons : No save at any point of the missionNo co-opNo onlineHorrible squad matesNot many missionsDisappearing ammos/Lack of ammoMonochrome like levelsBad aimingBosses , why?Hours to complete - 12 hoursFrustration Level -LRB- on normal -RRB- - HighDifficulty -LRB- on normal -RRB- - Medium/High
 MEDAL OF HONOR
 I was really disappointed in this game . For one your squad members never listed to you when you issued a command and they ran around where they pleased . There were hardly any check points in the game and especially in the last level where you played for over a half hour and at the very end if you are n't on the ball and get killed you have to start over again . I like the first medal of honor and I know there a lack of check points there but captures what WWII may have been like . I see that there is a new Medal coming out called Vanguard and hesitant about trying it but will .
 MOH series has fallen on it 's face with the past two entries . Rising sun sucked and so does European Assault . I 'll give that this one is better than Rising sun but that 's not saying anything . The gameplay is simple and bland . The A.I. is retarded . Boring missions and your sqaud is a useless feature . The MOH series needs a serious boost if it wants to ever have success again .
 When i got this game o was so excited as i had played the first medal of honor
 in this review , im going to explain why this game is not for me . one thing i would like to say is that i only bought the game for the iron sights . i couldnt find another one that did . i got this game for free 2 cause of swagbucks . this game is aight to mess around with , not a really good game to own , more of a rental , but , its good cause i paid less than 5 bucks for it . mostly on shipping .
 A OK game . The missions are OK . But some of it is complrtrly screwed up . You now have to defeat a bose every level that is 10x more powerful than anything else -LRB- he can take like 2 rocket hits . -RRB- All the melee attacks are bassicaly the same . And you 're squad is made up of people from a retard house . The multiplayer is OK , only if you have LOTS of people . The overal game is alright , but just needs some tweaking .
 The photos are not representative of the product . This product is very out of date and will not work on any windows opeating systems that are 64 bit . Do not buy this product !
 The sellers description of the game leads you believe that it will work on the newer computers . The words used were `` works or windows 2000/me/xp 32 bit or higher '' . If you have windows 7 with a 64 bit , it does not work . False advertisement .
 Frist of all there is two resoans why this game got me mad . Frist the diffaclty you only get one or rarely get 2 cheack points and the levels are long and if you die you start either from the beging or you have to start by the check points and the cheack points are your 1/4 through the level . The other reason is to start all over when you die or go th the middle beging of the level . Then when you keep dieing and keep on doing the same parts and levels in the game you get sick of it and dont play it . Good try for a good shoter on the ds . Buy splinter cell caois thery for ds than golden eye .
 When I first bought this I thought `` Woah this must be cool '' . But when I played it I lost so many times and it killed half of my brain cells so now I do n't know what 1 + 1 is ... Then I got so angry I poured water on it , stomped on it , threw it at the wall , then snapped it in half ! So save your money and buy Kirby
 This game sucks !!! The gameplay is so very boring ! It would be fun if it was n't for -LRB- ... -RRB- controls ! The controls are a 0 out of 10 !!! How can you honestly play a game with one of the worst controls I have ever seen ... and I have the Nintendo 64 , Super NES , and even the NES !!! -LRB- First Nintendo System Ever !!! -RRB- I also have GBA and GBC ! Do you like moving and not seeing you are even going !!! It takes about a minute to move the -LRB- ... -RRB- camera !!!
 Game is horrid.Multiplayer is only fun thats because its 50 % game , 50 % LOLing @ how much the game sucks .
 I tried to play this game . the controls dont make sense . i think it is a bogus game.dont waste your money on it .
 The Nintendo DS , as innovative as it is , just ca n't do a few things correctly . It is n't a very good floatation device . It wo n't get you to the moon . It also ca n't handle a first-person shooter . This is very evident in Electronic Arts ' port of Goldeneye
 This is a bad game ! Horrible greaphics , terrible gameplay , and many more!Good 's : - Kinda fun killing-Thats it!Bad 's : - Bad graphics-Horrible controls-missoions boringcant think !
 It is often the case that reviews criticize games for not being what the reviewer really wanted -LRB- `` Why could n't there be more of this or less of that ? '' type of reviews -RRB- That is unfair . However , this game is severely flawed , mostly because of issues with the set-up and execution of the game . The missions , in and of themselves , are interesting enough to make for good game play . I especially liked the Russian missions , as it seems that the Russian World War II experience is largely lacking in video games . But , overall , this game has a `` rushed '' feel to it , as if the developers were hurried along to compete with other games like Brothers in Arms.For example , there is no easy way to save your progress . You are given varying numbers of `` revives '' during a given mission but you ca n't easily quit in the middle of one without losing all of your progress . So , if you are killed within a long campaign , you are forced to start all over again . Likewise , the squad based component is preschool-esque when compared to that of Brothers in Arms , and your squad often gets in your way during heated battles or stands by next to an enemy that kills you . Finally , the multiplayer aspect has no cooperative level and is really no great improvement on previous multiplayer parts of first person shooters.This game makes for an interesting afternoon but does n't really have the `` umph ! '' to make it worthy of repeated play !
 Send a message to the makers of MOH to stop putting out these crappy games buy not getting this game . Only Frontline was any good , and they seem to be resting on their laurels now . European Assault is repetetive , the AI reacts predictably , and the squad commands are limited and pointless . The areas of combat are based in reality , but the missions and battlefields are made up , id rather play Wolfenstein if i wanted that crap . Look , 5 years ago this might be a decent game , but since all the other WW2 games have come out like Call Of Duty , and the phenomenal and authentic Brothers In Arms have come out , it makes it seem that much worse . I dont usually write reviews for anything , but i felt especially passionate about this game .
 Gentlemen . - Amaz&oacute;nMistermoney CarePresent.On April 9 , 2011 , at their prestigious site buy this game for Xbox 360 video game called Mistermoney Medal of Honor European Assault , in fact , a day earlier , on April 8 , 2011 purchase a 4 GB Xbox 360 Console With Kinect , Tuesday May 13 , 2011 was that I got the majority of my packages from this game Medal of Honor European Assault , to my disappointment the game but I bought used is not original , but , PIRATA , here in Venezuela is This very common that unscrupulous people and damaging such selling pirated games ... But in the United States of America too ? Please i want the game even USED , but it is original , as the new console to buy and can be verified , rejected the game for not being original.Without further reference to and hoping for good cooperation and giving thanks to the care , goodbye . Vicen Escalona
 stay away from this game it will reel you in and never truley let you go , seriously!im not joking , this is the game puts a new meaning to the MOH series ... lame , dumb , and stupid.Surly if you have never played a MOH and you just happen to try one out , and you for some odd reason you choose this one , you will ask yourself `` OK lets see , i went to school , right yeah , yeah but i dont get it i was the smartestone in class , and i always had good jugement and i always put it to good use , i dont see what went wrong , this LOOKED to be a promising game uh its the worst ever!oo I know i will take it to the back yard and blast it full with buckshot ! , yeah thats good or i could burn it , desisions , desisions ... '' . but let me see this game is so terrible it makes the `` gerries '' whimper because they dont want to be shot , by such idiots with the IQ of a 2 year old broke loose with a thompson ... yeah thats one , maybe its because they arent dying because the ally soldiers cant shoot worth a $ # ! % ... yeah thats probably it.OK lets move on the graphics arent realistic at all , for example CMIS Grimes looks like Big Bird ... catch phrases and all , the voice acting is quite satisfying in a weird way ... the accents are well done so i suppose i cant say anything on that really you know what i mean?though i must say that the middile of the level boss fights are fun but for no more than a few times through , the way the health bar for the boss is designed is really cool.this game is a bit further as far as freedom for a war game you know like the adreniline attack is also really cool.so in closing im just go on and say it so here it is ... F *** IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I fault Amazon -LRB- and myself -RRB- for not emphasizing that this game is for the Xbox and not the Xbox 360 . I did not realize that there was a difference between the two .
 I rented this game after getting Call of Duty 2
 Warning ... this company that says it has this game DOES NOT SHIP IT . I waited next to one month . Sent them several emails with no answers . Phoned and got no response . Then they Canceled order . Looks fantastic and my son was so looking forward to having it . BUT THIS COMPANY DOESNT SHIP THIS ITEMDO NOT USE THEM !!!
 Do not purchase this item unless you know absolutley nothing about baseball . Two stadiums , no season play , can not shift infield or outfield , can not dive for a ball and the graphics are circa colecovision . I was fortunte I was able to return this product . It is a shame , the DS offered so much potential for a baseball game and now we will have to wait who know 's how many years for a new game.I would have been happy if they would have re released Triple Play for the Genesis .
 THIS IS WHAT I 'D LIKE TO SAY -LRB- what I expected -RRB- : Great GraphicsGreat soundAlot of options to doMORE THAN 2 STADIUMS!This is the truth : I just bought 2k7 cuz Im a baseball nut . I thoought It would be good . Boy was I wrong . The options of what to do are post season game -LRB- It 'd be nice to play a regular season first -RRB- , allstar game , home run derby , playoffs and multiplayer . Everyone says there 's only one stadium but there is acually 2 , when you use an ALLSTAR team u get another stadium . You ca n't sign players , and the homerun derby lets you hit homers every pitch -LRB- I HIT 17 BEFORE GETTING OUT WITH A-ROD !!! -RRB- I win every game about 27 to one and they hit A TON of homeruns . It 's easy to get 80 hits per game for your team and I 've cracked 120 hits about six times ! The swing for the .000 hitter is bigger than the one for the .150 hitter . ITS RETARDED !!! OVERALL MLB 2k7 IS A VAGUE , CRUDDY LOOKING PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!
 . . if even that.If this game was priced at $ 10 , then I 'd say go for it and purchase it . Not for $ 20 , no way . And shame on the game producers for even releasing this . Here 's why : - No save feature
 The first foray for a baseball game carrying the MLB license on the DS is here with Major League Baseball 2K7 , and it should have either spent much more time in development or just should have never been made period . The first thing you 'll notice is the lack of options when you first turn on the game . You 'd think a sports game in this day and age would include a season mode , not to mention the ability to trade and release players , sign free agents , and a create a player option too . Well , you get none of that here . Instead , you get to jump into the playoffs , play an exhibition game , and play Home Run Derby . These missing features would n't be so bad if the game itself was n't so annoying to look at , let alone play . Graphically speaking , the DS can pump out some decent looking 3-D graphics that while not perfect , show off what the system can do . MLB 2K7 looks like it just jumped off the Genesis when you squint , and looks even worse when you do n't . Not to mention that all the teams have no differences in terms of uniforms -LRB- how can the Yankees not have pinstripes ? Blasphemy ! -RRB- . Maybe this would n't be so bad either if the game actually played like baseball is supposed to be played , the AI controled team mates and opponents behaved like they should , and the controls were n't incoherently buggy . Yeah , if you ca n't tell by now , MLB 2K7 is easily one of , if not the , worst games you 'll find on the DS . If you 're thinking about picking it up , remember , there is a reason why it 's budget priced . Avoid at all costs .
 absolutely horrible . think of a poor man 's rbi baseball -LRB- nes -RRB- . the speed and play-action is out of whack . the fielding arrangement is silly . there are too many problems to list , but the reviews below do a good job in getting us started . i 'm a huge baseball fan and only have the ds and gamecube systems . the gamecube does n't offer a baseball game this year . but i will be selling this on ebay and go back to playing the 05 mvp on gamecube . thanks , mlb , for your restrictive licensing . the result is one -LRB- and only one -RRB- crappy product .
 No season play , no uniforms , HHOORRIIBBBLLE GRAFIX ... you can barely do anything @ all . ********* WARNING : ********* DONT BUY THIS STUPID GAME !!!! EVERYBODY LOOKS THE SAME - A BUNCH OF CLONES !!!
 My first indication that this was n't going to be a great game was the lack of any kind of season mode/trading/etc . I grudgingly accepted that , due to the limitations of a portable cartridge-based game . Maybe it would be a fun pick-up-and-play game . Nope.The pitcher and batter both move like they 're in slow motion . There are maybe 8-10 passed balls/wild pitches per game . Half the time , the AI fielders wait until a ball hits the ground before they start to chase it . The AI runners almost always wait for a ball to hit the ground before they start to run -LRB- and the baserunning in general is pretty moronic -RRB- . Half of the opposing team 's outs are ground balls to the pitcher . Fielding is disorienting , and there are no dives/leaps/etc . Curve balls break like 10 feet.The only positive thing I can say is that the graphics are decent for a handheld . This game is n't really worth purchasing at any price .
 By FAR the worst baseball video game I 've ever played . There 's really no excuse . It looks like one of the games from the original NES , except without the enjoyable gameplay.Don ' t waste your time or your money .
 Warning , the game you are thinking about buying is NOT a game . At least is should ` nt be . I have never seen such butchering of baseball or video games . I have been playing games for 20 years now and have never seen a peice of junk like this . I have played better on the SNES ! Well here is the review...-PROS-N / A-CONS - * No season mode * Bad players are good , good players are bad * Will not remind you of America 's favorite pasttime * Everybody looks the same * BAD gameplay * When a pitching change is made , for example , a righty stays a righty even if you bring in a lefty . * You have to swing way before you can tell what the pitch is * It has Derek Jeter on the coverSo to sum it all up , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !!! if you do , buy two of them . one to s * it on and one to cover it up with .
 I was n't fooled by Derek 's picture on the cover ; I knew what I was getting into ... the worst baseball game ever . Then why did I by it ? It 's baseball season and there is nothing out there now or seemingly on the horizon.It 's a pick up and play game and since you ca n't save , you can use it to fill in any old time spot you have in your calendar . The only reason to write is to offer a challenge ... give us a worth while , sound baseball game . Feel free to charge $ 40.00 .
 Unfortunately Major League Baseball 2k7 for the DS does n't stack up . The graphics are poor , specifically the pitcher graphics are laughable . The gameplay is fairly week for pitchers and batters . And the lack of a regular season is an odd design choice that I just ca n't understand.Overall , I would have prefered a port of the '95 World Series Baseball for the Game Gear over MLB 2K7 for the DS . Here is to hoping another choice comes to market before next year ...
 Even though I am already a proud owner of a GBA SP , I was nonetheless excited about the GB Player for the GameCube . I looked forward to playing great games like Golden Sun on the big screen . However , when I finally got my hands on one of these , I was sorely disappointed . Quite simply , what looks great on a 2.5 inch screen does n't fare so well on a larger screen . Of course , I knew that going into the purhcase , but I was fooled by the claim that this device employs a customizable amount of `` screen smoothing . '' BE FOREWARNED
 Ok , i was totaly psyched about this . I got it the day of release . I am an avid gamer , own 20 plus gameboy , gameboy color , and gameboy advance games . All the nintendo systems , or most . GB , GBP , GBC x 2 , GBA x 2 , GBASP x 2 , N64 , GCN , I was absolutely stoked about this . I was convinced it would be great . The problem is , its a letdown our of the box . I dont care about the color , at all . Its nice . and if you care that much , have your console painted a complimentary color by colorconsoles.com , Anyway , i got this , and plugged it in , and eagerly popped the disk in the tray . It went downhill from there . To occupy the entire screen , you seriously lose quality , which is mediocre with the border . The images are so dissappointing compared to regular GCN games it makes it not worth playing . 50 bux down the drain , if you ask me . I never , ever use the thing . TOO BAD .
 This was ordered for my daughter and it was very disappointing to know that we ca n't use it because the disc did not come with it :-LRB- Is there somewhere where I can purchase one ?
 If you use the cable to use the gameboy advance as a controller , the words gameboy player appear on the screen , and stay there , after continued use this will burn the words permanently on the screen and eventually bust pixels , ruining your gba screen .
 Well , it 's great in the fact that it puts the gameboy advance game images on the big screen , but there is really no other point to it . I think the idea is a good one , however , normally if I playing my Gamecube , I 'd play Gamecube games and vice versa . There is no difference in game play for any game , and you 've lost the capability to move around . The graphics overall do n't change , only the size . It 's more of a hassle to hook up the Gamecube then to just put it in your SP or DS . This is DEFINATELY NOT A NECESSITY for a Gamecube .
 Why in the world would you need this thing anyway ? Why not just use your GBA XP instead ! I mean , it 's portable and you do n't have to kick someone off the tv to use it ! It 's a waste of money . If you 're not traveling , just play it on your GBA ! Buy a GBA XP , but definitely not this ! Well , it was a good idea of theirs , but that is n't enough to make me give 5 stars .
 i am here thinking i am getting the gamecube as well and the adapter because i see a picture of a gamecube and 1 just get the gameboy adapter and a broken disc . For the money i paid , this is not even worth a glance . DO N'T BUY THIS
 All it does is make the screen big and let 's you play it on your T.V. I think It is a waste of mony !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My god , I ca n't believe what passes as a good game nowadays . Being an extreme fan of the Wing Commander series , as well as other space simulations like Descent Freespace , I was more then ecstatic when I first bought Starlancer . After playing the game for 5 hours , I was disappointed . 2 days later I was downright appalled.Descent Freespace 2 raised the bar for what a space sim should be . Starlancer is nothing more then a colorized version of Wing Commander . Sure , there 's alot of action , and the graphics are purty , but it could have been better - alot better . Actually they should have called it Freespace Lite - For Dumbies.First of all , it 's downright impossible . Even at the easiest setting , I barely managed to finish each level . Why ? The enemies were n't ' that hard to destroy . It had to do with the fact that your ship , no matter which ship you choose , could n't carry anything worthwhile . In Descent Freespace 2 -LRB- DS2 -RRB- , the ships could carry dozens of missiles of various types . In Starlancer , you have 3-7 hardpoints which carry one missile each . Yep , one missile . Except for the screamers , which come in 20 , but they have no lock-on capacity . Imagine trying to kill 10-20 ships each level with 4 missiles . And the worse part is you ca n't reload!And then there 's the fuel . Even though it 's 2160 , you 're still using solid fuel , so if you tend to use the afterburner -LRB- which you need alot because everything is so far apart -RRB- , you 'll have to install fuel pods , which limits the missiles you can carry . So now you 're left with 2 missiles , which makes the game even harder.And then there 's no logic behind it . At the beginning of mission 8 , the enemy carrier is launching torpedoes at your carrier . Your carrier informs you to just attack the fighters and disregard the torpedoes , because their cannons will handle it . Yet 30 seconds later , when enemy bombers jump in and start launching ALOT of torpedoes at your carrier , the carrier begs you to shoot down all the torpedoes before they are destroyed . So you command your wingmen to destroy your bomber , but since they 're so inept , it takes them 15 minutes to destroy 1 bomber . Meanwhile you 're chasing back and forth shooting down torpedoes . I had to replay that mission at least 8 times because the wingmen could n't tell the difference between a bomber and a hair dryer.Communication Remember how in DS2 you had complete control of your wingmen ? In Starlancer you only have three options
 Seeing the screenshots , videos , and general art direction of this game got me quite excited . What I was expecting was an update to Spider-Man 2 with cel shaded graphics and new moves/secrets/characters / etc.What it boils down to is a very short and repetitive experience with little to no replay value unless you like looking for little tokens in a huge , ugly city . If you 're expecting the fine tuned controls and moves from Spider-Man 2 , you 'll be disappointed . You can do anything from the very start of the game , and it 's very little.I would n't even recommend this as a time waster , it 's just an excuse for Activision to rake in some cash .
 The children could not play the game because it was an X-Box game and we have the PSP2 . I have written to the seller/to you guys regarding the game and that I need it changed to Play station 2 , but uptill this moment we have n't gotten any reply untill now that you are requesting for a review . The game is there not played and useless for the children .
 Ultimate Spider-Man started out alright . It was more fun to play Venom than Spider-Man . The problem is that the game because redundent . There are two types of mission aside from the storyline for Spider-man . You have to finish so many mission to advance to the next story plot - either fight a villain or play Venom - . But the missions are all the same you fight some minor criminals that you can take out with three hits without any real damage ; even if they 're armed . The other mission is a race , which can be fun . But fighting the main becomes a problem . Not only are there annoy races to catch up to a villain after he runs - and you ca n't attack him during the chase - . But the way for defeating them becomes the same . You jump around waiting for the point that you can attack for a few hits , jump back , continue jumping around avoiding attacks , hit them again , jump around some more , etc. etc. . It got to the point that fightening the Beetle as Venom was simply frustrating and I lost interest.I would suggest renting this game if anything , but do n't spend the money to buy it unless you actually like it .
 I 'm a huge spiderman fan , but I 'm sorry to say this game was kind of dissapointing . The graphics are great , the story is interesting -LRB- although it kind of leaves everything hanging , not everyone is going to by the next issue of USM to find out what happens -RRB- , the gameplay is good -LRB- too many chase scenes though -RRB- ... BUT ... THE GAME LASTED 5 HOURS !!!! ... that means that each hour of gameplay costs you 10 freaking dollars ... it 's just not worth it .
 This game was horrible . My daughter could wait to get it . we opened the box , she `` played '' it for one minute and hated it . There was nothing to it .
 I ca n't say weather I like the game or not . You see I ordered this game back in Dec. for my child for christmas and to date It has not been shipped . I live in Canada and it does say they can only ship in Canada . I do n't understan it . Three and 1/2 months and my child is still with out the game . I think she will like it when and if it ever gets here . She runs to the post office every day but no package yet . I feel that the public needs to know that you can order but you never know when you will get the game you want .
 I loved the movie Minority Report , and eagerly gobbled up the book as well . However , I expected more from a video game based on my # 2 movie of the year , Your meager three weapons -- A compressed air rifle , pellet shotgun , and spark machinegun -- can only hold one clip , and the auto aim takes all the fun out of combat -LRB- not to mention the fact that you could n't kill people -RRB- . Unarmed combat is n't much better due to hypersensitive controls -- it took me 8 tries to execute a combo in training . The foes are unimaginative and easy , and John Anderton looked nothing liked tom cruise . I ended up getting a little bit of fun out this game by turning on the FPSSTYLE and MRJUANEZ cheats , the beating it in about 10 hours . There are definitely better choices out there .
 I must confess , this game looked pretty cool . ... But when I went to rent a game , I thought of getting this , and than thought some more . What finally got me to rent it was that it said `` Featuring Music by The Apex Theory '' on the back -LRB- a band I really like -RRB- , so I got home and played it . I was n't too terribly impressed with the haggard old beat 'em up gameplay -LRB- at the time I only punched and kicked -RRB- , and the first level was too easy . And another thing that disappointed me was that The Apex Theory 's music was no where to be found except for in a music video you can watch . What 's the point in that ? Anyway , this is n't about The Apex Theory . I tried the second level and died quite a few times -LRB- no game should get so hard on only the second level -RRB- , but I finally beat it , and I just gave up trying on the third level . I just replayed the first level over and over again -LRB- the fighting can be pretty damn fun once you master the combot -RRB- , and I just played the jetpack training over and over again too . Basically , the point in this review is please do n't buy this . ... The only thing impressive about this is killing people and throwing their bodies around the room into random objects and through windows over and over again . Something that , despite how wonderful it sounds , gets old ...
 When I heard of Minority Report the game , I thought it would be a lot like the movie . I was wrong . In the game , cops , guards , and robots try to kill you . Not knock you out kill you . You kill atleast 3000 people . In the movie like 1 guy died . I was disapointed .
 When you sell these games , you should inicate that they only work with older os only.I bought the game and it only works for win 95,98 . I have Vista and Win 7 . I ca n't use them and they 're gathering dust .
 I did ` nt really like this game . Boring ! You can use your steering wheel but the peddles did not work on this game !
 Do n't let any of the good reviews fool you . I was one of the ones who bought the N64 new , and at the time Goldeneye and Cruisin USA were on everyone 's mind . I bought Goldeneye and it was awsome ... as you already know `` Cruisin '' sucked . The graphics and control are pitiful . It 's like the game was put out early to meet a deadline . The cars turn on a dime . -LRB- meaning that the slightest touch on the stick spins you off the road or into oncoming traffic -RRB- I 'm not even sure why I gave this game 1 star , oh well . On a better note , Cruisin World and Cruisin Exotica are excellent . It 's like a totally different company released the two ...
 Although there are video games out there that can wow you , and then there are the duds . Not all racing games seem to be the best behind the wheel . In the case of a video game coming based from an arcade version , it really seems to be alright , but looks are always decieving . In the case of Nintendo 64 , there are very few racing games that really can make it behind the wheel . This is n't really one of them.The 1996 Crus 'n U.S.A. game for Nintendo 64 , seems to be a real miss behind the real wheel . The graphics are very strong , but you are limited down to a certain number of cars to choose from , which is seven , not like the more than dozen that there are in the arcade game . Although the courses seem to be within detail , there are so many flaws , including th frame rate and the style of the game , especially within the tunnels of place like Washington D.C. Nevertheless , the game seem to be a little down and out , but at the time it came out for Nintendo 64 , it was one of only two video racing games for the Nintendo 64 . It is kind of dissapointing that they could n't try to make some better video games with racing at the time , but there are so many better choices to the Nintendo 64 . If you 're really into the racing feel of the Nintendo 64 , I suggest you either get Mario Kart 64 , Rush 2 , or the sequel to Crus 'n U.S.A.
 This game was not even worth buying . In my opinion , Mario Kart 64 was much better than this game . It only has one racing mode with a few courses , and its multiplayer -LSB- is n't good -RSB- . It is easy to beat in the 1 player mode also . This game is not worth its price .
 The frame rate is not so good and the resolution is horrible . If you want a 5 star racing game try Beetle Adventure Racing .
 I always enjoyed playing the arcade version of Cruis 'n USA and I looked forward to playing it when I heard it was coming to the Nintendo 64 . Even the first previews that I saw in Gamepro looked pretty good and loyal to the coin-op version . When I finally played it for the N64 , I was bigtime disappointed . The graphics and sound are the only good parts about the game . The control is not the best and it 's only fun for a few races . What I really did n't like about it is when someone crashes in front of you , you can get stuck behind them with nowhere to go . There is no reverse in this game , leaving you stuck behind a car in the middle of the road with no way to get around it . Cruis 'n World is A LOT better than Cruis 'n USA . I definitely would n't recommend getting this game . If you have to play it , just rent it .
 It is fun to drive across the country once , to see all of the different courses and whatnot , but after that the difficulty levels and selection of cars offer little enjoyment . Lack of four player game is a big negative as well .
 I got Cruisn ' USA about three years ago for my birthday and itties with F-Zero-X ... . Thegraphics -LSB- are not so great -RSB- and the gameplay is too easy and too short . I beat the whole thing in like 2 hours the first day I got it . It is nothing like the arcade version which I have played too . In my opinion , stay away from this one and go for the Sanfrancisco Rush games . Those are real games . Do n't be mislead by the player 's choice label . Alot of people thought this would be better .
 First of all , I just want to say that for the -LSB- price -RSB- you pay for this game , it is n't worth a cent of that money ! Second of all , the graphics are o.k. , but just like olers racing games , it just is n't fun riding down the road , and it does n't even look real ! But , if you like racing games , do n't let my review shy you away , because I do n't like racing games , and maybe this is the game for you . But I never really got into the game myself . Now I 'm going to tell you , if you do n't like racing games , this game is n't going to change your mind ! That 's all I have to say .
 controlling da cars n this game is n't all dat difficult they have a few places i remember going 2 when playin this game they have some ok songs in this game but not enough which makes da songs that they do have n this game boring easily becasue u get tired hearin da same old songs i enjoy hearing da lady talk a little throughout da game but it then gets annoying because u can b so close 2 winning da race then all of sudden her voice appears and slightly distracts u from winning but i love when she says welcome 2 da hall of fame when u have a good time after winning a race u get 2 name ur license plate whatever u like da graphics looks like a bootleg movies a little mix in with 3 d but i understand that this is a old game so i will stop my comments from further teasing da poor graphics from da game creators and that is about it all n all a good game that should be played as look back 2 how cars and da nation looked like n da 90s joe brown
 this game is good for a little kid . crusin world is better
 game did n't work when we got it . bought it used . was too cheap to go to the trouble of sending it back for a refund .
 I really do n't think that you should buy this game . The idea is cool , but it just makes it dumb because it has STUPID graphics . Now this is one of those games where you have basically NO control over your car , and speaking of cars , the cars are all stupid too . If you played this game with the graphics of Rush or something , I would give it a better review . But overall , this game REALLY stinks . I do n't Recommend buying this game .
 I became nostalgic one night , after thinking of my middle school memories of this game . I read all the reviews about the game which were pretty low . I bought it anyway . Personally , I love the game . But if you have never played this game , I would suggest you buy a better N64 title . There is nothing innovative or original about the game . You race fictitious cars heavily inspired or duplicated from real cars like the Corvette sting ray and Ferrari 355 ? You race on tracks with just one path . No shortcuts or side streets . The track curvature and topography varies based on the location theme . San Francisco , US 101 , Hollywood , Arizona desert , midwest , cities etc. . Scenery also changes based on the track location.Light traffic obstructs your path while racing for a challenge . Two player battles are very fun if you want a quick , competitive , but easy going race.If you likecheesy MIDI background musicRidiculous crash and handling physics2-3 minute racesSub par graphicsCar imitationsAnd a lack of tuning/customization , this game is for you .
 Star Fox 64 is a game that leaves much to be desired , this is partly because it is such an old game , but even at that , it still isnt so great ; the gameplay is okay , but the replay value is n't so hot , after a few runs through the game , you get so good at it that it is n't really fun anymore , the sound is n't so great , and the graphics are horrible . My advice is do n't waste your money
 I decided to rent this game after learning about the not-so-cute-anymore Fox McCloud -LRB- Star Fox -RRB- from Super Smash Brothers . Starfox 64 turned out to be the worst game I 've ever played in my life ! There is basically no plot to the game , it 's like Star Wars with animals . The small amount of storyline makes no sense what so ever -LRB- Lylat System , G-Diffusers , mechanical flying apes , silver rings in the asteroid belt ; I DO N'T GET IT -RRB- !!! Even the technical aspects of the game stunk . The graphics were TERRIBLE -LRB- I 've never played on a SNES before , but from what I 've heard , this game looks like it should have been for SNES -RRB- . The gameplay its self is extremely hard ! I could never get past the third level ! Sometimes I almost ended up bending the game in frustration . And some of the aspects of this game -LRB- especially the villans -RRB- were disturbing and downright terrifying . After playing this game for only two days -LRB- I could n't bring myself to tolerate it any longer -RRB- I had nightmares for a week ! If you 're even considering buying or renting this game , DO N'T !!! But if you must know what this game is like , watch a Star Wars movie . If you do n't like the movie , you definitely wo n't like this game .
 I think it 's too late to give a review on this game , but here goes . This is the most perverted game ever made . When you think about it , it 's pretty disgusting . `` Aim for the open spot ! '' , `` I 'll do you fast , Peppy old pal . '' , `` Fox , get this guy off me ! '' `` I 've got a present for ya ! '' EEEEEEEEEUUU ! Should kids be playing these games?Anyway , the gameplay is fun ... for 15 minutes . Then it 's bothersome , annoying , and dull . Your team mates have the worst A.I. ever , and they do n't get power-ups . The game is horribly easy and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY too short . Like , 30 minutes short . Also , the voice acting sucks.I hope Starfox Adventures will be good . This game should n't have started the whole Starfox thing . If so , it needed work .
 This game is n't really all that fun and even to make it worse the controls are n't really good ! So believe me only if you love Lara Croft alot you would love it . I have 1 final thing to say give it a rental so you can see if you like it or not .
 When we were shopping for video games , one guy at the store recommended `` Tomb Raider
 AHH why dont u have a no star option , even at 10 $ this game is absolutely horrible , after playing for 5mins i already wanted to kick my dreamcast through the wall , this game is the worst game i ever played in my life . !! and thats a fact , stay away !! i warned you .
 I got bored of this game before I was even halfway through it . Repetitive gameplay , dull , flat graphics , illogical puzzles . There are loads more action/adventure games for the DC which will keep you entertained for far longer , like Code Veronica , Sonic Adventure ... and there are more coming . Avoid this game ; you deserve better than this lazy conversion of a lazy game .
 Tomb Raider for GameBoy is n't a good game well ... . it 's bad . The game has poor controls and the gameplay is very dull . Even though I 'm not the biggest fan of Laura Croft , they are better than this . The reason why it gets the second star for not a terrible rating is the ability to play as Young Laura and the gallery for ad-ons which is n't the best but decent . I do not recommend this game because it is n't the funnest to play , get Mario Golf if you want good Game boy games !
 I really liked the previous Tomb Raider games . So I was looking forward to play Tomb 4 as one of my first Dreamcast games . I heard the graphics are better than on the PC versions , better sounds , new features . Well , to make it short
 On the surface , this game looks like the best of the tomb raider series . Massive locations , excellent graphics , decent controls -LRB- although they do take some getting used to -RRB- . This game also has some of the most ingenious level designs of any Tomb Raider game , or any game period for that matter.Unfortunately this game suffers from the biggest drawback a game can have , in my opinion . It 's difficulty level is so frustratingly high that I became stuck once every 15 minutes or so of gameplay . I literally needed a walkthrough to get through most of this game . I 'd play for about 10 to 15 minutes and then I 'd spend 45 minutes to an hour trying to figure out what to do next . It 's enough to make you want to destroy everything within a ten mile radius . I like my games to be hard enough to leave you with a feeling of accomplishment , but this is just sadistic.If you 'd like a comparison , this is the best I have . Did you ever play any of the Ninja Gaiden series on the NES ? Do you remember screaming at Ryu for `` death by stupidity '' all the time ? How about throwing controllers at the TV screen in an effort to let the game no that you are not pleased with it ? That 's exactly the way Tomb Raider
 I received the wrong game as well as for the wrong game system . So I did n't get to enjoy the game , let almost try it out .
 When the game first came out I thought that it was going to be in the realm of Soul Reaver which has extremely good graphics . But after playing the game the graphics were less than spectacular and more to the realm of comic strip . It did not have the great control and speed that it should have for the game , the controls were haphazzard .
 I must say that when I first got this game , I was stunned . The graphics were amazing , interesting physics -LRB- your sword clangs against walls when in closed spaces -RRB- , amazing sound , and simplistic gameplay . But when I progressed further into the game , I realized that this was just another `` kill kill kill ! '' Bare-knuckle action game with WAYYYY too little variation to please a hardcore gamer such as myself . Though a good escape from some of the more puzzle-oriented games that have been hitting the PC and consoles , the action gets downright BORING . The story is very good , though . The sound has its highs and lows . Some characters have good voice acting -LRB- namingly Gatsu and Baron Balzac . -RRB- , while others just plain sucked -LRB- virtually every other character in the game -RRB- . The soundtrack is VERY good . Mainly consisting of symphonic tunes . This would normally be a game that would appear in the arcades , but unfortunately , most arcade-type games are too simplistic and too boring for comprehension . IF you want to vent your anger and are not looking for much of a challenge -LRB- I beat it in about 4 days -RRB- , then give this game a try . In the meantime , get MDK2 or something else that requires more thought.OH ! and another complaint ! Were the creators of this game actually aiming for a sexual innuendo when they came up with the name `` Baron Balzac '' ? I remember ceaseless nights when my friends and I were laughing at lines like `` She was captured by Balzac 's underlings '' . As immature as it may sound , it gave me a good laugh .
 Booting this up the first thing that impressed me were the graphics . I was actually fooled into thinking the real-time into was a pre-rendered cut scene . The character design is really good , the story is interesting and has depth . The sound and effects are great . The only problem is that you spend 20 % of the time playing the game and 80 % watching the cut scenes , which you can skip but then have no idea what 's going on in the story . The actual play scenes are fun , but do get a bit repetitive as they have the same ` hack everything to pieces ' goal and your character does n't seem to progress in any way -LRB- new weapons , skills , etc. . . -RRB- It 's a lot more like a movie than a game , which is really unfortunate as it 's obvious a lot of talented artists and programmers put a lot of hard work into it .
 There is nothing to do in this game its very redundant.Its only fun for 30 or so minutes ... It is way too short also ... But it is very detailed , like when you swipe your sword on the wall the sword will bounce back and make a spark and most games just have the sword go through the wall ... The graphics are very good.The gameplay is ok , the guy swipes the sword fast as hell , the bosses are easy , or most of them are.I reccomend buying this game if you wont get tired of stuff and like a lot of bloodlust .
 I enjoyed this game , but I beat it in two days . And not much time was spent on either day . Maybe a couple of hours at most . The gore is pretty cool , but there just is n't a lot of depth to this game . And to be honest the story -LSB- stunk -RSB- . I think if the game was maybe two or three times longer it would be much cooler .
 After purchasing NFL 2K , NBA 2K and Ready 2 Rumble , and being completely blown away by the impressive graphics , sound and interactivity that the Sega Dreamcast has to offer ... I thought , `` Boy , would n't it be fun to have four buddies over for some hardcore wrestling action - 2-on-2 style ... we could beat the crap outta ' each other without the usual waking up with open wounds and stitches the next morning . `` Well , I might as well have stuffed a money in the middle of a slab of ground sirloin and tossed it into my nextdoor rottweiller 's playpen . This game is unarguably the biggest waste of your hard-earned dollar in the Dreamcast market . Three words - DO N'T BUY IT.The animation looks like the designers had 24 hours to complete all the sequences , and they did so just after gulping down a 12-pack of beer a piece . The sound effects are out of sync , the voiceovers are , well , STUPID - there 's no other way to describe them . The moves are - well , I ca n't figure them out and , personally , the game is SO bad , I do n't care to take the time.I am not a big wrestling fan , but if I were , I 'd consider this `` waste-of-time game '' to be a mockery of the sport . Acclaim has really let me down here - I will definitely do some research before purchasing another one of their games .
 I bought `` ECW Hardcore Revolution '' back in December hoping that it would live up to all of its hype . I thought that it would be as cool as the actual ECW wrestling . Geez , was I wrong ! This game is basically like `` WWF Attitude '' -LRB- Which was also horrible -RRB- but with ECW wrestlers . The moves are the same , the entrances are the same , and the weopons are th same . This is so boring !
 But for some reason , it plays a bit better than the former .
 this game is just like wwf attitude but has more types of matches because this game is more hardcore than wwf attitude da game has matches involving table ladders and chairs oh yeah and i believe this game has create a wrestler if so i am goin 2 add wwf wrestlers 2 this game 2 pretend like it is wwf invasion n ecw game da commentary is similar 2 wwf attitude game and da moves are similar 2 wwf attiude but with different names and has female wrestlers wwf attitude does n't have female wrestlers da reason i did n't rate this game any higher than wwf attitude is because i did n't no many of da characters n da game and i not 2 familar with ecw style compare 2 wwf style which i no alot more about
 This game blows . The graphics engine , control scheme and motion-captured moves are EXACTLY the same as they were on Attitude . It 's disturbing to see spike dudley break out the Stone Cold Stunner for no reason in a match . Want to see Tommy Dreamer go for the Rock Bottom ? Or maybe you want to see the entire roster come out to a cheesy generic entrance theme ? This is an embarrasment . Oh , and about the `` barbed wire '' matches , all you do is thow someone into the ropes and they bleed the same as they did in attitude . : : Yawn : :
 I am here to tell you that this is not the off road racing game you want to buy ! The tracks are bad , the cars are bad , this game is bad . Check out 4x4 evolution if you want a good off road racing game .
 The other reviewers are right . Let 's make the new releases a little less difficult . The game is a blast but it 's almost impossible to unlock the rest of the tracks . The extra boosts should be there to help you out , not a necessary item to win .
 This game is for the hardcore extreme gamers . Unfortunently I am not one of them . This game is an arcade based with time limits , you also pretty much get first every time in order to move on . I dont know maybe some people like time limits but all my friends know , I DONT . Once I got bored with my other games I began to play it . I would of rated it better anyway if it wasent for one thing . It is very buggy . I would play and just about every race It seemed like the ground just dissappered to leave my truck/buggy to fall of the world to its doom . It some times freezes up in the begining where it says 3-2-1 and no GO .
 If you do n't mind starting a race where all the other drivers are as far as a half a lap in front of you and the only way to keep up with them is to hit EVERY booster icon and find EVERY shortcut then this game is for you . But if not then I suggest you wait for 4x4 Evolution to come out this fall . This game has a lot of eye candy but the best graphics in the world do n't mean diddly if the game is too frustrating to play .
 this game is sooo easy and was a waste of my money , i can beat it on all difficulties . im not a very good chess player either . It would be awsome if it were hard , BUT FFS THIS IS SOOO DAMN EASY
 Chessmaster is probably the simplest game I 've played . I 've beaten the Chessmaster more than once -LRB- I was really surprised -RRB- . It gets boring after a couple of games of chess , so this game is mostly for beginners . It 's plain ol' chess , that 's it .
 This kind of GameShark is that you should not buy at all it is a total waste of cash you are better off buying the Action Replay -LRB- GBA -RRB- styple because if the cheat codes are missing you can retype them in but for this kind of Game Enhancer you ca n't once a game or cheat is gone its gone forever because you ca n't find them on the internet anywhere not even the official gameshark site will help because their cheats have a 12 digit code while this code is only 08 digit . Most GameShark game busting cheats will break down at somepoint but the ACTION REPLAY -LRB- AR -RRB- wo n't break that easily . I paid $ 15 for this from my friend he ripped me off all CHEATS are gone so I ca n't use it .
 first of all it did n't come with any of the cabels that are shown in the picture , though this is not the product 's fault as i bought this used . what bothers me is that i ca n't find any codes online that fit when i try to put them in manually . is there anyone who has a link to a website with codes specific to this gameshark , otherwise , this sucks !!!!
 Got the game shark plugged it up ... did not work ... misleading thought it was made by Nintendo ... it 's not ! Called Nintendo and they warned me that they do not recommend the use of Game Shark , that it has fried a number of GBA 's and has not been tested by Nintendo noris endorsed . Game Shark does not state on the package that it will not work w / color games , you have to open the package and THEN read thru , the directions to find this info out !! We tried Pokemon Gold and Nothing ... notta 40.00 is alott of $ $ . $ $ for a product that does not work . We will try and get my money BACK
 i hate gameshark ! mine wo n't let me download any cheatcodes , and all of the codes are 16 letters or more , and my gameshark only lets me type 12 letters
 my game shark kept on freezing up my games .
 Gameshark sucks thats all i got to say about there lame product , and now its even worst with thoses master codes of nearly 20 lines and on top of it the codes dont work and they freeze up your game .
 The description said it was a game shark , says nothing about being an Action Replay knock off , it does work , extremely touchy , not worth paying more than $ 20
 This game boy is a shark and by that I mean they take your money and then the product is faulty it only works somtimes for the first few times then the hardware breaks down the company has no information for trouble shooting . Dont buy this product unless you just want to be shark bait . DS
 This device is very complicated to use and when you type in a code or codes , they often do n't work . Also , I called the phone number for Customer Support and a recording announced that they shut down this department!DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON GAMESHARK ADVANCE !
 Do not buy this junk . It will never work . You ca n't enter new codes , download , or upgrade . Nada . You actually ca n't even start the game once you put in codes so it 's useless . Better chance just playing fair than burning money away .
 i remember buying a game shark and then it was so complicated to download new stuff then when i saved it the entire library of codes got erased so i just said heck with this now i hear of an action replay id invest my money in that cause it sounds better but it kinda sounds like the same ballpark as the gameshark of course the gameshark i used was for gameboy color but still it shouldnt have erased the entire code vault from the thing true i never contacted customer support but still i wouldnt buy it cause i hear u cant even get help with the gameshark any more
 This product is disclosed as discontinued . What is not disclosed is that game shark website will not support this product . I spent several hour searching for codes that would work . I 've found none that work.This system is on an 8 keyed entry system and the new codes are 12 or 14 it 's like a completely different language and will not work . Research `` Inter Act Game Shark '' before buying
 I tried using this , but the codes are hard to get and they usually dont work.So if you want a good , dependible product , get a code breaker . Really , just try it . buy GBA gameshark and codebreaker with sonic Advance and check which one works . I like the gamesaves , though .
 Please do not buy this product . It simply does NOT work . You ca n't enter new codes , download , or upgrade . Period . You actually ca n't even start the game once you put in codes so it 's pointless and annoying . Do n't even bother wasting your money . It just is n't worth the frustration .
 After being a loyal fan to interact accessories , I am sorry to say I have finally been let down . The GBA Gameshark had my hopes held high with the promise of a snapshot feature and a game trainer but none of these programs have yet to be introduced in the programming . Second of all I try to stay current with the games as they come out unfortunately gameshark.com has not been updated for five months now . I am still waiting on codes for Castlevania Harmony of Dissonance . Last but not least I am very angry with the fact of the codes being encoded now so codes can not be hacked without a built-in trainer . This product had a great beginning value but for me it has steadly decreased what good is the USB feature when codes are not being created to download .
 . I bought this on the promise of being able to download updated codes from the Gameshark.com website . This and many other features failed
 GameShark sux . I put it in and 10 minutes later it freezing my game and not working . Dont buy this . Your better off buying a Action Replay !
 I got my Gameshark for the GB Advance system on 10-8-01 and tried out Castlevania Circle of the moon . Did n't work , checked the codes and compared them to the ones on the website and found out the master code was different , ok , so I changed that and it still did not work . I tried it with just 2 codes on , nothing.so I tried Mario Advance , did n't work either . The sharklink for the computer worked ok . that was the only thing I did not have a problem with . I called into support and they had me run through the same things I already did . I have to send it back in and have them send me a new one . It also wiped out my 4 game saves on Castlevania and 2 game saves on Mario . -LRB- not impressed -RRB- The other bad thing is that it is NOT Backwards compatible . So all of the gameboy color and gameboy games will not work with it.So hopefully the Gameshark will work correctly when I get it back .
 The gameshark DOES N'T work on any of the new games I try to enter it says `` unknown '' and they have no < customer support phone line thingy , it says the line has been cut off . DO N'T WASTE YOUR PRECIOUS MONEY ON THIS STUPID PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!
 This was a gift from heaven for about 4 years i used it all the time . Then it corrupted my data . It was sorta my fault tho . Then it just broke down on me i did n't know y. I cleaned it and everything it never worked again .
 I purchased this item a few months back I got it home and tryed it it did not work so we took it back to -LSB- a store -RSB- and got another one in hopes that the second one would work but unfortunantly it did not so we ended up returning it ...
 IT seems both action replay and gameshark have tons of bugs . i am hearing it shuts down , doesnt work , screws up the gameboy ... Can i suggest something ? DONT CHEAT ! that is the fastest solution . The action replay 's are generally very high quality so i would suggest getting one of those instead . the gamesharks features just dont always work , AND WHEN WILL THEY UPDATE THE SITE FOR cripes sake . .
 I 'm not a stupid person , but I find it impossible to get it to work . I have had the Gameshark for my GBA for 3 months . I have yet to be anything but infuriated by it . It is impossible to add/update games and game cheats , and has terrible support and website for codes . I have gotten to the final levels of the GBA games without any help from this piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- . Not worth it at any price . Do not waste your time or effort on this horrible thing .
 I used to love this game as a kid and bought the newest version . When I got it I installed it immediatley and once installed I tried to play it and nothing happened . So I tried two other computers I have and the install button would come up and nothing happened after that . Very dissapointing . I also tried the the patches online to fix it for Xp and still nothing . Even though the game sucked the seller was very helpful . It might work for Windows 95/98 . THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK FOR XP , SO IF YOU HAVE XP DONT BUY IT.SIM Theme Park -LRB- Gold Edition -RRB-
 We bought this because it said it would work on Windows XP - it does not - so do not buy this if that is your expectation
 This has to be the worst idea ever . Sonic used the Genesis console 's high-tech processor to run at amazing speeds . He would run through a loop-de-loop . He slid down water slides . He jumped so high that you could see Star Light Zone 's night sky . Can an 8-bit processor do that ? No . When Sonic runs in this , it gets really glitchy . My game got confused and shot Sonic to the end of the level . The controls are not as accurate as the Genesis game , they lag a little bit and have bad traction . The zones are built terribly . Green Hill Zone has had every signiture loop-de-loop removed . Bridge Zone was an awful auto-scrolling `` bridge '' that had a horrible collision system . Sonic jumps onto a scale and waits for the rock to fall on the other side , but it does not bounce him high enough to reach land . He ends up falling and dying . Sometimes the pieces on the bridge fall -LRB- not a glitch -RRB- , but the issue is that so many fall that the game starts to lag . Do not get this game.Game Gear games I recommend : Sonic BlastSonic Triple TroubleSonic DriftGenesis games I recommend : Sonic the HedgehogSonic the Hedgehog 2Sonic 3 and Knuckles
 I 've played several sonic games -LRB- 14 to be exact -RRB- , and this one is probably the worst . It 's probably the best one on genesis , but I do n't have a clue what they were thinking when they made this one . there 's nowhere to run or speed up in this game . in the console version , I used to dash through the loops and run down the spirals until time ran out . in the fist zone , the only place where you can even come close to having fun with the sonic speed that made the series famous is going down some hills on a rickety set of tracks in a mine cart . Infact , I did n't see a single loop , or any spirals , or anything relative to one . there is hope though , sonic chaos is so much fun that it 's probably worth 12 copies of this game . the most important thing to remember if you want to buy sonic 2 for game gear is not to expect anything nearly as good as the console version , so get sonic chaos .
 I BOUGHT IT ON THE WII I WAS HAPPY WHEN I STARTED PLAYING I GOT BORED.MY FIRST COMPLAINT IS TAILS IS NOT IN THE GAME AT ALL . IT SHOWS HIM ON THE BOX WITH SONIC . THEN WHEN YOU START HE 'S NOT.MY SECOND COMPLAINT IS POOR GRAPHICS . ITS A LITTLE BETTER THEN SONIC THE HEDGEHOG ON GAME GEAR . THE PROBLEM WITH GAME GEAR IS YOU HAVE TO LOOK FOR CHOAS EMERLADS INSTEAD OF THE GENISIS VERSION WHERE YOU CMPLETE THE LEVEL AND JUMP IN TO THE GIANT RING . THE GENISIS VERSION IS FUN . BY THE GENISIS VERSION . GAME GEAR IS THE WORST SONIC GAME SYSTEM PRODUCER EVER . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME IT 'S HORRIBLE . THE GENISIS ON THE ON THE OTHER HAND MIGHT BE THE BEST SONIC GAME EVER . ITS VERY FUN . SONIC HAS A LIGHTER COLOR THEN THE FIRST ONE . BUY GENESIS.PRONS -LSB- THE GOOD THING -RSB- CONSXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX NOTHING 1 . TAILS IS NOT IN IT .2 . NO LOOPS NOTHING ORIGINAL3.BAD MUSIC . BEEP BEEP BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP INSTEDOF DOO DOOOO DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 it is terrible . its a rip of the genisis version . you ca n't play with tails . when you have to deafeat the boss you have no rings . and the graphics is lousy . so do n't buy it it 's just a waste of money .
 I ca n't belieive I paid $ 40 for this ! I beat it in two days . The original was the best RTS I 've ever played , but this was a real waste of money . If it ever drops to ten bucks , then it might be worth it , but until that day , I would not recommend it to anyone .
 See my review of Age of Mythology for further depth.When compared to such expansion packs as the tiny Starcraft
 Age of Mythology , the original , is a great game . The campaign is fun . The random map games are great.The animation is stunning . The monsters and units are well thought out . I would DEFINITELY suggest the original . ** HOWEVER ** I feel this expansion pack was not worth the money at all . I played with it installed for about a half hour -LRB- and used cheat codes to investigate all the new things -RRB- and then promply uninstalled and sold it . The ONLY fun part about it was actually getting the titans , but the atlantians are pitiful in the sense of buildings and units . I was very disappointed in it.If you feel like trying it , go ahead . But I would not suggest buying it .
 Honestly , I am very dissapointed in the Expansion set . It was definitely not worth the 29.95 I payed for it . A campagn with 12 missions and almost no story line is NOT what I pay $ 30 for . I agree that the graphics and AI are well done , but my favorite thing about any strategy game is the campagns . They are what made Age of Empires II so playable , the campagns were awesome , and you almost got some history in them . I think a campagn based on the Iliad or Odyssey would have come out fabulous . But this ... War Craft III on the other hand has several campagns ranging from RTS strategy to a sort of RPG . They did a excellent job in my opinion . I honestly think that the campagn for The Titans expansion was just not the bang for the buck .
 I bought this game thinking it would be good -LRB- because the movie and show are good -RRB- . I turned ou to be wrong . Its hard to move Jimmy , the worlds are weird , and overall this is not a good game .
 O.k. this game has good graphics , so what.This is fun at first but you keep having to do missions.And when you think you 've gotton somewhere there is another mission , this game makes me want to die !!!
 I think that this is WAY to hard ! I mean , after you defeat all the levels and collect all the parts you have to find Jimmy 's lab in a tiny shack . I spent hours of looking and still could n't find it . After all how fun is it when you cant even GET to the last 2/3 of the game ? Believe me this was a waste of very good money and it made my baby brother cry of frustration when he kept on dieing . If I was you I would spend my hard earned cash on something a little better than this . < I would have choosen 0 stars if I could have ! >
 I had only a little fun playing this . I know that most people like it . Well I suggest you buy it if you like game that are challenging , and if you learn fast .
 Why would anyone bother playing an old football game for a gaming system that was never successful in the first place ? This is a pretty bad game . I 'm not exactly the biggest fan of football video games -LRB- I am , however , a HUGE fan of watching the sport on TV every Sunday -RRB- but wanting to seek out this game for your Sega Game Gear is totally not worth it . The NFL has been upgraded since this game was released and now it 's MUCH bigger and better . Check out the brand new Madden '07 for the Playstation 3 to see what a drastic improvement is like .
 from what I understand only works with the original GameGear systems that Sega made . The GameGear units made by Majesco Sales Inc. , the box states its NOT compatible with the TV tuner for the game gear .
 i bought thise game shark and used it right away . it goes to this code page , of course , and so i figured i 'd turn on some codes . NOT SO EASY ! as i just figured out , u have to write ur own code . so i did that but it still did n't work . i ca n't figure out how this thing works at all . i tried to get infinite rare candies , like it did in the example but i could n't get it to work . this product is not worth buying . Even with the detailed instruction manuel it is still impossible to figure out how to get these codes to work ! DONT ' T BUY , get a gba or gbc game shark ! they are great !
 This device should be avoided at all costs , nothing works the way it should and the manual does n't help you at all . Even the gameshark internet page has dissapeared !!! If you want to hack Pokemon games use the Gameshark Pro 3.0 .
 I hate this gameshark . If u want a Celiby or mew it messes up your graphics and when you battle with it is just the pokemon you copieed like if I went over a beedrill to a mew in stats it would look like a mew but when you battle it will look like a BeedrillDO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this for a color game boy for a 10 year old why do you have to edit the hexadecimal codes for it to work we have a playstion that used a gameshark cd that was much more better it allowed her to pick what codes and cheats she wanted and I though6t this would be the same but i was really disappointed with this I would not buy it again
 The reason this product is worthless is because Intec bought Gameshark when its stocks fell . So that it could down grade the products to make its own look better . Intec is the owner of MadKatz which is a brand that should be avoided at all cost , and Action Replay which is their main product line . If you were a user of Gameshark I am sorry to tell you that they went out of business in most respects . I loved Gamesharks products and was a long time user . If you buy an Action Replay for the PS One note that it uses the EXACT same program as the Old Gamesharks .
 when i bought my game shark it was very confussing to use.on my cryistal version i had 235 and when i went to add the other pokemon i could n't get i used the game shark while it was loading it said your file has been erased.i had to start all over there is still more pokemon i need but i will not dare touch THE G A M E S H A R K again !
 Hi , I am Rob , I am a huge Pokemon fan . My data on my Pokemon gold version was recently deleted and it really pissed me off . My game shark stopped working after I have had it for about a month . Now I cant play it as easily . It also f**ked up my silver version , which I am planning to start over on my pokemon silver since my gold version is starting to have problems . Hopefully I 'll find another cheat device that I can trust . F**K YOU GAMESHARK !
 I bought this game for my 8 yr old last year and she was bored and mad in 20 min ... She dosent touch it ... not much to do you go from room to room collecting candy
 This game is fun at the beginninge but it gets old real quick . what I do n't like about this game is that it has no save feature , all it does is give you a code at the end of each level and you have to remember it . I do n't like this because I would write the code down on a piece of paper then I would lose the paper by accident . Another thing that I do n't like about it is that it has very subtle changes between the easy , medium , and hard options .
 Bought this game for my 6 year old for Christmas and both of uswere very disapointed in the game . She has this game and Rugrats and she plays the Rugrats Castle Capers all the time and rarely picks up Monsters Inc. . The game is not very fun to play and lacks the excitement of other GBA titles .
 My first time through it was only 3-and-a-half hours later ! But to add depth , you search through a maze of rooms to find 3 missing pieces to the door . Enemies are n't smart and are quite stupid . Bosses are slow and easy to beat . I recommend something else .
 The graphics are not so hot , and the game play is very boring . My 3 yr old son only played it for a few minutes before losing interest . We 'll be trading this one in soon .
 This game is so boaring and stupid . All you do is run around and find puzzle pieces to `` boos door '' . I gave up on it after the first level . It also takes no skill at all . If you can push buttons then you can beat the game in no time at all . If you have a problem with this review E-mail me at robotbuilderthomas@hotmail.com
 This game has no instructions in box , this is a new game factory sealed . Very unhappy with purchase.I had trust in toy 's r us.This game would have been better with the instructions that come in all new games .
 Ca n't say if it 's a good game or not since we never got it to play . It only works on Windows 98 operating system and all attempts to get Windows XP to emulate Win 98 proved futile . If you 're a techno wiz , you might get it to play but it 's probably more work than it 's worth .
 First , do n't get me wrong . N64 has some fun games -LRB- like Perfect Dark , Pokemon Stadium , Zelda -RRB- , even though it is now behind in technology . -LRB- Playstation 2 and even Sega Dreamcast have more processing power -RRB- . The biggest plus about N64 is the many 4-player games it has . The BAD THING about N64 is the way Nintendo keeps blocking the Gameshark . WHY ???? Gamesharks are expensive , and only hard core game fans buy them . SO WHY MAKE US MAD BY BLOCKING THEM ??? My gameshark just got ruined because of Nintendo 's safeguards . I am so upset that there is no way I am going to buy the next Nintendo system . I 'm going with Playstaion 2 . They dont mess with the shark !
 This game stinks a hadfull of characters and you just fight a handfull of people in arcade mode until you reach onsalught . i do n't like it .
 I 'm a big time 2D fighting veteran and I can tell which fighter is worth playing all over and which is worth ditching . Marvel VS Capcom for the PlayStation is an example of one of those 2D fighters that needs to be ditched . But do n't get me wrong ! I actually liked the game ... on the Dreamcast and arcade . The PlayStation version of Marvel VS Capcom is just swarming with a whole lot of flaws . Trust me ! This is not arcade perfect ! Most of the times , arcade translations that go to the PlayStation come out imperfect like this one . The graphics are just horrible ! Sure the characters and stages look colorful , but if you pay attention to the framerates of the animations , you 'll notice that the characters do n't move smoothly or move faster . The audio , sounds great . Music tracks and sound effects are brilliant , but nothing special at all . And as for the gameplay , just horrible . And the lack of a tag feature ? Now this is really going overboard ! Just like in Marvel Super Heroes VS Street Fighter for the PlayStation , you have to call up your character to do a one-hit special move . If you want the tag feature , you 'll have use the cross over mode , but this feature does n't emulate the tag features on the superior arcade and Dreamcast versions . The controls could 've been slicker , but instead , it ended up choppy . It seems that the PlayStation controller was not meant for great games like this . All in all , the PSX version of Marvel VS Capcom is a big letdown . Choppy animation , choppy controls , lack of a tag feature , and long loading times during the beginning of each fight really makes this game look like a zero . If you want the real Marvel VS Capcom experience , I 'd say buy the Dreamcast version of Marvel VS Capcom or spare a few quarters or tokens to play the arcade version . The DC version of Marvel VS Capcom featured flawless animations , awesome graphics , hyper fast controls , no loading times , and a tag feature . Now that 's an arcade perfect translation of one of the best 2D arcade fighters of all time ! The DC version is definently worth the money and worth your time ! Please ! Whatever you do , avoid the PSX version ! This version of Marvel VS Capcom is a disgrace to Capcom 's ever expanding lineup of 2D fighters ! Not really something to use your money on !
 The Arcade was a hit but the playstation kills this game off with a vengence as you once again have to settle for the same swap trick to use crossover mode . the extra modes do n't make up for the choppy gameplay either or not being able to tag which is what the game was based on . It 's not Capcoms fault though since the DC conversion was flawless .
 This is a horrible , stupid game . All you do is sit there , pushing buttons at random , and you win , even on standerd . The controls ? Unresponisve . Get Super smash bros for the N64 . if you 've got one . STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME ! IT is brainless .
 If you have played this game in the arcade or on a Dreamcast unit you know how fast and colorful a fighting game this one is . Truth is it is one of the best 2D figthers you can play.Here is the bad news though , if you own a Playstation and want this translation you will be disapointed when you play . First of all the lack of the tag feature really does kill this game . Without being able to tag in another teamate mid battle it takes away some of the games statagy . I think it also seems to move and load much slower on the playstation than in the Dreamcast . We just have to face it , this game is a next generation game on a five year old piece of hardware , and it just does not live up to its true potential . I love my plastation , but I have to advise all to pass on Marvel vs. Capcom for it . Play Street Fighter Alpha 3 instead if you insist on getting the best 2D fighting action you can out of your old Playstation box .
 The dreamcast is the WAY better version to get as this one is too slow and too easy.The playstation port of this game is sadly inept , i am a PSX fan but this game does stand short to the over versions .
 This game was way to short and i beat it the day I got it . I highly recomend renting it before owning it due to the fact that the replay value is not what it should be . There is a multiplayer feature , but it is very weak compared to other games like Super Smash Brothers .
 This game is so easy to beat.I beat it in two days.And the mini games are boring.I suggest you do n't get this game .
 This game took me 4 hours to beat and now I 'm bored ! Do n't buy this game ! Get a real game like Zelda that took me all summer !
 I got this game on christmas and I still have n't beat it . The reason is its too boring.I mean you have to walk one path and its difficult . Try renting this game before buying it .
 I got this game when it came out , and this is the first Kirby game i hate . Save your money for something better , or get like Perfect Dark .
 I bought this game a month back , and it stinks ! The people who did ALL the other reviews have no idea what they are saying for this N64 piece of crap . The music is so babyish its not even Kirby music , and THIS GAME STINKS ! Hal Laboratory can make better games than this . H -- , even Klonoa is better than this . -LRB- BORING -RRB- Other Kirby games are better than this , too . I had to pelt this with rocks and put it in water .
 OK so my brother bouught crystal shards , it was so boring he beat it in the second day he died like once or twice but some how he still likes it . It might be fun if it was your first N64 game ... . and you were 3 years old . Just get away from this page now . And remember I 'm trying to save the innocent people from buying a game that looks good and has nice graphics but stay away from it , do n't even come back to this page .
 This game was too easy , too stupide , not enough challange , shall I go on ? After so many good games for this creampuff he finally got into a bad game . Let 's hope this is only a fluke like for Sonic -LRB- Who made a number of bad games after `` Sonic & Knuckles '' -RRB- before we got `` Sonic Adventure . ''
 Yes its me bombermans biggest fan and no I dont give every game exept bomberman 1 star .
 This game is so easy to beat.I beat it in two days.And the mini games are boring.I suggest you do n't get this game .
 If you have played other Kirby games and enjoyed them do n't get this one -LRB- unless the only Kirby game you have played was Kirby 's Dream Land 3 for SNES . -RRB- This game was the first Kirby game I ever got and at first I really enjoyed it . Until I got Kirby
 this game gets boring too fast , i think . i borrowed it from a friend and got bored in about 1 hour . you might want to rent this game before buying it . take my advice ; you might thank me for it .
 Well at first when I purshased Kirby 64 The Crystal Shards , I expected it to be good . It was a little bit but it is WAY too short.I beat it the second day I got it ! If you want to get this game I recommend that you ... rent . ...
 THIS KIRBY GAME IS NOT AS GOOD AS IT SEEMS ! They forgot the main characters like gooey or rick and his animal friends ! And , worst of all , this game only takes a few hours to beat ! This kirby game is geared for VERY young gamers , like 4,5,6 . You should buy the rare gameboy game , kirby tilt and tumble , or go to funcoland.com to buy kirby 's super star for the snes and the other old kirby games to see the best of kirby ! Lots of people that own kirby websites agree with me -LRB- ex , kirby 's rainbow resort -RRB- . Buy this at your own risk !!
 Hey I hyped it up when the game came out . But in the end it is not that challenging i beat it in 2 hours . The only thing cool in this game is kirby and the different kirbys he can change into , but it gets old so ... . But it is a game to rent but not one to buy . Save yourself so money and buy a good game . Such as , Zelda
 I was very disappointed with this newest addition to the Army Men series . Compared with the last release , Army Men Sarge 's heroes , this game is terrible . With other games out there like Medal of Honor and Sarge 's Heroes , this game is like playing Pong -LRB- the original Pong -RRB- I can describe this game in one word ... primitive . Do n't waste your time -LRB- or your money -RRB- They obviously did n't put any effort into this game at all -LRB- and it shows -RRB- .
 Not anywhere as good or fun as the original Armymen 3D . This game has one and two player modes . The graphics and fighting environments have been `` improved '' . There are times when your soldier can not walk under a leaf or around a small rock , the zoom feature which worked so well in the original has been replaced with an inferior much slower zoom/aim feature . Ammo crates so easy to see and obtain in the original have been replaced by icons that are hard to see against the background of plants and rocks . In two player mode you are not able to assign your allies to attack or defense , the computer does it for you . While playing the computer I noticed the artificial intelligence seemed to get confused , for example while attacking a villiage a bunch of tan soldiers ran to attack me , they then stopped and stood there while I blasted away at them . You are often able to stand in sight of the enemy and get no reaction , even in the hard setting . Many actions are slower than in Armymen 3D . On the bright side it is better than Sarge 's Heros , there are no bathtub battle senarios , this is more realistic . It is cool the way you have to `` finish off '' the wounded enemy . I was real excited about this game , I bought the day it went on sale , it was a real let down to me . We will just have to keep playing the original to have fun game play . You will find nothing like Snake Canyon , Cabin Fever or Tanks Alot in this new game , sorry back to the drawing board .
 Personally , I thought that all of Playstation 's Army Men titles were pretty lackluster ! The graphics failed to maintain my interest for more than ten minutes and I found that navigating your way through certain levels was a major pain in the arse , especially the first level ! To tell you the truth , I found N64 's version of Sarge 's Heroes to be a more thoroughly entertaining game - a real challenge . The graphics might be a bit cartoonish to some but I thought the controller configuration was a lot more manageable . It 's too bad that N64 has n't developed a version of Army Men
 I wasted countless hours reading info on this game . I thought this would make my Dad play video games with me and instead it was a game that I made him return . Do n't get me wrong I love war games , but this game had nothing going for it . To begin with , the first 4-5 levels are a visual mess ; all the objects on the screen seem to melt into a solid green blur . You can barly see your own guy let alone the enemy . The next problem concerned the aiming system . It was the worst that I have ever seen in my 15 years of gaming . You have to spray a certain area until you are able to direct your line of fire to the exact spot you want to shoot . I could go on and on about this game . I 'm begining to think that I should buy the game back and smash it on the ground so that no other gamer has to go through what I did .
 Yes , to a highschool kid working at Mcdonald 's for five fifteen -LRB- have to spell it out for amazon -RRB- an hour 40 bucks was a lot ! Even though there was the internet it was still growing . You still could n't find a review for every game you were interested in buying . Sometimes it still came down to word of mouth or hoping there was an open copy you could play at funcoland . I however went by word of mouth . Sure , this is a great game try it you 'll like it . Like a sucker I put down my big 40 which was probably 3/4ths of my total paycheck . I smiled in joy as a road the bus home with my new found game . Yiiipppieeeeee ! I could n't wait ! I come home and pop this wonderful gem in . Of course this game is badass ! how can I go wrong look at that hardcore cover . A soldier that 's ready for war what more could you want ? Then the game starts and I begin to play it . The screen is dark too dark I ca n't see anything . I adjust the brightness on my television . I 'm a little green guy who shoots pellets or maybe bullets out his gun in a horrible looking world with horrible aiming and horrible controls that make the entire screen move awkwardly with each step . I think to myself this will get better this is probably just like this on the first stage . Then as I play I realize that it does n't change ... it never changes . It 's just green globe of pixels that shoots a horribly aimed weapon in a dimly lit world . How could this be ? How could what could have been a fun game be so crappy ? Even in PS1 days this game was unacceptable . That comes from a guy that plays PS1 games still in 2011 ! This game slowly crushed my gaming dreams and made me hate the name 3DO ! I cursed it and spat at it . I immediately went back to the story and tried to make an excuse to return the game . I told them it was defective and that the game was too dark to see -LRB- actually that was more of the truth than anything else -RRB- . I begged and pleaded with the manager but unfortunately she showed me a new copy of the game , opened it before my eyes -LRB- smashing my hopes of returning it as new -RRB- , and handed it to me . I looked down in my hands at a new copy of the same turd I just tried to flush . I took the game and walked out the store with my head hung low . A month later that toys store burned down . I smiled as I passed by . A feel of ease that no one would have to suffer anymore and knowing that numerous copies of Army Men world war had perished in that fire . Yes , I had one that war . I lost the battle when I returned it but I won in the end.P.S . I did n't start the fire .
 This game was pretty fun until you get to level 3 , then it is almost inpossible to get past the bridge while a chopper is shooting at you , not to mention about 10 tan troops . The only way I beat the level was with gameshark , but if your going to get a Army Men game ... get Army Men Land * Sea * Air or Army Men Sarge 's Heroes 1 or 2 . Once I got done with level 3 -LRB- with a lot of help from gameshark -RRB- I took out the gameshark and could n't even move on the next level without getting shot or wounded . It is also fantasy for you of those who like real war games , it takes nine shots to die ! I did n't like this part of the game either , you do n't even get a platoon to go through the levels , I mean on Ghost Recon , you get to have a platoon of 6 soldiers . You would probably be better of to play with your little brothers toy soldiers it would probably be funner . I would n't recommened you get this game -LRB- Save your dough -RRB- , I would for surely recommened Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon Island Thunder . The graphics were pretty bad too , the green soldiers looked like brown soldiers , the forest or the background looked like a water colored painted picture . Save your money get one of Tom Clancy 's games or another Army Men game
 Army Men 3D was great , I recommend it over this crap . Yes the game had great sound , but horrible control , choppy and grainy graphics , and way too dark ! Sometimes I would get stuck behind some little rock and get killed because the controls did n't respond enough . 3DO has been known to rush out their games , but in the past it has n't affected them , until now . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I had never played any army men games before and heard how great they were . I heard about this one and it sounded cool . I ca n't beleive I actually spent $ 25 on this . First of all it is so hard and almost imposible . I had to spend another $ 20 to buy a gameshark and the codes did n't even work . This is the most frustrating video game I have ever played . The graphics are n't good . The 2 player mode is very dark and I could barely see where I was going . The weapons look great and would have been if I got to use some of the good ones but , you have to get far into the game to actually use any good weapons . I have gotten to the 4th level and can never get past it . In the 4th level you have to sneak into a prison camp and shoot open a lock on a cell then escape and have at least one man survive . That was imposible for me because there are guards ALL OVER shooting at you and you do n't even know where the helicopter is that you are to be picked up in . Overall this game was terrible , maybe it would have been better if I got to more levels . My advice is to not waste your money on this like I did .
 The other day I went out and bought Army Men : World War ... . I had played Army Men 3D and Army Men : Sarge 's Heroes earlier that month for the first time , and I thought they were very fun , so I thought World War would only be better . IT IS NOT . Choppy Graphics , some of the worst controls I have ever seen in a game , and AI that is either entirely too dumb , or way too smart . The only fun level is the gunboat level in the second area , but all the rest are boring and repetitive . Do n't buy this game , instead go buy Army Men 3D or Sarge 's Heroes , cause they are more fun ...
 Anyone who has played the original Army Men 3D for the Playstation knows how fast and fun the game is , Sarge 's Heros was a real let down and I was hoping that this game would mark a return to the standards set by the original game ... it does not . This game is an improvement over the terrible Sarge 's Heros but still a disapointment . The game includes one and two player modes . In two player there are several senarios to hunt down your co-player on . The graphics are different , the environments are more complex , often you are not able to walk under a leaf or around a small rock . The prespective -LRB- view -RRB- has changed also , to zoom in and out is an awkward process . Health kits , flamethrower fuel and grenades blend in with the background . The .50 caliber guns are not powerful enough . In one player mode on the hard setting the artificial intelligence often did not allow the enemy to attack me even when I was in plain view and firing at them . In two player you are not allowed to assign your allies to defend or attack , the computer does it for you . The overall control of the game play is slower and bulkier than the original game . Rent this game before you buy it , I wish I had . The first Army Men 3D is still king of the hill . Wake up 3DO !
 # 1 - VISIBILITY . I had to screw with the brightness on my television just so I could see the opening screen right . Everything is in a million shades of green , and you 'll be constantly running into obstacles , trying to turn yourself around while an enemy slowly chips away at your health . # 2 - DIFFICULTY . On the easist setting , I still can only get three levels into the game . It 's not that I 'm a lousy gamer , it 's just that certain spots where there may be a concentration of plastic helicoptors , infantry , etc. , are next to impossible to get around . I let a friend who is an excellent gamer borrow it for a week , and he could n't get any farther than I did . # 3 - TWO-PLAYER MODE . Two-player modes are supposed to be fun . This one , well ... is n't . The levels are too big , and you 'll spend ten minutes hunting down your friend 's flag , and once one of you gets the other 's flag , it 's too easy to cross back over into your territory without getting caught.Please , I beg of you , do n't make this an impulse buy like I did ! Rent first , and even then you 'll probably feel like you 've wasted your money . -LRB- 1.5 stars -RRB-
 Hard to control . Go with Colin McRae 's Rally graphics and control are 100 % better .
 ECW deserves alot more than what this game gave it . Essentially , this is the exact same game as WWF Attitude -LRB- Attitude was good for it 's time , but that was a along time ago in video game time -RRB- . The barbwire match is dumb . The only difference is that when an opponent is thrown to the ropes he falls down and holds his back . The cage match is weak as hell ... all Acclaim cage matches suck . The worst part of this is that the majority of matches you play in career mode are just normal matches ! NOT ECW MATCHES ! You 'd think since this is ECW all matches would be hardcore rules , but no . Just basic matches with a few gimmick matches thrown in . I 'm really disappointed about this game . It deserved so much better . If ya got ta play it , RENT FIRST !
 This game is o.k but it takes to long to load and even loner to load on a PS2 system I was not apeccting anything better that it was because Acclaim because they can ; t make wreslting games and when I go into death math mode I only got the table in the corner of the area once in about 20 times . But I loved the barded wire math the should make more wwe game with blood or a on or off button for the blood . The finishers ... or rvd to do the five star frog splash you have to beat your oppent to a pult and you have to pree way too many buttons . I have played this game on the N64 and it is much better on N 64 than on playtation . I wold rent this game first then buy it ...
 Im a huge ECW Fan but man was i mad when i played this game . It is just a direct copy of WWF Attitude . No wonder Acclaim didnt take a year to make this game cause it 's Attitude all over again . Take the loading screen for example ... the bar was red in Attitude and all the did was put the same loading screen only the bar is now purple . The engine is the same which makes this game boring fast . The barbed wired match is complete garbage . Only a fool would enjoy that match . You throw someone towards the wire and he falls and holds his back . Thats ALL YOU COULD DO ! What is so Extreme of about that . Now that Smackdown is out , this game looks even worse . Please save your money !! Good thing i rented this first . . to bad i cant get me 5 dollars back cause it 's not even worth that .
 When I first found out that ECW in the process of creating its own video game , I was incredibly excited . Finally , my favorite wrestling promotion is getting into the video game scene . I waited ... and waited ... and waited ... and , finally , it was released . I was one of the first people in line to buy the game at a local Electronics Boutique . What a letdown it turned out to be ! A HUGE letdown!Where do I start ? Well , first of all , it has the same game engine as WWF Warzone . You know what that means , right ? You have to hit a series of buttons just to pull off one move . Not fun ! Then there 's the graphics . Oh man alive ! You 're gon na love this one ! For the most part , they just used the same graphics as War Zone . They just removed the WWF names and put ECW names in their place . Not worth it ! Finally , there 's the music . Oh sweet Jesus on a cracker ! The music is pitiful ! Instead of shelling out a couple of bucks for some of the actual music that the ECW superstars used , the creative geniuses behind this clustercrunk decided to make really bad rip-off versions of their entrance music . Laughable stuff!On the plus side , there 's a create-a-wrestler mode ... but it 's nothing special . It 's the same simple piece of garbage that was used in War Zone . Not a lot of choices and certainly not a lot of fun , either !
 Boring , boring , boring . The worst ECW game ever . This game made ECW look like a complete joke . The graphics are horrible . The gameplay is boring . Overall this game sucks and is a complete waste if u buy it . They should sell this game for a dollar thats how bad it is .
 THIS , BEING THE FIRST OF ONLY 2 GAMES THAT ECW RELEASED SHORTLY BEFORE GOING OUT OF BUSINESS , IS THE WORST WRESTLING GAME EVER . THIS IS WORSE THAN '' NITRO '' , WORSE THAN WCW VS. THE WORLD , WORSE THAN ALL THAT . THIS IS AN EXACT COPY OF WWE ATTITUDE ONLY WITH ECW ARENAS AND NAMES . SURE , ALL THE ECW FAVORITES ARE HERE , SUCH AS ROB VAN DAM , TAZ -LSB- WHO 'S HIDDEN IN THIS GAME -RSB- , JUSTIN CREDIBLE , RHYNO , AND MORE . BUT , THE GRAPHICS ARE BAD AND THE GAME IS A REAL BORE TO PLAY . UNLIKE OTHER WRESTLING GAMES , THIS HAS AN M RATING AND IS VERY PROFANE -LRB- ... -RRB- AND VERY BLOODY . OTHER THAN THAT , NO BACKSTAGE ACTION , NO STAIRWAY TO HELL MATCHES , NO SANDMAN , AND ALMOST NO REAL ECW MUSIC TO EVEN HEAR , MAKES THIS THE WORST WRESTLING GAME OF ALL TIME . ECW FANS NEED N'T EVEN BOTHER TO CHECK THIS GAME OUT .
 I played WM2K before this . When I looked at it , the barbed wire ring seemed nice , so I rented it.I wish I had n't . It 's got many features WM2K has , including Create-A-PPV , Career Mode and more . Throw in configurable matches , many known wrestlers and it seems this game is as good as WM2K . Right ? Wrong . There were many things which irritated me a lot . Among the foremost were the impossibility of executing certain moves , like the Irish Whip -LRB- I wish I could just whip the enemy into the barbed wire -RRB- . Another thing is that the commentator sometimes referred to the two wrestlers as `` Player 1 '' and `` Player 2 '' , which annoyed me . The difficulty of a great deal more things , which could have been done with one mere button press in WM2K , served only to aggravate me -LRB- the manual does n't even explain how to read the moves list found in-game -RRB- . Overall , matching up fights and designing wrestlers is good for this game , but the core of it , the actual gaming , is lacking terribly . Do n't buy it .
 I bought it on the first day , thinking it would be possibly the most hardcore wrestling game ever . I was disappointed , to say the least . -LRB- I returned it the same day . -RRB- ECW itself is entertaining and a great alternative to WWF or -LRB- ugh -RRB- WCW . However , the game is boring ! Joey Styles ' commentating is barely there , and the fast-paced action we expect from ECW is watered down -- even WCW is more hardcore than this ! The game features a great cast of characters , but it lacks several key characters -LRB- like The Sandman -RRB- . The assortment of weapons is more diverse than any game , but they pack no punch.Unless you want to play more of the same boring Acclaim wrestling , do n't bother with this one .
 If you really want to play with ECW wrestlers then get WWf No Mercy and create an ECW roster . It will be better than attempting to enjoy this game .
 Just the same old game from Acclaim as the their bad WWF titles.Bad game play and controls , Buy WWF from THQ or WCW from EA . Just another bad Acclaim game .
 Acclaim ruins just about every single franchise the company gets their hands on . This is no different.This game , based on the late Philly-based wrestling promotion that changed the face of pro wrestling in America , is nothing but WWF Warzone with ECW wrestlers in it . All the shortcomings that effected WWF WARZONE and WWF ATTITUDE -LRB- Acclaim 's WWF games -RRB- are all over this game as well . The limitations of motion capture in videogames is apparent considering that the wrestlers move like they have n't used the bathroom in weeks . The generic music shows that Acclaim was too lazy to get the rights to the wrestlers respective theme songs -LRB- unlike the WWF and WCW , ECW uses real songs as theme music , like Pantera 's `` Walk '' for Rob Van Dam , Ice Cube & Dr. Dre 's `` Natural Born Killas '' for New Jack , etc. -RRB- This game does a poor job in capturing the legacy of ECW.If Paul Heyman would have used the money to pay his wrestlers instead of using it to make a deal with Acclaim to make this horrible game , ECW would still be in business today.You are better off using you money to get ECW DVD 's . Do n't waste your time thinking of this or any other Acclaim franchise game .
 I personally do not like these Akklaim games . I bought WWF Warzone and i bought this one , just because it was a HUGE step for a great wrestling federation in EC F 'N W ! Yet i am truly disappointed . I personally think THQ should take ECW up as their follow up to WWF WM2K ! The only good thing about this game is the new and vast modes it offers . If they make another ECW game except this time from THQ -LRB- with their play control -RRB- they should include all the game modes . Plus , have some backstage and `` in the crowd '' fights . ECW truly deserves a better product that 100 % expresses what it is like to be at an ECW show , and i think THQ is the only one that can accomplish that .
 Unless you are a die-hard ECW fan and ca n't get enough of ECW wrestlers , then this game is just a clone of WWF Attitude . Acclaim lost their contract with the WWF , but picked up the rights to ECW and released this game.The graphics are n't too bad , but it has the same un-fun playability that `` Attitude '' had . There are the same things to find/unlock and there is little lasting quality about pretty much everything.I was not an ECW fan , so I did now know who half the wrestlers where , in fact I knew maybe 1 or 2 , but more importantly , I could not select the right moves for my Created Wrestlers because of the difference to the WWF name of moves they use . It would have been great to have a preview showing what the move is before you choose to add it to your CAW 's move list . That 's a huge advantage to why THQ have been a better choice overall with their WWF games.The backgrounds are very dull , but a bit better then Attitudes , the characters look realistic , but are very fake in their motions . About the only thing interesting about the game is a new match that wasnt in Attitude , it 's a barbed wire match . But it 's not fun , as soon as you whip your opponent into it they just fall down instead of being tangled up ... they should have added some mine 's to the match , and had explosions , that would have made it a cool . But overall , this game was never going to be destined for great things . A company that had a cult following and is now immortalized by WWE , but in the day this game was released , it was only going to appeal to hardcore ECW fans or , like myself , those that found it in the cheapie bin because no one wanted them .
 Instead of getting a new , eye popping , extremely hardcore , extremely dope and a totally revolutionary game , we got a game that was released months before . Like many of you , I was very disappointed.I 'm a big fan of ECDub . I even flew out to Philly once for it . But when I bought ECW Hardcore Revolution , I got totally ripped off . All it is was WWF Attitude with different wrestlers and a Barbed Wire match.Nothing was really changed about it either . Same gameplay , same graphics , same everything , and total dissatisfaction . Granted yes when Acclaim lost the title to release WWF games and nearly killed the WWF franchise with it 's awful new games -LRB- not including any of the older Acclaim WWF releases on SNES -RRB- , why did n't they learn anything from that and not do that to EC F 'n W ??? Like I said it was the same game as WWF Attitude , which was n't all that good either but it was entertaining for a while . Now granted yes that in theory , this should have been fun too but by the time this was released , we 'd seen all of that and then some in WWF Attitude and there was truly no need for this game unless you loved the ECW brand.Don ' t get this one . Even if it was the last thing that had anything to do with ECW you could still do without this game . If you really had your heart set on collecting anything from ECW , I would suggest getting some old ECW DVD 's and VHS -LRB- if you still have VHS -RRB- . That way at least you 'll be able to hang onto the last threads of the TRUE EC F 'n W.
 WHY WHY WHY WOULD ANY ONE IN THE WRITE MIND BUY THIS GAME IT IS JUNK DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME IT IS SO BOARING IT IS HARD TO LOCK UP AND DO A MOVE OF COURSE I BOUGHT THE GAME FOR 5 $ WHAT DO U EXSPECT FOR 5 $ . DONT HATE THE PLAYER HATE THE GAME ,
 ECW is the same thing like WWF ATTITUDE , only worse.ECW 's commentary man Joey Styles does n't talk at all!WWF 's commentary is better , they talk the whole time in a match.There 's so many flaws in this game , I ca n't name them all.What I 'm trying to say is , ECW ... !
 This game is so very lame do n't by it unless u want to die of boredom . You will regret it if you by it !
 This version for the PlayStation does not come close to the Nintendo 64 version . The game lacks the quick agility and smooth operation of the Nintendo 64 version . This PlayStation version should never have been released to the public . 3DO has a lot to answer for ever releasing this poor quality of a game.I just wish that someone at 3DO would have tried this PlayStation version first before releasing it.I give it a Rating of 1 Star -LRB- although it deserves a lot lower rating -RRB- . If you love this type of game than the original console game `` Pong '' would be your speed .
 one of the worst racing games ever made . real recomended age - 99-100 ... if your that old , you wo n't notice the bad parts of the game , and wo n't even know ur playing it !
 the worst product ever every time i hit the switch nothing comes on in i had no money to ship it back i do not like amazon cause they let people sale you broke things in people do n't get they refunds back .
 Or as it should be titled . It seems that everyone is sacrificing quality for excitment . Acecombat 2 was more exciting than Acecombat 3 for one main reason , speed . In Ace2 you had better handling , you can always count on your plane turning when you wanted to . You had the option of configuring your joysticks so you can utilize all the buttons , I do n't know about anyone else but when I think of shooting a missle or guns I think `` Trigger '' . I really enjoyed Ace2 because it was always a challenge , you always had to work really hard to get to the next level or get new planes . Ace2 planes moved so well that my wife could not watch the television during dog fights or she would get nauseous . Now lets look at the flipside of that , Ace3 has great graphics . That should be all but I can add a few more credits . I thought it was great how they added the directional ring on the HUD which tells you which direction you 're facing and even if you 're upside down . The sound is better and it did have a few surprises locked away . I was blown away with the plane/spaceship which was totally unexpected but a nice addition . The total downside to Ace3 was the lack of joystick configuration , how badly the planes handle and did I mention how slow it is . It 's even amazing to me that I can say all this about this game and I only had since this morning . I waited so long for this game to come out and I must say I was greatly dissapointed . I always thought that when something comes in series , the next number is better that the last , not the case here . This game though it may look good does not deliver the same adrenaline pumping excitment Ace2 did . It 's so mind-numbing my wife can play it . ACE3 should have been the training game to prepare for Ace2 and even though I 'm only halfway through the game I still would n't be ready .
 I have been enjoying the ace combat series for sometime now . But this one leaves alot to be desired . The mission briefs were dull and very uninspired . The missions themselves were very similar . It did n't take long before one mission seemed the same as the next . The aircraft designs were very cool and that was the best part of the game . Some of them were nigh brilliant . Although most of them were enemy aircraft.I finished the game in around 3 hours which makes its lasting appeal minimal . I am waiting to see what they are going to do on the PS2.If you played the others then give it a play . It 's still an okay way to spend a couple of hours .
 Now , I 've been playing the Air/Ace Combat series since I got my hands on a PSX .2 continues to juice me up even today.When I first heard Ace Combat 3 was being made , I stormed over to media sections for it.I was in complete awe of the anime scenes and complex story of the Japanese version , spanning 2 disks.Seeing how it took Namco quite some time to bring it over to our American shores , I thought they were taking extra time to dub it w / great american voice talents.Instead , I got the product of reckless slashing.Ace Combat 3 : Electrosphere maintains little if none of its increadible cinematic elements , now spannng only 1 disk.W / the loss of its great story , the new storyline seems incomplete , confusing , and outright boring.What in the he !! is an electrosphere , anyway?One will never know unless they take a look at the game 's stunning Japanese counterpart.The HUD has been redisgned in an odd and unapeeling way , as some instruments have been cut , leaving u blind to their functions.I will admit though : The graphics of this game are breath taking.AWSOME afternoon water affects can be seen in the 1st sortie of the game.The jet models , from the g-pulling bad boys we have now a-days to the awkward yet sexy designs of the futuristic fighters have no rival on a 32 bit console.The soundtrack can have mixed responses.While some are pretty well balanced Japanese dance tunes , the other slow electronica pieces can EASILY put you to sleep in the middle of flying.Any of you wanting another Top Gun style soundtrack found in the previous games , your prayers have not been answered.Just turn it off and slap `` Danger Zone '' into ur player.Anime fans , however , may find a few of the tracks extremly driving.Many start up slow , but they can kick it up later on.You also now have the ability of selecting numurous types of missles , guns , bombs , and even laser cannons depending on what your missions call for.The plane 's abilities , though , have been altered for the worst.You no longer purchase your own aircraft , nor are you awarded $ at all in your missions.Instead , you are given aircraft depending on yur performance per mission , which can be very frusterating in some missions.No more wingmen are availible , however in about all of 3 -LSB- -LRB- out of 36 -RRB- -LRB- Its Japanese original had 52 , based on 4 different alliances -RRB- -RSB- missions u are given a buddy to turn and burn w / . Those people would have much more meaning had the plot been left undamaged ... Mid air refueling has been added to the game , buts its seldom seen.Plus , all landings & such can be automatically avoided by pressing the `` Autopilot '' button.In dogfights , your enemies are either piloted by a senior or by a steroided air god , as seen in the last missions.You have the ability to look around your canopy for enemies now , but anyone skiled enough in using their radar has no need for this.Aircraft wise , my biggest complaints : The F-22 has lost its dominance -LRB- although it is 47 years old in the story ... -RRB- Stealth jets are n't stealth , AND THERE 'S NO F-14 !!! With that being said , Ace Combat 3 is a beatiful , yet extremly dissapointing game for any follower of the series.Import the JPN version , play more Ace Combat 2 , an increadible game in itself , or wait a couple more weeks for Ace Combat 4 : Shattred Skies , availible for the PS2 late october 2001 , which if unscrathced -LRB- or even if snipped a little -RRB- will be the DEFINANT cosole flight sim.Just dont waste a wallet full of $ on this , for it 's truley a `` Crash & burn , huh Mav ? ''
 If you are going for a good flight-sim than turn elsewhere . If you want a good flight-shooter than this is for you , almost.This game is just meaningless shoot this and then blow this up . Every mission plays almost the same . I was bored out of my mind very quickly but forced myself to play thinking that Namco could not have ... up so bad . Just one more step over the hill and then it 's all clear . Nope . Do yourself a favor and find yourself a copy of Ace Combat 2 instead . At least Namco cleared it 's name with Ace Combat 4 . Get either 2 or 4 and do n't bother with 3 .
 BORING ! This is a hard and stupid game . And it 's title AceCombat03
 This game is one of the worst games I 've ever played and I 've played a lot of bad games . Do not buy it . I wasted thirty dollars on it .
 For some reason , these games sell well . Boggles the mind . This game is just as bad as the first , probably worse . The controls are n't as responsive as they should be and the graphics are just bad . Playstation graphics are n't always the best but they can be much better than this chunky , ugly game . It 's also too hard . Challenge is one thing , but enemies that can take you down before you can see them is n't fair or even remotely close to being fun . Do not get this game !
 This is ` nt great If you 've allready played # 1 aside from the fact that it is an entirely different story and the adition of lian as aplayable character , but the gameplay is the same a few new weapons but nothing major . My maine point is do n't buy this game if you did n't majorly enjoy # 1 .
 This game is one of the worst I 've played . If you want a game full of suspense , realism , and intrigue then this game is NOT for you . If you want a game of mindless running and constant shooting then by all means this is it . There is no reality here . It takes 30 bullets to kill anyone ! You are just running blind hoping not to get killed . If you want a realistic game full of suspense and excitement then buy Medal of Honor . Leave Syphon Filter II to the two year olds .
 I personally believe that it is unnesesary to use a `` kit '' to clean your old cartrage systems . I currently own the NES , N64 , & Gameboy Color , but the NES is the only system that I normally get trouble out of.When the screen is blinking on and off , or when there is `` garble '' on your TV , it usually means that there is a poor electrical connection between the contacts , which is often caused by dirt or grime.If blowing on them does n't work , which is usually the case . I use an old toothbrush and rubbing alcohol for the cartrages , and a small paintbrushfor the console ; just dip it in , shake it , and scrub ; it works perfect 98 % of the time and will not corrode the contacts .
 No one would have fun playing because people would be selecting there player , and people wold fight for who gets Sammy Sosa . who would you rather be Sammy Sosa ... Or `` Scarlet `` I wold not recomend this game
 I see no difference with this cable compared to the original Xbox cable , but I am probably doing something wrong .
 Save your self and do not buy ... I bought this for my son for Christmas . He has asked for a ping pong table . I thought I was being clever . Not enough action for a typical 11 year old . He showed me how slow the game was , ... wow it was truly a flahback to technology of the 80 ` swhy would anyone want to recapture that era when we are so much more advanced on the tech of today . Buy a video game in this era ...
 Test Drive has made some great games , however this is not one of them . The controls are unnatural and the races are redundant . The best thing about this game is looking at the cars and their interiors . If your looking for a great racing game I suggest checking out Gran Turismo or Burnout Paradise .
 Whoever reads this review DO NOT buy this game . Pros-Cool cars and the ability to buy property and upgrade interiors . Cons-Set button configuration ; I always try to set my button config . the same way but on here you cant even change it from automatic to standard and the way they made it really really sucks . Crap soundtrack contains a bunch of artist I 've never heard of and they just suck.This game blows , playing N.F.S Hot Pursuit 2 is more enjoyable and more realistic , and its 5 years old , you can be goning top speed and slam into anything and have nothing to show for it.Overall I Wish I had just stayed with Need for Speed the graphics and the gameplay are way better . All in all if you are gon na get a racing game stick N.F.S , Gran Turismo and Forza and do n't waste your time -LRB- or money -RRB- on this sorry excuse for a game .
 There was way too much hype around this game . First of all , the graphics are comparable to many Gamecube games . All the cars sound the same . And , the storyline is horrible . Also , savefiles fail frequently , requiring you to reset the game and start from the beginning ! the only good thing I can think up is that the game does have an amazing selection of cars . IMPORTANT
 bad game , the overall driveing physics of this game is horrable . When you have a a car thats stickshift and u shift it it lags the gear change like a slow automatic transmission . but if u have a really high end car and u shift it it shifts faster . This shouldnt matter the stickshift on a honda civic should shift as fast as a lambo because its a clutch and a lever and its up to the speed of the hand and foot to change the gear .
 i live on oahu , and was very excited to hear about the game . i even live off one of the major highways in the game ... but after i played TDU i was very disapointed that it LOOKS NOTHING AT ALL LIKE OAHU ! i mean all the buildings and houses , are gone ! there are way more trees , and even the sea life park -LRB- featured in 50 first dates -RRB- was not there ! the roads surrounding it were there , but they put some houses instead . is it so hard to at least program some of the major sites if they are boasting about how the map of the island is accurate ? that aside , it is not even that great of a racing game , i would recommend need for speed most wanted instead .
 the concept of this idea is cool , the layout is cool , but the driving is wack and its confusing and boring . this game could of been a lot better
 I was at college and wanted something to help pass time and the 4x4 Evo did for a little bit , but then got pretty boring . You ca n't drive over rocks , even the smallest rocks ... which does n't make any sense to me in a 4x4 off-road game . I do n't remember the Muscle Car game being any better .
 I have n't actually played this yet but my biggest issue is that this controller wo n't let you use rechargeable batteries which I have . If I could then no problem I could just keep charging them up but I do n't want to spend more money when I do n't have to .
 The graphics for dig dug are awful . It 's a cheap imitation . I do n't know what they did to make this but it 's definitely NOT the arcade version which btw I just had one of which I fixed for afriend of mine so I know how it should look . This thing is a cruel joke .
 I bought this game for my younger cousin for christmas and to my disappointment I was told it does n't work all the time . When he plugs it in sometimes he has to bang the controller in order for it to work . I was very bothered by that . I do n't mind if a product is used but if it does n't work properly then it should have been said .
 I finally tossed this game system after becoming frustrated with its crudely-constructed joystick . Even a thumb-operated stick would have worked better than the substandard joystick Jakks went with . I think most the games stored on the system are cool and have their place in history , but the cheapo hardware make this system a loser .
 Do n't be fooled by the advertising or the other reviews . The games are NOT the original arcade code . The original arcade sounds are NOT used . Many are SIMILAR but not the same.Pac-Man looks good , but the A.I. is off and familiar patterns will not work . Also , too much time is given when you eat the energizers , making the game easier.Rally-X plays great but the sound is way off.Galaxian looks just like Galaxian if you squint . Plays decent but not arcade perfect . Missing background sounds.Dig-Dug looks good but fails in motion . Dig-Dug takes odd chunks out of the terrain when he moves . The A.I. is set for stoooopid as the Fygars and Pookas act nothing like they should . Where are the flowers across the top of the screen?Bosconian lacks the speech which was one of the main addictive draws of the arcade game . Due to the screen reformatting , the radar overlays the screen . Unlike the arcade game , you can not move in diagonal directions . Sound emulation is n't even close!The one thing I was impressed with for the price was the controller . It feels like actual arcade microswitches were used . I wish whoever designed the controller was also in charge of the game emulation.If you are looking for games that are arcade LIKE and not the actual games , here you go ! If you want accurate arcade emulation , look elsewhere .
 The version of Pac Man on this little unit is n't the good one you might remember . If you 'll hark back to the Pat Benatar days , you 'll recall there was a `` fake Pac Man '' that was released in the 80s . -LRB- The Pac Man itself was a little too round , the sound was off ... something was amiss , yet many did n't notice . If you were a true afficianado , you noticed -RRB- . Well , this fake one is the one that 's shipped with this unit . And it 's just as disappointing as it used to be . It 's not the real pac man.Also , the Rally X `` radar screen '' that was in the lower right in the real game is overlayed on top of the actual driving screen . Not good.I think that Dig Dug fans will rejoice , however . It seems to look and work like the old one .
 I was disappointed . There is some very accurate emulation of these games for the PC but this device left me feeling cheated . Not only are some sounds missing , but all are quite a bit different than the original arcade versions . The first game I fired up , Pacman , looked a bit different than the original with dots making up the maze border instead of solid lines . Other reviews have covered additional letdowns of this device so I 'll refrain from covering the same material . I would attribute all of the shortcomings to limitations and compromises made in attempting to emulate these games on a CPU cheap enough to allow the low price of the device . If you are looking for the true arcade experience then I would look elsewhere as there are other solutions available . If you are just looking for a decent port -LRB- which this feels like -RRB- then I think there are also better solutions . However , the convenience , portibility and price of this device might be enough to overcome the shortcomings of this device for some people . I 'm looking forward to another company trying this as I do like the idea of having an arcade/console gaming device without the hassle and expense of cartidges or CDs .
 I bought this for my young brother and it worked once , after that when he tried to play it it would work for about 2 mintues and then turn the TV fuzzy so u could not see it . Afterwards I found out this had happened to several people who had bought this item . If u buy i hope it works .
 then go out and buy Microsoft 's Return of the Arcade Anniversary Edition . Namco lacks totally on Pac Man 's , Galaxian 's sounds and takes the genuine experience to an all time low . They knew they had complaints about this version because the second version with Ms. Pacman , Galaga , etc. they did the right thing and did a great job . Except for the complaints I have been hearing about the controls for Ms. Pacman . This first version should be redone if it wants the real arcade fanatic to buy it . Warning
 The collection should have been good , but the versions of the games are not the exact arcade versions , so they just do n't feel right . Bosconian is the worst offender . I was going to buy this gadget just because it had Bosconian , which was one of my favorite games when I was a kid . However , when I finally found a place that had one connected to a TV , I discovered that it was a console version ! It had no speech , the ships were out of scale -LRB- the bases were n't huge compared to ships -RRB- , the sound effects were weak , and -LRB- as I recall -RRB- it did n't even have squadron bonuses or mystery ships . Although I played Pac-Man briefly , I was disappointed by it as well.If this toy was re-released with emulated versions of the original ROMs instead of the console versions , I would definitely buy it and give it 4 or 5 stars , because it would be a true sample of arcade history .
 It seems all the TV games have a flaw or two , but the Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man TV games are both not worth buying.Pac Man by ToyMax is nothing like the arcade version . The sounds are way off , and the PAC MAN is a GIANT and so are the ghosts . Also the patterns that used to work do not work in this poorly converted game . If you are expecting a Pac Man like the arcade , DO NOT BUY . If you just want to play Pac Man that is similar to the arcade then you might like it . The joystick seems to be made pretty good on this Pac Man by ToyMax , unlike Ms. Pac Man which the joystick will break in a matter of days or weeks.It depends on whether you want a Pac Man like the Arcade or not , if you are expecting anything similar to the arcade DO NOT BUY .
 My only real complaint is that the game is way way too difficult to play . The game ramps up the speed after the 1st level and even the most seasoned fan will have difficulty . There should have been a difficulty setting . My kids have lost interest , and so have I.
 Just got this for Christmas . The kids have been playing with it for the last two days and now the picture is messed up . It has all sorts of noise on it and you ca n't even see what you are doing . Total play time before it broke was probably about 12 hours . Will be trying to get a replacement since the kids love it . Hopefully , that one will last longer .
 I was so excited when I bought this , but the entire experience was a disappointment due to the design of the console.You have to hold this unruly awkward shaped little box down with a deathgrip to prevent it from tipping over which becomes a distraction from the gameplay itself.I wind up just giving up after about 5 minutes because my left arm and hand become exhausted from fighting against gravity . Once I 've peeled my left hand from the console , it is imprinted with the jutting edges of the base and my hand becomes cramped.I went out and bought suction cups and double stick foam tape to attach the base to the table and that idea failed miserably.Also frustrating , I end up accidentally hitting the reset button every time because it is such a struggle to hold the console down . Whenever I start getting somewhere in a game I lose it all in a literal flash.It should be the game you 're playing that 's the challenge . . not keeping the console stationary .
 Beware . The games are all perfectly identical to the arcade , but the console runs all the games about 50 % too fast . As a result you can barely get past the first screen in any of the games . This makes it pretty much worthless .
 Save your money and do not buy this junk-The stick is poorly designed , and hard to hold . . Get a real gaming system
 I received my MsPacman 5in1 game yesterday , and decided to play pole position first . After about 2 races and no harsh treatment at all , the whole game went squiggley and then did n't work when you would turn the yellow knob left or right -LRB- kinda like a steering wheel for the racing game -RRB- . the controller seems to work for the other games , but it 's really not even worth 20 bucks . The mspacman game is a cheap knockoff , nothing like the original . The sounds are terrible . I 'm going to shop for an original old atari , that would be a lot better than this piece of garbage . I even bought the other 10 in 1 atari-style controller , and that is garbage too . what a waste . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY OF THESE . TRUST ME ! They need to be built better . I 'm not even a little kid who might be rough on it , I was just trying to see if they 'd be like originals from when I was growing up .
 This is a perfect example of a product that looks great in the store and completely STINKS when you take it out of the box and actually use it at home.In theory , I love it
 I was very dissapointed because this game does not show clearly , it seems to have problems with in the wires . My kids can not enjoy this game at all . I thought that it would be ok to buy a used game on line , but now I will think twice . I will stick to buying books .
 As many have said , the sound is off . It 's close enough to be reminiscient , but far enough off that I * immediately * noticed it.Game play is not true to original arcade versions . AIs think differently and old patterns dont work . The real down side of this is that the AIs are dumber than in the original.Reset button is too close to the fire button and too close to side of unit . Will find yourself accidently hitting it when in the midst of rapid fire and when trying to hang on to the clumsy shaped box while dodging enemies with joystick.Unit 's box shape is clumsy and hard to hold . Would be better if it wasnt so tall.Joystick does have a good solid feel to it . And despite problems mentioned above , games are fun.All in all , if you want some fun games that are reminiscient of the games of the past and have similar sounds and game play , then get it . If you want a unit that plays * exactly * like the originals , dont bother.Be sure to shop around . I have seen units lately that have been selling for anywhere from $ 14.95 to $ 29.99 . Some with free shipping -LRB- even some of the stores selling it for $ 14.95 -RRB- and others with high shipping .
 I bought this for the `` Prestige Power '' but as it turns out , you can not use it if you already have an existing account . Unless you are willing to have that account deleted -LRB- losing all of your current characters -RRB- and start all over . The screen shots are nice , and I enjoyed the trailer , but I am glad that this `` bonus '' disk only cost a buck ! Amazon should REALLY note in the description that you can not actually USE the prestige power on an existing account !
 I agree with most of the negative feeds on this keyboard-poor visibility/poor illumination/loud hum when EL is on . This review is about their customer service . That does n't rock either.I got this because i had dim vision and in a normally lit room i could n't see the letters on a KB . My illumination did n't work most of the time . If i left the switch on it would just start working and then as suddenly stop working . I started the customer rma process in january of 07 and have pursued it all the way through my Attorney General 's consumer complaint division . I sent the defective unit back and there has NEVER been a case where they contacted me . I always had to call them . I would n't buy anything this company makes because of this lousy response to my legitiimate complaints .
 1 . The keys are lifeless . Flat and planar , it 's easy to hit the wrong key .2 . The El is noisy . Mine hums audibly . As mentioned by another reviewer , the board lights up and the letters are solid , which makes them hard to see .3 . After only a month of regular daily use , my left shift key has occassionally stopped functioning , as has the enter key on the num pad.it 's pretty -LRB- oh , there goes my shift key again .0 -RRB- , but is inherently a bad design that is poorly executed . i bet no one at Irocks uses these keyboards . i 'm sorely dissapointed .
 The most effective way to illuminate a keyboard is light through the letters only ... This keyboard is the opposite of that and is quite a shoddy design for keyboard illumination ... Otherwise it 's ok ... I would be embarrassed if i designed this keyboard .
 i bought this game and i was so disappointed . It is good but i finished it in two hours . there is no save function and you can not save during the middle of a game . there are 6 levels and you have to collect crystals and it is impossible . it has good graphics but it is very easy to finish
 What a Dumb idea . The Powerpuffs are so stupid and this proves it ! Not only are the girls stupid in the game , but if you do n't mind it you 'll still hate it .
 The game looks cute , but when I got it and started playing it I could n't even get passed the first level ! I do n't think I 'm THAT bad at playing video games , but with this one I am ! The graffics and colors are cute , and so is the concept but for me it 's just too hard . What you do is you have the three girls floating around and you lead them and shoot bad guys and when you shoot someone you get a little circle that you have to pick up . I think you have to get a certain number of those circles . But when your girl gets hit , her `` will to fight '' goes down and eventually-if you get hit enough-that girl disappears and you have to play with a different girl . You can switch back and forth with the girls though , which is fun . It 's a cute game but too hard for me !
 In my opinion it 's just too much like it would be in an arcade . You do n't even see the gun when you shoot . It 's fun for about five minutes . It really stinks when youre expecting something more from the game . I give this game two stars because of the graphics . They are pretty good considering that the game SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . As a fellow video gamer I advise you not to buy ths game . It was a waste of my fifty dollars .
 First of all , I 'm not a first-person shooter freak . However , I started playing this game for the first time at two o'clock one saturday . I fully completed the game at four thirty later that afternoon . I thought the graphics were great , the bosses a bit too easy to beat , and the missions not too complicated . I guess that 's why it only took me 21/2 hours to beat . I think a two-player mode would add to the fun . Their version of a two-player game is getting two TV 's and hooking up 2 PS2 's via i-Link . I have n't played the first Silent Scope so I ca n't compare the two , but I do n't like how you only control the sniper gun . I thought you would be able to move around , but the game does that for you . Overall , I would stay away from this game if you really want to shoot things . Instead , try Metal Gear Solid 2 or Half-Life were you have control of every move . Or at least RENT IT FIRST .
 I do n't think I have ever found a more boring game .
 this game is a terrible game of a sniper and killing people thats not the problem with it though . u might like it because of the arcade game where u can use a plastic sniper rifel to aliminate the terrorists . however u cant use a gun or special controller for this game.and to my appinion it sucks
 ECK , for the love of god stay away from this terrible game ! i got this because it looked so cool in a magazine , and its always cool to pretend your an assassin -LRB- whips out a gun and shoots silent scope 2 -RRB- selling or destroying this game may be the only satisfaction you get out of it . it might have been fun if there was a gun compatible with it , but there is not . instead you must struggle with the analog stick . if you like shooting things i would reccomend Time Crisis 2 , get the one with the gun and its a blast .
 silent scope 2 was the most boring pile of monkey ... I have ever seen and played . this game should die and burn in ... . I think this game deserves a 1 rating because it truly ... my noodle . Warning do not buy this horrible noodle ... game .
 This game is a combanation of X1 2 and 3 . its pretty fun but way to easy . with using DNA souls to buy upgrades make your charecter way to strong . boss stratgies suck and this is easyer then X5 that pretty sad . still it has the same classic music and graphics . also there a fully playable zero for all you zero lovers out there . you cant duck but thats not a down side . I thick they shoud make Xtreme 3 maybe that would be better . BUT DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON AN EASY GAME LIKE THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is ok . If you like easy games of course . It took me about 4 hrs to beat the entire game . Tony hawk took me a little over a week the first time without the strat guide to beat it with 1 person . I think it 's just better to get Tony Hawk 3 . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND RENT IT !!!
 if u want to buy a skateboarding game then stick to tony hawk this game is horrible . the tony hawk games beet everything about this game . there is hardly any moves u can do . for flip tricks all u can do is pop shoveit heelflip kickflip and hardflip . u cant even do double kickflips . when u grind there is no balance meter u just lean to one side . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!! there is hardly any levels and only 8 skaters . this game is really bad . the graphics are good but tony hawk still beets them .
 This game is bad . Theres good graphics and thats about it . horrid music and a very small assortment of tricks , and some tricks dont even have names . It also has a very unconsitent frame-rate -LRB- always slowing down -RRB- THPS3 is almost here , and that will blow this game out of the water .
 This game does lots of thing so-so and nothing great . There are n't many tricks , the levels do n't have many good lines , the music is stinky ... Beware
 This game is awful ! If anyone is thinking `` Tony Hawk '' when they look at this game , think it not !!! There is no concept of motion whatsoever . Even if you are able to cancel out that annoyng announcer , you still get to put up with awful gaming and second hand punk rock . This is surely a ten minute game designed to rake in a few bucks before Hawk 3 . Save your money my friends . Tony Hawk three is just around the corner . If you 're not game skating with Neversoft , then apparently it is n't `` skating game software '' .
 I should 've known this game would stink . I 've played Grind Session , Thrasher , Andy Mac , & now this & they 're all terrible!First of all , the graphics are n't that good . Skaters with trademarks are recognizable -LRB- ie , Bob 's glasses or Chad 's afro -RRB- but the rest are impossible to tell apart . Kerry Getz looks like a bum in skate clothes ! And all these `` high definition '' graphics cause the game to slow sporadically , which gets really irritating.Second , the gameplay is infuriating . Half the times you try to do a grab trick you end up doing nothing . I 'd sit there hitting the buttons numerous times while my skater simply did an ollie off the ramp . And good luck trying to spin anything . The only way for you to spin is to hit the switch stance button , which would be fine if your skater was consistent in their airs . But it 's impossible to tell whether you 're gon na do a 180 air or an air to fakie so that throws off your rotation . Balancing grinds on ledges & rails is ridiculously hard . You 'll be holding the direction pad down for a good 3 seconds before you even notice that your skater is moving , but a lotta times you fall anyways.Third , the game objectives are n't explained at all . In Tony Hawk , the objective says `` Wallride the bell '' . In this game , it says `` Crash license '' , but you hafta guess whether you 're wallriding or knocking something over or just running into it ; you spend half the time just figuring out what you 're supposed to do.Lastly , this may seem trivial to video gamers but it 's important to skaters ; the trick terminology is way off . This is a problem I 've had with ESPN for a long time , even on their website they name tricks all wrong . They call a varial a backside kickflip ! It 's like none of the skaters got asked whether the game was right or not . What is a disaster slide ? Skaters call 'em lipslides . And a pop heel ? That 's a heelflip varial . The K-grind -LRB- aka crooked grind -RRB- looks like a noseslide . Here 's the clincher , they call a 360 flip a 360 kickflip . These are 2 completely separate moves , it 's not even wrong naming . A 360 flip is when the board does a 360 popshuvit with a kickflip . A 360 kickflip is when you spin a 360 & do a kickflip.I feel sorry for Bob Burnquist ; he thought leaving Tony Hawk 's game & getting his own would more lucrative for him . He could n't have been more wrong . If you absolutely must play this game do n't buy it , rent it . That 's what I did & I 'm still upset about it . But if you can hold out , wait for Hawk 3 ; the Tony Hawk series has yet to disappoint .
 I got this game very quickly when it first came out , then got rid of it even quicker once I realized just how bad it really was . There is no tutorial to guide you through the basics -- what is the deal ? The graphics are funky , just plain funky . Long story short , go buy Advance Wars , that game R-O-C-K-S
 I 'm feeling sorry for myself , cuase I wasted some money on a game that I dont even play anymore.Please keep reading if your planning on buying this . Dont be exicted by this game where you have to have it . I happen to be a real favorite of strategy games , espessialy advance wars for the gba . Now if youre planning to buy this game I urge you to take a look at the graphics on any site if you can . The graphics are so poor that it discouarges me from playing it . There sounds to be a lot of great stuff but it all gets wasted away with the problems . You can have one dinosuar species and as long as you advertise youre fine . If you buy this game youll see what I 'm talking about . The manual is a joke , it dosent do a thing but waste your time . The idea of creating dinosuars is great but Konami didnt know what they were doing making the moveis look bad . I urge you not to buy this game unless your a dinosuar fan and only play sim games . I 'm a real strategy player and i cant even look at this game without thinking how poorly made it was . Theres plenty of other games for gba , just wait untill maybe a friend gets it or as always rent before you buy ! I have here a pro and con list : + have a fun time designing your own park . + find dinosuar dna + trade others dna blocks + change prices on items and fees-no new options as you progress-no point in many species of dinosuars-horrible manual , really bad ! - for most people a waste of time and money-you have to advertise about every month , it costs a ton too ! - not many people have the game to trade dna-no real ending to it-not much of a point to beating it-graphics are horrible!Graphics may not be the game but for many gamers graphics is a factor unless you have suberb game play . Keep in mind that you cant build anything new as you progress . Not much of a game for regular gamers . If you plan on playing it right you better find a site with the nerve to put up a guide for this game . Dont forget that I actully bought this game , and played it . If you still want it after you have read all this you must be nuts ! Anyway type in Isla Nublar for a different map .
 Boring Need I say more ... . A new low For the GBA . If you want a game like this get advance wars .
 its boring , stupid and has horrible grafics.it gives jurassic park a bad name.I only gave it 2 stars because I like dinosaurs.grafics 2/5fun 1/5sound 0/5gameplay 2/5dinofacts 3/5
 There are multiple versions of Freelancer available on Amazon , and this is the more expensive of the two . This version also clearly displays a boxed product , as the cover art used is upright rectangular and not square -LRB- as the jewel case would be -RRB- . I spent some time thinking about it and eventually bought this more expensive version so that I 'd have the box and all that came with it -LRB- manual , etc -RRB- , instead of simply the liner notes that would come with the jewel case version.Well , do n't waste your money . I simply received a jewel case product , without even liner notes . This version of the product is a complete scam , and you should simply buy the cheaper version that lists itself as the jewel case product.The game is great , but this is one of the few times I 've ever felt that Amazon completely misled me into a fraudulent situation . It 's not worth my time to return it -LRB- the price difference is only $ 10 -RRB- , but I figured I 'd warn others to try to make sure the same thing does n't happen to others .
 Cheap is the active description . Rip-off is the verdict . If you want a great game , in the tradition of Elite and Privateer , turn to EgoSoft out of Germany . X-Beyond the Frontier , X-Tension , and the newly released X2-The Threat , all blow Microsoft 's lame game to shame . Freelancer should be relegated to not the bargain-bin , -LRB- as it is now -RRB- , but to the trash bin . And if you did play Freelancer , and actually liked it , then you will LOVE X2 ! And yes , they have an English version . And they continue to come up with add-ons - not `` patches '' , but real additions to the game ala `` The Sims '' , for free download by registered owners . Make money trading , owning factories , blowing up Pirates or other bad guys , and capture ships . Own a fleet of transports , fighters , corvettes , destroyers , battleships and carriers ! Compared to X2 by Egosoft , Freelancer is a poor Craker Jacks prize . And Egosoft has been growing this franchise for a long , long time .
 I 'll get to the most important part of ANY game ... the gameplay aspect.Combat - Boring , one-dimensional , and forced third-person view . Using ONLY the mouse -LRB- thats right , no joystick -RRB- you must blast away enemy spacecraft while traveling from point A to point B. Fighting is not involving . Also , if you do n't do what they say within a certain time period , you are automatically awarded `` Mission Failed '' -LRB- so you ca n't plot your own course to avoid enemies ... -RRB- If you 've fought one battle , you 've fought them all . Think of a downgraded version of StarLancer.AI - Your wingmen do n't really do enough to prove their worth . They fail to effectively support you when your taking a lot of fire . You get most of the kills , making you wonder why you even have wingem to begin with . Enemy AI is weak -LRB- when you aquire a target , he does n't seem to fight back or surprise you to the point of being satisfied from the fight.When your not fighting - Your either docked at a base , or your planet side . Sounds cool right ? Well , it would have been great , but the stupid developers decided to limit your movement and your exploration abilities . You are forced to select from 5 areas on all the planets -LRB- the bar , The docking bay , the two equipment dealers , the ship dealer -RRB- . To move from place to place , all you do is click the icons on your display -LRB- thats right , not walking to and from areas -RRB- . The Story - The only good thing about the game , and even it 's somewhat lacking . A good story draws you in from beginnning to end , but this game leaves you behind , and you wonder why you should even care about whats going on ... after all its a `` Freelance '' type game , and you should be able to do what you want -LRB- create your own story , so-to-speak -RRB- . Overall , do n't expect this game to be like Morrowind , or have the combat of a Wing-Commander/Starlancer/X-Wing type game .
 Overall I liked the game . It is the same great type of space flight simulator that we have come to love from this production team . However this game has some detractors that made me put it down and walk away . The primary and most serious of these problems is the flight control . The game is controlled exclusively by mouse . There is not even an option for joystick flight . I think their intenet was to make the HUD interface better . I had a horrible time with flying and shooting and the targeting system was off as well . The voice acting -LRB- at least in the demo -RRB- was pretty deadpan and uninspiring . The graphics were ok but not any better than Privateer 2 . The only good aspect was that the ganme seemed more open-ended thatn P2 and the universe was larger . I recommend getting Privateer instead , at least until they -LRB- I wish -RRB- come out with another Privateer game .
 Visually , this game is extremely good . The freedom of the plot line will remind you of Privateer . However , once you get into the cockpit , it is not this same . There is no joystick support at all.If you enjoy first person shooter games , you will probably adapt to the mouse only interface pretty quickly and enjoy the game . However , if you are looking for more of a flight combat sim , you came to the wrong game.I do n't want to be unfair . Everything else about this game is top notch . I just could not get over flying without the joystick and using my programmable buttons . Firing and manuvering was just too cumbersome and I was forced to return the game.If they ever added joystick support , I would definitely buy it again . In the mean time , I 'll stick to my existing sims .
 Let 's just say , stay away from this game if you have a GeforceFx video card . It 's not supported and even after you add it to the database manually -LRB- as told by the Microsoft tech support -RRB- , the game locks up while loading . The tech support came up with over 15 ways to solve this problem but still it wouldnt work . and no , it 's not because of my PC . I 'm not the only one experiencing this problem . I visited the MS forum the other day and found that several other people were having the same troubles when playing this game with a GeforceFX . So just a warning to you all , DO NOT purchase this game if you own a GeforceFX ... wait 'til MS releases a patch later in the future ... if ever ... This is yet another ` unfinished product ' from Microsoft .
 - Refers to Demo and Reviews by Players of Full Version-I played the original Wing Commander and got my fix of `` real '' space-combat sims , so the lack of joystick play was not my issue . I rather liked that you could be competent enough at combat to stay alive at first and get into the RPG . I had just assumed that I would run into increasingly clever pilots and have to brush up as the game progressed . I hear that is n't true.I tried to play the demo over as if I was going to be a pirate . No dice . I had to start the game by blowing up the base of my intended associates . I skimmed some walk-throughs of future story-line missions . There were n't multiple versions based on what you had done before . You have to fly to good guy-controlled stations -LRB- and presumably get blown to pieces -RRB- if you ever manage to advance . Stilted , monotonous dialogue -LRB- close your eyes while a buddy talks to someone in the bar and see if you can tell an industry rep from a bartender from a cop from a bounty hunter -RRB- and simple , repetitive assignments do not make for the rich environment advertised . 150 planets of conversations like an imbecile talking to a voice-mail system ? You can do whatever you want - but you 'll get jerked back into line by the story ? And the enemy pilots never change tactics or even strategy ? If you 're looking for what the game advertises , type `` open-ended RPG '' into a search engine.Good old Microsoft . Creative people tried to accomplish something awesome , and got bought out by someone who rushed the product to market as soon as they had something that ran -LRB- mostly -RRB- . There 's a reason the fan sites are n't getting updated .
 First , I will state right up front that it is pretty and the space combat engine is pretty nice to fly . Having said that , I will have to point out that all the combats play out basically the same . Every mission you get from the NPCs is essentially the same . All your canned face-to-face interactions with the NPC are pretty much the same . In about two hours of playing this , you will already be extremely tired of the repetitious conversations . The combat will hold its fascination a bit longer , but in the end , that too will start to seem really repititious . In essence ... As a space sim , it lacks complexity and detail . As an RPG , it lacks depth and variety . This game was truly disappointing to me after reading all these glowing reviews .
 Reviewer
 I downloaded and played the Demo . . I thought great , what a kicka $ $ game . . The storyline is great , the graphics are awesome if your video card is compatible or Recognized by the game -LRB- Radeon 9700 is not -RRB- . . If not MAJOR BUGS from slow windows inside the game to rough game play !!! It only took 15hrs to beat single player mode , Multi-player -LSB- smells -RSB- . . You have to restart a new character every time you play or change servers . . You lose your money and ship !!! SO much for progress . . My system XP2500 + Nforce 2 Radeon 9700 1GB 333DDR . . Save your money for something else !!! ...
 To the Freelancer development team : My GOD - no JOYSTICK support ? What on Earth were you THINKING ??!!?? I just exited from playing the demo - looks great - but ... no JOYSTICK support for a game with a SPACE COMBAT component !?!!? I have a Sidewinder FF 2 sitting right on my desk , and then I 'm sitting here trying to use a MOUSE to fly around in 3D space -LRB- and even the darn NPC was dissing me because I ca n't fly ! -RRB- ??? Even SUNDOG on the Apple -RSB- -LSB- -LRB- yes , I 'm that old - and I 've been flying in space games that long -RRB- supported a darn JOYSTICK -LRB- yes , I know I 'm SHOUTING - I 'm upSET ! -RRB- . MS Developers
 To the Freelancer development team : My GOD - no JOYSTICK support ? What on Earth were you THINKING ??!!?? I just exited from playing the demo - looks great - but ... no JOYSTICK support for a game with a SPACE COMBAT component !?!!? I have a Sidewinder FF 2 sitting right on my desk , and then I 'm sitting here trying to use a MOUSE to fly around in 3D space -LRB- and even the darn NPC was dissing me because I ca n't fly ! -RRB- ??? Even SUNDOG on the Apple -RSB- -LSB- -LRB- yes , I 'm that old - and I 've been flying in space games that long -RRB- supported a darn JOYSTICK -LRB- yes , I know I 'm SHOUTING - I 'm upSET ! -RRB- . MS Developers
 To the Freelancer development team : My GOD - no JOYSTICK support ? What on Earth were you THINKING ??!!?? I just exited from playing the demo - looks great - but ... no JOYSTICK support for a game with a SPACE COMBAT component !?!!? I have a Sidewinder FF 2 sitting right on my desk , and then I 'm sitting here trying to use a MOUSE to fly around in 3D space -LRB- and even the darn NPC was dissing me because I ca n't fly ! -RRB- ??? Even SUNDOG on the Apple -RSB- -LSB- -LRB- yes , I 'm that old - and I 've been flying in space games that long -RRB- supported a darn JOYSTICK -LRB- yes , I know I 'm SHOUTING - I 'm upSET ! -RRB- . MS Developers
 This game would have easily got a 5 star rating if it supported a joystick . Mouse-based flight sims are lame-o . Much disappointment ... I do n't recommend it .
 I waited with sheer delight for this . The graphics are unprecedented and the developer has managed to recreate space perfectly . Ships , combat and ship handling are the best I have ever experienced in a space game like this . I 'm afraid thats where it ends ... The names of places , storylines , the jobs you take on in free play and the things NPCs say to you are so unbelievably unoriginal I almost wept!A planet called Manhattan !? And what is it with EVERYONE who seems to `` not run the place but have an understanding with the people who do '' ?! By the 50th time someone said that to me I was in tears.The story is quite literally totally linear . Its 2003 guys come on ! The factions and the basis of the main plot are so clean like this game was made for a 4 year old -LRB- The only plot that really exists is the main plot as there are NO side quests only the dumb ` fly out and kill ' jobs you pick up in the bar -RRB- . The free play jobs that you take on -LRB- most of which seem to go down in sector 2E or 4E -RRB- are all exactly the same with names and locations changed at best . This isnt free play its torture.Its seems that so much effort was put in to creating the NPC 's and interaction with them . In this day and age I was surprised at the simplicity of the characters and thier animations . There is obviously a system of building up relationships and reputations but after a while I lost interest in talking to NPCs as they seem totally underdeveloped . They all start off saying the same thing , so after talking to 30 or 40 NPCs the ears start to bleed like you 've been listening to a broken record playing the same chorus over and over again . The rumor mill is sheer tedium and many tell you the same thing anyway so its a real effort to find good info . Oh and none of the rumours relate to side quests or side jobs -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- seeing as there are no side quests and free play jobs far too simple . They relate to the main quest only or nothing turning it into a ` point and click B movie ' rather than a ` GAME ' . If you are a space game freak , buy it . Otherwise save your money , better is on the way .
 As I play through Freelancer 's all-too-short campaign , I can not stop thinking that this game could - and should - have been so much more . This game does a lot of things right , and most of the elements for a good game are there , but they do n't come together into an enjoyable gaming experience.Ok , let 's get to the bashing , shall we ? Ahh , yes ... my favorite part.First of all , the interface . In a word
 First of all , I am a hardcore Privateer fan . I 've been playing space sims since I was ten years old , and I 've played them all -LRB- my favorite is probably still Freespace 2 -RRB- . The hype surrounding Freelancer before it came out was unbelievable , and all of us space sim fanatics were counting down the days to the release of Freelancer for at least two years beforehand . When I finally got it and finished the campaign , I played for maybe three more days until I was bored out of my mind . Once the campaign is finished , there 's nothing left to this game.I was looking forward to weeks of exploring , trading , policing , stealing , whatever struck my fancy . But once you complete the mission line and become a real freelancer , there 's nothing to do . The so-called `` random missions '' are all the same
 First , to give you my perspective - mid 30s male who plays games about 10 hours a week.Second - this game is all about a great engine for having dogfights in 3D space . Initially , it is very impressive and you feel like the Red Baron . But after a while it becomes a bit dull . They Keyboard flight and battles are not very difficult , but the endless rounds of air fights get tedious.Now , if you are a big flight simulator fan , then you might really enjoy this game . But if you want something different - some puzzles , some other form of fighting , something else , this game will leave you feeling empty .
 I purchased this game on the strength of the professional reviews it garnered which were uniformly positive . I have been waiting for some time for a worthy successor to Frontier : Elite and from the reviews that I read , I thought , `` Ah-ha , at last ! `` Well , I was wrong . Fortunately , I downloaded the demo and played that before I impatiently ripped open the box.A lot of the people here have already commented on the fact that you must stick to the storey line if you want to advance . But worse that that , even the jobs you pick up from the message board on your own are scripted . You have very little choice about when , or where or how you engage the people you have been sent after . You ca n't draw off superior forces into areas of your own chosing , you ca n't skulk about and reconoiter to get the measure of your opponents or any of the other things you could do with a truly open-ended game like Frontier
 The game makers declare the game to be open-ended and you are free to go and do as you choose . Nothing could be further from the truth . You MUST do EXACTLY as you are told or you are not allowed to buy better weapons or ships . -LRB- YOU MUST BE LEVEL 16 TO PURCHASE THIS WEAPON . . . YOU MUST BE LEVEL 26 TO PURCHASE THIS SHIP . -RRB- And how do you achieve these levels ? Well , in the minds of the corporate clones who designed this game , by being funneled into desperate and ridiculous scenarios with inadequate weapons , shields or resources . You are not allowed to break from the ` missions ' and go make money or improve you gear as you were allowed in Privateer -LRB- a FAR superior game -RRB- and you are FORCED to sit and watch embarrassingly lame little movies with laughable dialogue , none of which has the tiniest significance to the game , because after all , you will be TOLD what to do and when to do it , and you must repeat the sorry little chore until you are successful . It is impossible to divert for better weapons or resources , such as sheild batteries . -LRB- Absurd . . a spaceship that runs out of sheild batteries like a weak flashlight -RRB- The difficulty factors of the game are as simple minded and cliche as are the huge asteriod feilds and drifting junkyards . This is what happens when game makers should have been accountants . This game should be scrapped . It 's junk .
 I downloaded the demo , and after a few initial hiccups in getting the thing to even launch -LRB- Had to dl DirectX 9.0 and new graphics drivers -RRB- the game looked beautiful . I would have to say that I was stunned by the graphics . It made waiting for the 15MB DirectX actually worth the wait . The opening plot seemed plausible and intriguing , but when it got down to the first mission , I was floundering in a sea of enemies with only a mouse to point and click on them . The mouse control is pointed out as a `` Pro '' in some articles , but these guys must not have had a Joystick so they are happy just to play a space sim . I do have a joystick , and wish Freelancer had supported using it , because the movement and shooting with the mouse is just too inhibitive . Earth and Beyond had it right with the mouse only on the other hand because you do n't do the targeting , but add in the targeting and the controls make you feel like you are trying to balance a spoon on your nose while reading.Bottom Line - Game with potential to be very fun , but the controls make it unplayable .
 Seeing the incredible reviews here I went ahead and bought the game to satisfy my sci-fi gaming urge . I was like the game is older but has great reviews and the screen-shots/videos looked good enough . But I should have listened to my inner voice trying to warn me that there must be a reason that this game never got a expansion or sequel . Even though I got the game at a really low price but after playing it for few days I regret even spending that money . Anyways here is what ails & does n't ail me ; CONS1 -RRB- Repetitious to the nth degree . You do get to visit different worlds but other than a scenery change the missions are the same over & over . You pretty much fly to a way-point ; dog-fight with pirates or attack other ships , maybe destroy a space-station sometime , you can also mine or destroy a derelict ship to get upgrades for your vessel but in the end all these missions are just variations of the basic premise of a space-shooter on rails .2 -RRB- If you want to be a trader , or pure mine or find some other non-combat way to advance your character that is not really possible . The game is designed in a way that for you to progress beyond star systems you have to complete part of the required story-line as well as have certain threshold of money . That is only possible via doing combat missions of the main plot/side-quests otherwise you will not have enough money or enough progression to move to the next zone . So in all this is at-heart a pure action space rpg .3 -RRB- They are also 4-5 npc 's at best in the game who you will meet all over the galaxy saying almost the same dialogue and handing you over essentially the same missions just worded differently .4 -RRB- Even though you will be visiting different planets , sectors etc. you really ca n't travel anywhere other than pre-assigned rooms where the above mentioned npc 's gives you newer missions making the game feel confined rather than open-world . PROS1 -RRB- Graphics of space-ships , stations , planets etc. are impressive and holds well even to this day .2 -RRB- You can upgrade your ship with armaments , equipment or buy better ships over-time which gives a decent rpg feel to the game .3 -RRB- The cut-scenes -LRB- though repetition abounds here too -RRB- helps propel the story and gives the game that quint-essential rpg feel.In the end this is a ambitiously conceived sci-fi rpg yet a poorly executed game . I actually came here expecting a Eve offline but alas it 's more of a action rpg that is designed for people looking for immediate gratification.EDIT
 Well after reading the overview of the game and all the positive comments , I was ready to buy the game . Luckily I downloaded the demo first . This a poor excuse for a flight simulator.You start off on a planet and you are told to go to the bar . I think , `` ok lets walk around and find one '' . Lol , no walking allowed in this game , you just click the bar icon to go there . Want to talk to people in the bar , well click them and watch the cut scene . -LRB- Get use to them the game is filled with cut scenes versus exploring yourself -RRB- Once you get into space , then you have control . Well control over average quality graphics as you spins in circles with the shoot button held down : : : yawn : : : I 'm sorry , but I 'm deleting this demo and not buying the game after all . Its just a cheap game ment to get your money and take advantage of the no return policy on games :-P .
 Freelancer ca n't seem to figure out what kind of game it is.The marketing says it is a game directed by the way you play . In practice , it has a very linear plot that you are railroaded into following.If you want to play as a trader or miner , the marketing says it will support you . In practice , combat is thrust upon you so freqeuntly that you have little choice but to get a ship built for war.The marketing says it has role-playing elements . In reality , it is an action game with cut-scenes showing the plot.It is too simple to be a great space combat sim , but the combat is too hard for it to be an RPG . The choices are few and usually binary . I wanted Morrowind in space . I got frustration and disappointment .
 ... and that gets old pretty quick with the relatively small universe . I think everyone should just face what this game is . It 's a repetitive , boring , gameplayless wreck . You spend more than half the game flying from place to play hitting the F3 key to jump in trade link after trade link . Calling this open-ended is a total joke . There really are only three things you can do , you can be a fighter , trader , or pirate . The most interesting , of course , is the fighter . You get missions to do , but unfortunately , every . single . one . is go here , and fight these ships , and possibly a base and turrets . You can always buy better ships and the ludicrously powerful hidden ships , but doing missions nets in a pitiful amount of cash , so you 'll be forced to start the game being a trader . Being a trader defines mediocrity . You travel from place to place clicking buy , then clicking sell at another place . This nets the easiest cash so you can buy a better ship of your choice later . The next step up to a flying joke is being a pirate . Choosing this occupation serves no purpose . The point is to destroy other ships , preferably trading ships , and taking their cargo . The cash you can receive this way is pathetic , and if you choose this , everyone will hate you and you wo n't be able to dock many places . Since the whole idea is to destroy trading ships and hit that button that tractors in cargo , this gets old reeeaaaal fast . You ca n't even dock on the other ship and hijack it , even when disabling them . If they decide to make a sequel , there absolutely HAS to be a more personal ship , something you can wander around in , and for heaven 's sake it has to be bigger than the teeny-tiny ships you get , even the supposedly massive trading ships are pathetically small . I would also love to see multiplayer done better , it would be a godsend if you could board and hijack other ships as a pirate , or just to climb aboard someone else 's ship or dock on a trading ship to get a free ride somewhere , and to act as a deployable fighter escort . Rather than acting as a ship , it should be more as acting as a player , one that can contribute to other players . Anything would do . Being able to assign roles to people on ships , particularly trade ships , would be wonderful . A deeper systems management would be great , someone to worry about the engine powers and to fix any malfunctions , someone to worry about the weapons and the power they sap up , and someone to worry about steering . To think about the huge amount of things they could 've done with this game , it 's sorry to see how short they sold themselves , particularly considering the development time . Next to worthless .
 I was really surprised when I read the other reviews of girls who loved this game -LRB- especially the age ranges -RRB- . I attempted to play this game with my -LRB- 7 year old -RRB- daughter , however , we found it very frusterating in several parts , and could not figure out how to do some of the moves without dying over and over again . We even had it on easy mode!I would NOT recommend this game , and my daughter feels the same way ... it was too frusterating ! HOpefully not all the barbie games are like this ; I am just glad that we rented the game before we decided to buy it !
 It 's not worth the $ $ $ the graphics r horableonly 8 sk8ers i would give it a 0 if i couldit is probably the worst game everDON `` T BUY THIS GAME
 ... There is hardly any skaters and it is hard to do the moves ...
 Do not buy this game ! If I could give this a 0 star rating , I would . It 's not worth the $ $ $ I payed for it and it 's not anywhere close to the quality of Tony Hawke 2 for GBA . When I did buy this game , I played it for about 5 minutes and quickly realiized that it 's a terrible game . This is because it plays kind of linear . The screen goes back and forth and not up or down and in street mode it is a rough transition from one ramp to another . This in its self takes too long . So , do n't buy this game at all . Buy Tony Hawke 2 and Tony Hawke 3 , when it comes out on GBA in March 2002 .
 I have had the misfortune to play this game , before I start If there is anyone reading this that thinks this game is anything like Tony Hawks you will be greatly dissapointed . I persisted with this game and played it for about 30 minutes , after which I would have been happy to never see this game again . The game play is terrible , with the graphics changing aspect ratio quicker than a Quentin Tarantino film , one minute you have a side profile then back to an over head view , all the time wondering if the writers were on some mind bending drugs , if they think its good thay should be sent to the hospital for tests . The only reason that I gave it 1 star was because I could n't enter any less . Be warned , do n't buy this game unless you want to be really disapointed , and if you do make sure you can get a refund . ESPN X Games Skateboarding , JUST SAY NO .
 Do not buy this game !! If I could give this a 0 star rating , I would . It 's not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I payed for it and it 's not anywhere close to the quality of Tony Hawke 2 for GBA . When I did buy this game , I played it for about 5 minutes and quickly realiized that it 's -LSB- not a good -RSB- game . This is because it plays kind of linear . The screen goes back and forth and not up or down and in street mode it is a rough transition from one ramp to another . This in its self takes too long . So , do n't buy this game at all . Buy Tony Hawke 2 and Tony Hawke 3 , when it comes out on GBA in March 2002 .
 My husband bought this game for our 4 year old , he likes Bob the Builder on TV but this game pales in comparison to the cartoon it is based on . Considering he ca n't read quite yet the beginning of the game is confusing to him since the titles of the different games do n't tell you what is going to be happening when you play the game . It took even me a little while to figure out a couple of the different games . It 's a little on the slow side and very little educational value . On the up-side it does have great verbal and written instructions before each different game and although my son enjoys a nice easy game once in a while this one will never be played very often . As for the parents , the repetitive nature of this game will leave you seeking shelter , I love to sit down with my son and play games but when this one comes out of the case I leave the room . I would n't buy this game unless you have a lot of patience and a pair of earplugs . I would go for something more fun , less repetive , and more educational .
 My 5 yr . old son loves Bob the Builder . He got it for Xmas and he is soooo disappointed with it 's lack of interesting and challenging games . And you do n't get to build ... Sorry I got it .
 some may wonder why someone would ever make a game about such a lame show ... well im here to tell you that its drugs , heavy heavy drugs ... things you can do with bob disk : cup coasterand thats about it , a waist of a good disc that could have been used to make : parappa 2 , sillent hill 2 , final fantasy 10 , or metal gear solid 2
 This thing is horrible . I was so excited to charge my PSP but it diddnt even work . If i could i would give it a 0 .
 This thing came broken and the company that sold it would not help me . They wanted me to return it and reorder it . I think they should have stepped up a little more .
 When I received my package after a week the only thing that worked was the USB cable . I would n't buy again nor would I recommend any one else to buy this item .
 Purchased because the original charger was n't working . It comes in the mail and ... the pieces do n't fit together . The home charger wo n't even realize it 's plugged into an outlet unless it remains at JUST the right angle , and then how it 's ever supposed to actually charge the PSP is a mystery because the USB charger , which apparently doubles as the PSP end of the other two chargers , wo n't go all the way into the charger base . The USB charger does , to its credit , actually fit into a USB port , which is about the best I can say about this product because it STILL wo n't charge my PSP.Do not buy . Do not consider . Just ... do n't .
 PSP 3-In-1 Chargerthis item realy sucks because i bought this at kmart and the first one worked for a day then went out so i brought back the other one the second one the prong thing was broke then the same thing happened again i highly recomend you find a better product that isnt defective as this one is
 First time we attempted to use this it failed . The prongs sunk into the unit and the unit fell apart . Waste of money . When the unit fell apart I looked at the parts and it is very poorly made , cheap , solders weak etc.find another brand . I gave it one star because I could n't give it none .
 I recently bought this charger because it seemed like a cool idea to have a charger that had differant uses ... but it turns out it is just a POS.Every time that i use the charger i have to wiggle the plug that going into the PSP untill the light orange light comes on and then worry able whether it is going to stay on the whole time it is charging , have tryed this with my 1000 psp and the newer 3000 psp and it always the same thing .
 The first one that arrived had the A/C plug break . The replacement did the same thing .
 I read the reviews and did n't expect the car adapter to work for long , but I did n't expect it to fall apart as I was unboxing it -LRB- which it did -RRB- . The cable is not the one pictured . I was expecting a neat retractable usb-to-psp power cable . The one I got , while functional , was not the retractable one pictured . It was just a plain old straight cable with a USB A head on one end and a USB Mini-B , PSP power , and PSP Go power head on the other end.I gave it two stars for being inexpensive and for not being completely useless -LRB- the USB power cable does work ... -RRB- .
 game does not work i put it in game system and it says disc read error can you return the game ????????
 This game came stamped `` not for resale '' and it does n't work on our Playstation , so I can not resell the item to Hastings or the pawn shops . Now I am stuck with a scratched up game that was titled `` like new . ''
 Graphics okay , kind of fun being able to pick either a quad , motorcycle , truck , etc. . But the driving is pretty bad . You dont have the type of control on your vehicle you should have . The opponents blow by you and you never see them again , come in worst that first place and you have to do it over , BORING BORING BORING !!!
 The game would n't work in my grandson 's playstation - returned it - found it at a local store - it would n't work either . However , Offroad Fury I , II , III will work . Do n't know what the problem is .
 The game was actually a gift for my husband 's 10 year old son . When he received it , it did not work . We have returned it to hopefully receive a working game .
 I WAS UNABLE TO GIVE ANSWERS , AS MY GRANDAUGHTER COULD N'T GET THE GAME TO BE RECOGNIZED ON EITHER OF THEIR PSP2 'S .
 The PSP Slim Charger Wall Mount 2-In-1 does n't fit well with the slim batteries that I bought from Amazon . It still charges and it works , but it clearly was n't designed to go together .
 This changer is the biggest piece of junk I have ever bought it did n't work the first time I used it and it took a knife to pry my battery back out if it . I even tried modding the little P.O.S. and it still did not work . Buy the official Sony changer and you will be much better off . GARBAGE DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!
 Do n't waste your money on the 3 pack , it is not the deal it appears to be.Madagascar will not install . I have XP , so I bought this XP version . I feel robbed and am tempted never to order anything through Amazon again . I do n't have the time to go through the send it back routine . If I just buy locally , it is easier to return junk . And that is just what this disc is JUNK.The Shrek is good , Shark Tales is too difficult for the same age group though .
 Bad graphics , and slow interface turn this into a real plodder . I only played the RPG version and not the RTS , but I was board within minutes . When compared to Neverwinter Nights ... well , it 's not even worthy of the comparison . It does n't even come close to the original Baldur 's Gate , and that is three generations of RPG back.I personally found it annoying that I could n't choose the gender of my character , and that the character portraits were , lets face it , ugly . There is nothing to customize in character generation , and skills can only improve along one dimension . I could go on , but why bother?Artamas
 Hidden object games are entertaining and this one is no exception but it was too short and used many of the same backgrounds . I had more fun with the Atlantis edition that I think this company makes .
 I love hidden object games when I play them online but seem to be disappointed with them when I get the entire game . The online Titanic
 I would love to give a review of this game but I ordered this game over a month ago and still havent got it they tell me it will be delivered on one date and then change it to another date when that date arrives . and now they have changed the name of the game I am spose to get hunt for the lost tresure I dont know what is going on it would be nice if someone would let me know what is going on as for a review I guess i have to say poor because they wont send it to me ,
 Some history to my purchase of this game : My son is 7 years old and he has loved playing the `` I spy '' games by Scholastic . In the `` I Spy '' games there is a picture with objects cleverly hidden and a rhyme that gives you the items which you need to find . You can read the ryhme yourself or the computer reads it to you by clicking on the speaker icon.My children have learned to read a fair amount just from playing this game . You collect clues and at the end you assemble them all and get the treasure/blast off , whatever the theme is.I thought Huntsville sounded similar and thought that working against the clock would add some exitement . My issues with the game are
 This is a comfortable headset and it sounds great for voice chat , but I 've gone through two of them in the last six months . The first , purchased about five months ago , lost sound on the right side about two months ago . The second , which was purchased immediately afterwards , lost sound on the left side less than an hour ago.Were it not for the repeated failures , this headset would get four stars from me.UPDATE
 I am on my second time around with these headsets . The first set I lost sound in my left ear , and because I loved the comfort and sound quality -LRB- I thought it may have been a fluke -RRB- I bought another set . BIG MISTAKE !! They also lasted less than a year , and I lost sound in the right ear . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I 've bought two of these . Both died after a few months of use . We took the second one apart and found
 Well , it was a great buy for the first year . After that it started loosing sound in the right ear . I figured I could live with that . Now it looses sound in both ears on and off . I go from sound to nothing to one ear all the time . It is the most annoying thing I have ever experienced . Buy a better headset and do n't spend the money twice .
 The cheap price is the get what you pay for deal . I had a pair of these when they originally came out , and they lasted awhile but the cords have very thin insulation and that tore and broke the wire rendering them useless . A year later I bought another pair from amazon and the audio quality was terrible , not sure if they sounded like that the first time around . I had them a month and the cord got a cut in it again so in the trash they went . I tried to repair them the first time it happened but had no luck . This is also my 4th plantronics headset . The other two laster longer but the same thing happened to the cord . The first set was $ 110 and the the clip for the volume and mic controls actually broke the wires . So now i tend to stay away from plantronics . YMMV
 The mic died after about a year and a half of use . The quality is nice while it lasts , but you would be better off spending the extra money on something that works longer than a year . I 'm surprised at the number of reviews on here from people who have bought this thing repeatedly ...
 Poor workmanship ! They work great but I 've yet to get the full year warranty offered by Plantronics . The wires must be very thin as they break very easily causing the loss of the earphone , microphone or both . I 'll look for a alternative next time !
 I 'm thinking of sending this junk back . I will if I ca n't figure a way to keep them on my head . The tension bar across the head , is n't strong enough to apply any pressure to hold them to your head . If you move your head fast , they will almost fall off . I will buy no more of this brand .
 First , let me start by saying that delivery took extremely long and that should not be . I needed something to help my son keep his room neat and tidy and I thought that this would help . It helped for about a minute . The concept of this unit is grand ; however , it is not holding up to the demands of what it claims it can hold . I have a 19 inch TV , a VCR , GameCube , Nintendo 64 , 10 VHS tapes and a few gamecube games and the unit is leaning to the side . The drawers are not closing like they should . I do n't like the idea of having to drill nails straight through the plastic shelves in order to connect them to the sides of the unit . The plastic is the only thing that is sturdy , but , what good does that do you when the assembled unit is weak when it is holding the very things it was meant to hold . I have to return this to the store . It is just not worth the money I paid for it .
 I purchased this for my son last christmas . The center itself is pretty sturdy but that is the only good thing about it . The drawers are hard to get in and out . The tray where the T.V. sits in starting to sink in the middle . I bought this brand new . If I had it to do all over again I would not buy this item .
 I just purchased this deluxe video center for my son and I have to say for the price I paid I am extremely disappointed with it . First of all when I received it the box it came in was nearly destroyed . It was so torn up I am suprised it got here at all and I was suprised nothing feel out and everything was in the box . Everything was so dirty from the box I had to wash everything before putting it together . Second , it is n't that sturdy . The sides wobble a whole lot and the shelfs also wobble and I followed the directions exaclty . I even used extra screws I had to try to make it more sturdy . Third it does n't hold nearly all the tapes it says it will . If my son did n't like it so much and the company I purchased it from would n't charge a restocking fee I would send it back . The video center is a great idea and looks great in photos but after getting it , it still needs alot of work . I would n't waiste my money on this again .
 I was very dissatisfied with this item . First , the plastic parts are very bulky and gaudy . Second , the parts were scratched up and worn . Third , some of the screws and screw caps are missing . The thing is so bulky , that I 'm not even interested in knowing how much it would cost to return . It sits in my son 's room still incompletly assembled . I decided to just write it off as a loss . -LSB- ... -RSB- In essence , this product is garbage . Do n't waste your money . Do n't be fooled . This product does n't even deserve one star . However Amazon makes it mandatory for you to give it atleast a one .
 the kind of television this product holds is n't even sold anymore and completely obsolete ! why on earth is it so crazily expensive ?? i regret even looking at it , i did n't buy it and i would n't , from what the reviews says it 's not really worth the money .
 I put my video game systems in it and now the drawers wo n't open . I 've been trying to get them open for a week and it 's like they are locked or something.It got so bad I just threw the whole thing away with my game systems still inside.Don ' t buy this device .
 In the beginning , there was Myth . A revolutionary real time strategy that did n't rely on resource managment , or `` building '' enough troops to overpower your enemy . Life was good.Then Bungie got bought by Microsoft , and the rights to the Myth games fell upon Take 2 Interactive . This is where Myth 3 comes into play . Take 2 's first inhouse development.I swear that this game was released in an alpha state . The bug list is just too long to list here . The worst of them is probably the ` buddy ' crash . Just click the ` buddy ' button on GameSpy , and back to the desktop you go . The pregame narrations do n't always match the text scroll , and can dump you into the level before you 've even heard what all of the goals are.Single player maps seem strangely unbalanced . One level can be rediculously easy , and the next can be rediculously hard . There are heros on almost every level with a ` keep alive ' tag on em . And like I wrote before , the balance thing comes in . On one level , Connacht died after just four swipes from a myrkridia , while on the first few levels , he could take on a pack all by himself.Units - Some of the characters from Myth 1 and 2 make a return , but so many varients of them have been put into the game , it becomes pointless and confusing . Ghol priests , ghol brutes , standard ghols . Which is which?The units are far too difficult to click on , and double clicking -LRB- to select all units of a particular type -RRB- only works about half of the time.The flavor text bar , which was a great part of the first two games -LRB- useful for seeing what units are selected -RRB- , has become unreadable . The text is fuzzy , and the bar takes up far too much of the screen . Myth 3 also introduces two more bars -LRB- one at the top , and one at the bottom -RRB- . These are n't quite as intrusive , but they are n't customizable . They need to be turned off every single time , and in a certain order , so if you want one , but not the other , you need to go through the whole cycle to find it.Music and voice acting . - The music by itself is okay . A nice celtic mix . It does n't quite match the game . I may be too used to the ` feel ' of the classical style from the first two games to make an honest judgement of it . They need some new actors for the narrations . I never thought it possible that an actor could speak with more halts , and emphasis on the wrong words than William Shatner , but here we are . In game volume is about two or three settings lower than the narration , so if you turn up the volume to hear your units in game , your ears hurt when the between level stuff comes up . -LRB- really bad when you have headphones on -RRB- Graphics . - for the units and the meshes , this gets a very high score . The maps , are very well done , and the units are very detailed . The grass and trees even sway in the wind . This means you 're going to need a very high end machine to run this though . The system requirements say 400mhz . This is totally unrealistic . You 're going to need at least 600 to run this bloated beast of a game , and if the action heats up , and bodies start to pile , you 're probably going to want more.Do yourself a favor , and keep your money . Do n't waste your time with this . Just look back on Myth 1 and 2 with fond memories , and forget this one ever existed
 The idea of this game is cool , build an empire , make the best army , and conquer the world . Well the game is just BAD . It is really , really slow and you always have to press the space button to end a turn . Another problem is this , you almost always go bankrupt . You end up having to not buy anything and building a ton of mines -LRB- and you still dont get much ! -RRB- There must be a million ways to beat the game , but I 've had it for a year and still hav n't beaten it yet ! I personally do n't see how this game won a medal , besides maybe `` Most Boring Game On Earth Award '' . If you like to make armies buy Command and Conquer.-Matt
 Do not buy this !!! It can mess up your whole game !!! DO NOT BUY THIS !!! I have learned through experiance
 Well , AC might be fun for a little while , but after playing it for a while you kinda get bored with it . This is why I rated two stars overall ... it messes up your game ! And most of the codes do n't work anyway . If you do n't want your memory card getting messed up ... THEN DO N'T GET THIS GAME !!!
 Product sent was not the one pictured . It does not work with the DS lite . It looks like one for the older Gameboy Advance .
 The charger does not work . I have tried different outlets and ds ' with the same result . I am very disappointed .
 the part that fits into the ds is too long , so it does not connect inside and will not charge the ds . I have a ds lite , as it says it is for , but this is a pile of junk . should of spent more and gotten a better one .
 it does n't work on my DS lite , i tryed it the first day i got it and it did n't work ,
 I have the Nintendo DS Lite and this would not charge it . I used 3 different outlets , wiggled the plug , and tried different settings on the DS , and it would not charge . A waste of money , but not worth the return . Upset because now my DS is dead .
 My son has a Nintendo DS Lite . This charger does not work . At all . It is very cheaply made , and I am so bummed ! I will say that it came promptly and was well packaged . That does n't help when the product does n't perform though ...
 I got this charger for my daughters Nintendo DS lite because she lost the original that came with the device . . . I SHOULD HAVE SPRANG FOR THE EXTRA 2.00 AND GOT A NEW ONE AT THE STORE !! ... it quit charging last week and i had to spend even more money on a new one ... not worth it go to the store and pay for a new one !
 it shows that it is same charger that comes with the system , but when you get it its the wrong one , a shorter cord and not durable in the least . it stopped working in a wks time . thanks for nothing .
 This charger did not work at all . Had to return it . Had to go to several stores locally to find one that would work for the DS Lite . We thought at first that the gaming system had died . Glad it was just a bad charger .
 Seriously , I thought that this would work . I plugged it in and saw the orange charging light for about five seconds , and then it stopped . Now I ca n't get it to work . This is an absolute piece of knockoff garbage that does n't do what it says it does . Do not purchase !
 I just received this and plugged it in and nada ! . The part that plugs into the wall is not a snug fit or the actual charger has a short in it . I guess there was a reason it was so cheap
 I bought this for my son for his DS Lite and after a week , it was no longer charging his DS . Product is garbage .
 Like other buyers - we did not get the device pictured . Instead , we are left with a useless piece of cord . Maybe I can use it to tie something up - like the top of a trash bag ! Save the few dollars , hassle , look elsewhere and pay a few dollars more for something you can actually use . I did n't even bother attempting to contact the seller/send it back based on the low cost - I 'm guessing that 's how they manage to stay in business !
 This product did not work one single time , and I still can not charge my DS Lite . Do not waste your time or your money .
 First of all , the charger did not work at all after taking it out of the box . I took out the screws , opened the casing , and found that the source of the problem was a loose wire . After gluing the wire back into its proper place , the charger worked perfectly fine.Also of note , the cord is not nearly as long as it appears in the product picture . `` Official '' Nintendo DS Lite chargers have a cord that is 6 or 7 feet long , but the cord on this one is barely 4 feet long .
 It does n't fit my Ds all the way but im just happy it charges it even tho it does n't completely fit .
 Do not buy stuff from these people it been one month and I do n't have my charger yet no good !!!!!!!!!!! ; -LRB-
 I have no idea what this thing is supposed to charge , but it definitely is n't a DS Lite . It looks like a phone charger , or maybe it 's meant for an older Gameboy system . Seller has ignored my attempts to contact them and fix the problem . Next time I 'm just going to get my goods from a trusted vendor , and I recommend you do the same .
 U guys gave me 500ma charger supposly for ds lite its doesnt do n't cuhz ds lite is 450ma I took it too a pawn and they , said its not for a ds these are bunk and u guna ripped if they satisfy me then I will change my review dint buy trust donot buy bunk
 This charger did not work at all . It looks similar to the charger that originally came with the DS LITE , but is of much cheaper quality . It was a complete waste of $ 4 . With that being said , it was only $ 4 and I guess you get what you paid for . Frustrating since the cost of returning it would be as much as I paid for it . I ended up having to order the acutal Nintendo brand charger .
 Plugged it into my DS Lite and it did n't charge . Left it overnight and it still did n't charge . Beware of purchasing from this buyer .
 This wonderful little hunk of junk came to me Dead On Arrival . For the price , I was n't expecting much so good thing I set my expectations low . So if you choose to gamble on the idea that you 're going to receive a working product , then best of luck to you my friend !
 Absolute JUNK !! Charger lasted may be 30 seconds . The original charger that came with the DS still charges my DS but this one is DEAD . I bought it because it is advertised to support worldwide voltage . The construction is so junky looking , who knows what 's inside - I am thinking it might even damage the DS . Always use the original charger . I Should 've listened to others here with the same issue .
 I ordered this for my son 's DS Lite and it did not fit all the way in the charging port , therefore it did not serve it 's purpose of charging the DS .
 We were very excited when we received it because my son lost his charger and has n't played with his DS Lite in a few weeks well we plugged in the charger to the DS and no luck we left it charging over night thinking it might need that since its been off for a few weeks but nope , DOES N'T WORK = -LRB-
 The product description was wrong or I read it wrong because once it arrived it did not fit my grandsons DS .
 I purchased this charger because the product description says it is rated for 240V . What I received was rated for 120V . Now I need to buy an electric converter .
 This product took over a month to reach my house , and when it finally did the charger did not even work i would not recommend this company at all
 I 've got a bad one , never worked -LRB- DOA -RRB- . I might just take the loss , would spend more sending it back .
 If you are getting a charger for a dsi do n't mistake this to be for a dsi like i did
 Was charging for a bit and now does n't charge at all . It barely fit in the designed charger area . Was very jiggly .
 Well , it was n't what I ordered . The listing states it is a DS Light TRAVEL Battery Charger . This is just a regular charger . The key word is TRAVEL , which means it adjusts the voltage , as described in the listing , for international TRAVEL . This is only a standard US charger . I wish sellers would read the listings before offering to sell their items . It is what we do as customers . I do n't think it asking too much that they sell what they are listing .
 This charger is perfect - charges DS just fine - looks just like the original , but not a Nintendo product . Has n't broke yet !
 This cord was to accompany the older version of the game to send to a grandchild . I did not use it , but it seemed to work and the child was pleased with the gift . I have never used or played this game or any of these games .
 Do n't waste your time even for the price . Does n't work . You had to actually push and hold the plug in the socket for it to get a charge . I then screwed/unscrewed it to see if I could tighten the connection and then it did n't work at all !
 The product pictured and delivered were two different items . The items that was delivered was defective and would not charge my DS Lite . When I contacted the seller , he blew me off stating I had the wrong type DS and `` I '' ordered the wrong one . There should be a NO star rating .
 This product is not the same as the item in the picture - the way the outlet prongs fold in is different , and depending on how its folded , it may or may not charge . I had to keep mine straight out for it to work , and if I moved it , it would cease charging.I guess it works , I 'm afraid to leave it unattended though for fear it might burn my house down . Feels cheap . Shipping took FOREVER .
 The picture looks like the official Nintendo charger , but what we actually got was a cheap Chinese knockoff . It charged properly the first time we tried it , but the second time we plugged it in the DS 's orange charging light did n't come on at all . We have n't been able to get it to work since .
 The product pictured is not what you will receive if you purchase this adapter . The item pictured is the official Nintendo DS Lite adapter , what you receive in fact is an incredibly cheap looking and feeling adapter that does not offer the collapsible prongs -LRB- one of the major selling points on the other IMO -RRB- . If you do n't mind a cheap knockoff , then this is for you but if you want the real thing keep looking because the picture here is a LIE !!
 I got this to replace my son 's other charger that the cats had chewed the cord into pieces . It started the device to charge and just quit . Never has worked again . I should have returned it . I wo n't buy this again !
 I just opened my package and plugged the DS into the charger . It does n't charge at all . I am very disappointed
 The reason why I 'm giving this product only one star is because I ordered two chargers for my daughters and only one of them worked ! Also the cable is very short and does n't stretch so far so be cautious when buying !
 I bought it , when I received it . It didnt even work . Horrible !!! Now I have to get another somewhere else
 Item finally arrived after ~ 2 weeks of waiting for item availability -LRB- purchased directly from Amazon -RRB- . Opened packaging . Took charger out of the box . Plugged charger into wall outlet . Plugged DS Lite into charger . Charging indicator light on DS Lite turned on . Left the whole thing for ~ 5 minutes . Noticed the indicator light had gone off . Checked all the connections . Checked the wall outlet with another device and charger just to make sure it was working . Tried reconnecting everything again . Nothing worked . Tried again after an hour . Still nothing . Forced to conclude that the DS Lite charger is , in fact , defective.As for the product itself
 This product would not charge my DSLite like is was said to do.I would not recommend buying chargers online .
 After misplacing my charger , I decided to buy this one and when I saw the price , I was elated . Now , since I have it , the charger really DOES NOT work . I ca n't use it so I just bought a new one . Definitely trashing this later . I 've never been so disappointed with an electronic product . It needs to be taken off the Amazon market !
 This did not fit out nintendo DS ... very disappointed . I had ordered another before this that works great so the kids have been sharing the other one
 I saw the mix of negative and positive reviews but rolled the dice anyway . The charger works well at home but I ordered it for the advertised 100-240V range to use on an international trip and received a standard 100V-120V charger . This makes the product of little use to me and potentially dangerous to others , if purchased for international outlets without attending the fine print.Two stars , because it works as a backup and Amazon was very pleasant to deal with , but I recommend looking for other solutions . If you still order , may you have better luck with your roll .
 Product did n't last 5 minutes before failing . Was plugged in for under 5 minutes when &#34; pop &#34; and an electrical burning smell came from the unit .
 I received this product on time and in good condition ... my only issue is that it worked for the first day or two ... and then when I went to plug it in to charge my DS it would n't charge it . I 'm not very impressed and can tell this is a low quality item . It should have lasted more than 2 days ... I tried my sisters Original charger that came with her DS and that works just fine ... I think they need to make sure they improve the quality of their product before they start offering it .
 This product craps out with in about 10 charges not worth your money or time this item is awful . It makes no sense to buy this item or once yu should just go to gamestop and buy there over priced stuff because this is not worth anything
 My grand daughter just told me that the wall charger I recently purchased for her has never worked . She uses the DC charger in the car . I would have contacted you sooner if I had known.I spoke to my daughter to make sure the product was being used properly and she assured me that it was , that the outlet had power , etc. . So it appears the 110v charger is defective.What would you recommend ?
 My kids are fairly careful . But after 1 month of use , it no longer charges . I would imagine that it got banged around a little but for a kids toy it should be able to take it .
 Not only did this item not charge the DS , it caused it to start smoking and no longer turn on . Now , instead of finding a `` cheap '' solution to charge it , we cost ourselves another $ 129 or whatever the price of a DS is these days . I would definitely look elsewhere for an item such as this .
 Its wrong product as in spite it say Europe voltage i.e. 100-240 V but the product always comes with 110V .
 They send the wrong item as the item described on website was ambiguous . Now they are more clear on website what they are selling , may be after getting complaints . They did not honor the return . I think they had too much of inventory of the product and that is the reason they send the wrong item . I read the reviews and lot of buyers had the same issue with them . The item was very cheap third grade and not compatible . I will suggest to stay away from eForcity because i think they believe in Forcing you with the item deliberately whether it is compatible or not .
 If you need a temporary fix in a pinch , then it 's fine . For any more long-term use , I do n't suggest it.I have purchased this item on three seperate occasions . The price is great . But it only works for a little bit and then does n't work anymore . I have no idea why . It seems like the connection is loose to the DS . If you wiggle it , the charge will take for a moment and then it does n't take anymore . I have tried this on two DS lite systems and the same results in both , so I do n't think it is the nintendo gaming console that 's the problem.So I just ordered the nintendo-brand charger today . Hopefully that will do the trick since I have two very agitated children that ca n't charge their DS lite systems right now !
 I guess I should have read the reviews previously because I also received the American charger . We needed it to go up to 240v , instead we got the 120v .
 I ca n't in good conscience recommend that people buy from eForCity . My wife ordered an international Nintendo DS Lite adapter that she could use in Australia , which uses a differently-shaped plug from the US and Japan , and sends electricity at 240 volts instead of 120 . What she got from eForCity was a knock-off suited only for use at 100-120v in the US . It did n't even bear Nintendo 's brand , but was instead marked `` Mitsumi '' .
 If you are thinking you are getting an official DS charger think again . The one I got seems almost home made , but that is n't the problem . The problem is it hardly charges at all . I have thought for the longest time that something was wrong with the ac port on my DS . I recently tried an official DS charger and it worked without a hitch . I guess for the price it really was too good to be true .
 I was a little suspicious at first about the product being so cheap , I know the product is from an older generation handheld gaming system but come on 3 dollars for it ? seems too good to be true right ? Not really actually.Shipped quickly
 Instead of sending me the 100-240V `` Worldwide Traveler '' adapter , the vendor sent me the standard USA-only adapter that comes included with Nintendo players sold in the USA . From reading other reviews , I can see this is not the first time this has happened . This vendor either has very sloppy quality control , or they are using Amazon as a way to discard high inventories of the USA-only adapters . The price is very low , but even a low price is not worth it if customers can not buy the item they want .
 It works and it is universal voltage adapter , but it is NOT the one in the picture .
 I too received the wrong item from the seller . I have contacted them to see if I can get the correct one . The end that is supposed to plug into the DS Lite is much bigger and clearly belongs to another electronic item . BUYER BEWARE .
 I bought this charger trying to save a few dollars , but it did n't work with my DS whereas official Nintendo chargers do .
 This is just a normal charger for US only . The spec is completely misleading . It ca n't be used abroad . Be careful !
 The photo is not representative of what arrived . The adapter shipped was not one with a collapsable plug , but a cheaper quality knock off . It works ! , but not what was expected .
 This worked for about a week and then died . Do not waste your time and money on this . Pay a little extra and get a better charger .
 Check with the seller as to whether the voltage on this item can switch automatically as advertised . The one I bought is a regular , standard 120 voltage only .
 I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas , and it did n't even last a month . When she plugs in her Nintendo DS Lite , there is a short in the connector , and it only connects for a few seconds before it stops charging .
 The product on the picture is not what you will receive . It is not worth to pay shipping for it .
 Bought for my DS , plugged it in , and I was glad to see the charging light went on.After about 30 seconds however , the charging light went off , and I could not get it to go back on.Asked for a replacement , hoping for the best .
 Good charger , but not color pictured - more black than that . LEngth of cord is WAY too short for comfortable gameplay and charging at the same time . If playing and battery goes red , youre in trouble because you have to be right next to the outlet to play , and even then youre stretching it . Charging after gameplay when not using is a good idea , and then its a good charger . But as I said , the length is NOWHERE near pictured . Buyer beware , length of cord is A LOT shorter than pictured , do NOT let picture decieve you.Fun rating may be shown as a 5-star rating , that is not correct . I rate it 2-star over all and 1 for fun .
 this is not a game review . This charger looks a lot like your old nds lite charger , sans the Nintendo name or seal of approval . It does work , but if you need this in a hurry better order from someone else .
 Great item at a cheaper price than Nintendo would sell for and it works just as well .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! It may work with Nintendo Advanced - BUT IT DOES NOT WORK WITH THE DS . SHIPPING IT BACK TO THEM COSTS MORE THAN THE ITEN ITSELF !!
 Hello , I 'm about to purchase this adapter , but I wonder if it can be used on the nintendo DSi . Thanks ,
 My boys are rough with their nintendo ds chargers so I thought I would try these out instead of spending % 15 on new name brand ones all the time . I ordered 2 at a great price and received them quickly as promised . The only problem was that neither one of them worked .
 I bought this for my new Nintendo Ds , I got it in the mail about a week later . I used it , and the first time I used it , it would n't work !
 Opened the package and did not work on either DS . I should have Went to GameStop to purchase one of their chargers first , which we did after the failed attempt here .
 It looks very similar to the DS Lite charger but it does not fit , the plug is too long . When plugged up no lights come on to indicate its charging . I bought a more expensive charger from a local store and it works so the problem is not with my device . This is just the wrong charger .
 My son is an avid Cleveland Browns fan and bought this controller . Right away we discovered it didnt work . We were please when the seller replaced it without charge quickly . The second controller was only used about a dozen times before it also stopped working . I would suggest not buying this product because of the poor quality and its definately not worth it . We still have to go buy a new controller .
 My children love Arthur , but this game was a disappointment . There are only 5 games and they are not all math related . My 6 year old daughter liked it for a few days and then grew bored of it ; my 4 year old still enjoys it . I only paid $ 4 for it so not bad for that price .
 When I First Got It I Was Excited To I Played It.It Suck For Ps2 I Got A 360 For Christmas And I Bought 2k7 It Is Amazing For 360 They Got Every Body Moves Like Real Life Unlike PS2.For Example On 360 Vince Carter Can Do His Honey Dip Move When He Put His Whole Arm In The Rim PS2 No Realistic Gameplay .
 After recently buying NBA 2K7 and NBA live 07 I will do my best to compare the two games.NBA Live 07 : PROS
 I will admit after having played Nba Life 07 -LRB- demo version -RRB- and Nba2k7 , that I do n't think anything will live up to my standards because of being spoiled with the Madden sports franchise . It 's now dissapointing to play any other sport sims games after knowing the potential they could have -LRB- like Madden -RRB- . However , I think the Nba2k franchise is WAY overrated . The game play is choppy , graphics seems no better then Nba2k2 . The practice idea to get your players better ... was ok , but you just press buttons and set them up , you do n't do drills with them or anything . And is tedious when you are doing a season in basketball with the numerous games . It seems like all the Nba sim games are still back in 96 , with lil or nothing new to give.Over all : Graphics
 First of all , Yao Ming can dunk from anywhere in the paint . Secondly , the CPU offense wastes too much time , that is they seem to be moving and passing the ball , but not in a way to create open shots -- AI is dumb . Another example I was up 4 points with 19 seconds left , the AI decided to take its first shot with 3-4 seconds left -- DUMB ! This game is too easy to beat , too easy to score , and in so many ways . CPU takes too many contested shots , CPU ball movement is slow and dumb . Also CPU one-on-one play is dumb , too . PS2 basketball got to be better than this !
 I can not believe that this game is exactley like the previous year 's version . There is no observable upgrades and very little difference in gameplay . No new animation ! No intros still ! It is just embarrasing to not put in quality work into a new game . Keep NBA 2k6 and upload the rosters would have given you just as much as this game will . I am very disappointed b/c I have not bought NBA Live for years b/c I thought NBA 2K was much better . But this sucks as far as an upgrade from last year !!
 I had this game for 1 day and returned it . The graphics glitches -LRB- clipping -RRB- were constant . You can ride a rail but your board is a foot to the right of it . If you hit a fence enough you will ` pop ' through it . It was also SLOW . I can ride faster than this in real life ... and that 's not saying much . The layout of the first level -LRB- I could n't stomach it long enough to get to another level -RRB- was also poor . A very boring game . They should have spent less time making the backgrounds look good and made the game fun . There were some nice touches , like ` live ' animals that run around in front of you , along with traffic when you 're on a road , and snowmobiles and powder-cats . Oh , and even though there are 5 modes to this game , three of them do n't have any mountains available until you achieve all of the goals on the first run in career mode . Not a good ` pick up and play ' game .
 I just got this game , and I only played it for about 15 min . The graphics are horrible , batting is hard cuz u have to put the little crosshair thingy on the ball . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is cuz it has a lot of stadiums including spring training in Arizona and Florida . If u want a good baseball game for PSX try Triple Play Baseball .
 The graphics -LSB- are bad -RSB- , the game is impossible to play , and there 's barely anything to do in it . I recomend triple play baseball which is 10 times better ...
 Just recently got back into gaming on my PSP and I decided to purchase a screen protector . This product was Amazon prime eligible so I figured why not . The fast deliver was about the only good thing I experienced with this product . BTW , I own a PSP 1001 -LRB- the original launch model -RRB- Pros
 When the psp fist came out , I bought a screen protector and it lasted for 6 years along with my original psp . Well , I ended up buying a new psp , and this screen protector . It came with one protector , and I could not put it on without getting bubbles . Not just one , but so many it was impossible to get it on . The first psp I bought , I had NO problems getting the screen on , and it was easy , and simple . This was clumsy , and impossible to put on . I just threw it away , because once you get it on , it 's done . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Placed it on my psp 3000 and could not get the bubbles out . Had to throw it away because it had too many bubbles .
 I bought 3 of theses and am very dissapointed . The product has stickers that do not come off . If you manage to get the stickers off the shield either doesnt apply or has too many airbubles to work . The one at Gamestop for $ 10 is much better . It only took one try to get the shield to work . The Gamestop version is much better
 I put this on , and could n't get rid of the air bubbles on the sides of my NEW psp . So after 2 minutes I took it off and threw it away . It is my first screen protector , and my last . It is a nice little expensive rag though , that you get with it .
 First of all , I do n't know why it 's called a game in the review when it 's not , so I gave both only one star because it did n't apply to the item . Second of all , I am very pleased with this product . I had a little trouble getting in on perfectly , but who does n't ? But after that , I am worry free about getting finger prints and scratchs all over my screen
 Honestly , I feel that one star is too high a rating for this boring title . I bought this game , took it home , beat it and returned it to it 's case less than an hour later . That is no exaggeration . You play the story mode as one of the characters who ultimately kill the main boss for various reasons . The story is never developed and you never really understand what is going on . Worst of all , the fighting is terrible . All you have to do is learn your character 's most devastating combo and you completely thrash all of your opponents . Also , in between scenes you must wait for loading and the screen has this annoying little skull on it that 's moving it 's mouth . Maybe I 'm just crazy , but it seemed like it was laughing at me becuase I bought this game . Sometimes my eye catches the copy of Barbarian sitting on my shelf , collecting dust and I can hear the skull laughing at me . Seriously people , walk right by this one .
 I think the game just -LSB- stinks -RSB- . The graphics are ok , but the UNBLOCKABLE combo 's turn the game into combo hitting back and forth , back and forth ... One on one battles are so repedetive it is absolutely ridiculous . The four player game is kind of entertaining due to the fact that four people are playing . As for the RPG element of the game , it is a really lame story and they just added it in so they could call it an RPG which it really isnt . None of the characters have fighting styles that differ from one or another its all the same . The big brute guys do the same moves as the little wizardy guys , pretty dumb huh ? I think titus just made a game that looks good so they could sell it , and of course they knew the game was horrible . I do n't even understand how the two people above me could give this game five stars , it was hard enough just to give it 2 stars . The extra star was for the multiplayer mode . I feel I have wasted my 50 bucks buying it . * knocks self on head * If you want a good party game for you and your friends I might suggest renting it , but even then there are better titles out there . For those of you that do n't listen to me and buy the game anyways , I would like to see your reviews also !
 i regret even renting this game . it is NOT an rpg . it is NOT entertaining . this is a third rate fighting game with lame moves and an even lamer `` character upgrade '' system . the fighting system is boring as are the fights you get into . even the graphics are substandard . this game should have been released for the super nes
 Why did titus software ruin this game . This game could have had a real plot . This a not an rpg this is a fighting game in which you gain levels for winning a battle . If you want to buy this game wait a year so it will lower down to -LSB- $ $ $ -RCB- because it is not worth anything more than that . I am 13 and I could have designed this game better . But im not going to blame just Titus and say this game could have done better if someone else made it like THQ or EA . Most companies have been slacking off . I have played so many games that could have been made a different way or had some flaws in them . I think teens my age should be able to make these games . After all we are the ones that play these . Well If you want some Ps2 rpg recommendations I can only think of two
 a classic fighter along the lines of fur fughters etc. . The onle rpg quality i found was in the narration , Its slow and a dud and thats its good quality
 Ok here 's the game in short and sweet terms . WEAK ! I do n't even begin to understand how some people say its another classic game like Baldurs Gate or Gauntlet . its NOTHING like them , and for Titus to market it as an RPG is just plain rediculous . This has no adventuring of ANY kind although you can customize and power up your guy along the way , but the repetetive and boring combat just doesnt make up for it in the least . IF you rent this game play it with a friend or two , that is the ONLY reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one . Otherwise do n't waste your time with it .
 This is a fun game for the first day or so . It had a lame story line . The graphics were okay , but I think they could have done a lot better job . The fighting system is what brought it 's rating down . It was kind of boring , and it was the same thing every time you fought , and do n't be mistaken for it 's miss advertising . IT IS NOT AN RPG . It is far from one , too . I guess if you like games like tekken , then this would be a good game for you , but like I say , `` fun to rent , not to buy . ''
 This game would not play on my console , so I can not say if I loved or hated it . I want something that will play at the very least .
 This game is HORRIBLE.There is no story really , no interaction with NPC 's . Actually ther are NO NPC 's in this damned game.Their is no world to explore , no adventure to go on , just Really Insanely hard battles that you ca n't win.I HATE this game .
 Very disappointing ! I was expecting to get an RPG game in the vein of FFX when I purchased this game , but that is not the case . This is a fighting game -LRB- alot like Tekken series -RRB- with a bit of story telling before each fight sequence . Horrible , horrible !!!
 The only good part of this game was the graphics . After 1/2 hour of play , I completely lost interest . No replay value , and a waste of money to buy or rent . The other reviewers must work for the company that made this God-awful game .
 Well first off , I 'm not a fan of fighting games , so the one star may be a bit biased , but from the fighting gamews i have played , I still feel this would merit only one or two stars . I feel a bit mislead , if you , like i did have the impression that this game has a decent amount of role playing elements then you 're wrong . The only aspect of roleplaying thats really here is after each fight you get about 3-5 points to add to a series of about 10 different attributes . Their effects are noticible on thr gameplay , but barely so . The storyline is very slim consisting of about a 25-40 text `` story '' of what is about to happen witha voice-over as well . IE
 Having played the first Spellforce game , I figured that the second one had to be even better , right ??? Well , I do n't know . I have 2 computers that I have tried putting it on . One has Windows XP installed . The games main play menu will not show up on the screen . It frezzes up everytime I try to play it . My second computer has Windows 7 installed . When I get to the main play screen and hit play , it tells me the first time for gameplay needs to be run as an administrator . When I try that , it does nothing !! If this is any indication of how this game is going to be ... well , I think that THIS GAME SUCKS !!!!!!
 I just picked up a copy of Spellforce 2
 I bought this game several years ago , but I only now got around to installing it and trying to play it . I have Windows 7 OS , and it wo n't play on it . Tried several things to get it to work , including running it in compatibility mode for both Windows XP and 2000 , but nothing helped .
 Just purchased , and no CD Key in the box . Checking the Forums , it does n't look like this is an isolated incident . Support is only open until 6pm CST . I have feeling this is going to be ugly ...
 This game looked good . Some of the reviews were great . I was hyped about the game , the premise , and what it promised to offer . However , I could NOT get the thing to run !!! I 'm very computer proficient and play a TON of computer games , so troubleshooting is not something that really phases me . Let me just say that I have NEVER had the experience of 1 -RRB- not being able to get a game to run or 2 -RRB- having as many problems with tech support as I did with aspyr.Here 's my experience ... -- I 've loaded the game on 4 different computers with no success -LRB- one of them a brand new Alienware computer -RRB- . -- I 've even tried completely re-installing windows XP , and still the game would not run on a `` clean '' system . -- Initially tech support said they could n't help me and pawned me off to their licensing company ... who said that they do n't do tech support and said I needed to talk with Aspyr . -- Aspyr said that I should just patch the product and it would work fine . When I said I already did that -LRB- under multiple tries -RRB- , they said to try it again ... * Sigh * -- I 've read on some boards that XP service pack 2 can mess up the game . I suggested that to support but they flat out denied it . I then installed XP -LRB- with SP2 -RRB- onto a formatted computer ... and again the game would not run.All in all , I SERIOUSLY doubt I would try another one of their games . Even if it worked , their support stinks to high heaven.Stay away . Stay faaaaaar away .
 I 'm very unsatisfied of that game . Too slow , even on my fast computer , slow and hard to control gameplay , lack of usefull shortcuts , too much info on screen - no space for the action , interacting with characters is difficult and often leads to leaving them just to do what computer decides !!!!!!!!!!!!! Bottom line
 My package did not contain a CD-Key so the game is unplayable . Aspyr 's technical support is abysmal . It is likely I will think twice before I purchase any of their software much less give this a positive review , sorry to say .
 Though the product states it is compatible with Windows XP , it would NOT RUN on our very standard Dell XP . Even worse , after the long install -LRB- showing no problems -RRB- , after it would not run at all , the UNINSTALL feature would NOT WORK . We had to fix registry before we could even get the program off our computer .
 Warning this game does not have the needed CD key in about half of it packages due to poor quality control . Do n't buy
 After buying this game in spite of the bad reviews it was generating , simply because the original was said to be so good , i can not even play the game because it did not come with a CD key . I am very dissapointed that people would have overlooked this very simple detail . Do not buy this game .
 I got the first Spellforce and loved it . Installed and played with no problems on my Win7 64 bit laptop . Grabbed Spellforce 2
 Never tried the first spellforce , so I do n't know if it was supposed to be any good . But if the second is any indication , I do n't think I 'll bother with finding out . The game tries to be both an RPG and a Warcraft style RTS . What happens instead is that your characters wander through some hokey maps killing random monsters -LRB- not very difficult -RRB- until they `` stumble '' across an army that needs to be suppressed . At that point , they build the necessary unit factories and march off to war using the same hokey maps . The RPG side of the game is a poor copy of Diablo with a similar , but relatively useless set of skills . The RTS side is equally uninteresting with units that have few redeeming qualities . There is no point in developing any strategy harder than the classic rush 'em , i.e. throw everything you got at the bad guy , no matter what it is ... . you 'll win every time .
 Be careful - our copy of the game arrived with no CD Key - which is required to install the game . From everything I 've seen , this is quite a common problem .
 * It is in the game listing as of 8/10/2006 -LRB- Boycott Starforce -RRB- * It is mentioned in the forum as using STARFORCE + causing problems -LRB- Boycott Starforce -RRB- * This is Aspyr Media * Also check out the bugs/patch + system requirement complaintsJoWood said `` future '' releases wo n't use STARFORCE.What future releases ... which distributor ? I know of several games/producers that issued a `` remove STARFORCE '' patch ... one company said they would stop adding STARFORCE after their latest game ... I know of no company that pulled product ; removed STARFORCE ; then ran more production without STARFORCE included ... someone can correct me if I 'm in errorSo , I guess if this stays `` as is '' , we either have to buy this game here with STARFORCE or do without.If I see updated info regarding this issue , I will alter my review.When this game is available without STARFORCE ; I will purchase it .
 My package did not contain a CD key , so I could n't run the game.The good news is , after installing it I checked for Starforce protection , and the US version I purchased does NOT have Starforce protection.I 'm waiting for a CD key from Aspyr support , and in the meantime I suppose I 'll look for other sources ...
 You know what this game came with a CD KEY . But the thing is first few letters of it were ripped off.Buyers Beware .
 I opened this game up , and loaded it into the computer . This installment period was , it said `` a few minutes '' . I waited half an hour till it finished . Great start . It then , when I 'd double-clicked the icon started ; and then stopped , saying I needed a `` D3D Device '' . I checked . No such thing.This had been on my laptop . I installed it onto the family computer , and it worked ! Yeah , right . It loaded , -LRB- no `` D3D '' problems -RRB- and got to the main menu , where I entered in my 20 - digit access code , as required . Did I mention that all this time , since it had come to the starting cut-scenes , the screen had been shaking like an earthquake ? No , I do n't think I did . It could have been on a roller-coaster , only the actual computer screen was n't quaking . I did n't bother to actually start the gaming part . How can you concentrate with that ? I just uninstalled it twice -LRB- both times the computer froze -RRB- . I think I might buy something else with the refund . Not from Phantmonic games , Jowood Productions , or anyone with anything to do with this game . Amazon has been great , giving me a refund , it 's the game that 's faulty . My advice is to STEER CLEAR OF THESE PEOPLE ! Get something from someone else.From , X.
 Yes , this game is Unplayable unless you are hard core RTS player.That is because there is only one level of difficulty -LRB- Normal -RRB- for `` Skirmish '' and `` Free Style '' game modes.You can not change the difficulty level for these types of games , and since the `` Normal '' level is so hard to beat , then it is no fun to play the game and loose every time.I am above average RTS player who can beat every RTS game on `` Normal '' level , but the `` Normal '' level in this game is more like `` Hard '' level.So if you are a very good RTS player , then go ahead and get this game.But if you are an average player then you would n't be able to enjoy this game.Cheat code are not available , so you are stuck loosing every time.You can play the campaign on `` Easy '' , but it is a boring campaign -LRB- at least the first few missions -RRB- . Also , it does use STARFORCE , and it is not optional.When I installed the game it did n't give me the choice not to install STARFORCE.So do yourself a favor and get another game.Lord of the Rings
 These guys need to wise up and stop putting those drivers in their games . The only thing it hurts is legitimate owners . My last hard drive , Spellforce 1 decided my DVD burner was illegitimate and so started corrupting files ; wonderful . Spent 40 bucks for something that ate my computer .
 Read the reviews for this headset . This is for the old Xbox not the 360 . You would think that Amazon would make them change the title a little for there costumers but I guess not . Other than that I love Amazon .
 No where in the description does it say not for use with the XBox 360 . What a waste of money !! AND it costs more to return it than what the unit actually costs . A real rip off
 Company is preying on people not paying attention . This headset is useless . Xbox Live does n't exist for the original xbox . So if you just read the title and add to cart off page you get screwed .
 Seems like they just huried this game . Too much running around to get answers . The phone did not even have web acsess . Actually i did not like it at all .
 My jaw dropped when I realized I was done with this game , it went so fast . There were n't nearly as many clues to find as some of the other games , and of the games that were set up within the mystery , most were not relevant to solving the case ! This game is a let down in comparison to other Nancy Drew games .
 My favorites are still Scarlet Hand and Deception Island - and I also loved most of the others - but these last few in the series have just gone so far downhill that I doubt I will by the newest one . Hard to believe , because I have been a diehard fan of the games ...
 short , boring , and any one with an IQ above 70 can solve it . makes you miss real adventure gamesto sum it up , if Her Intractive continued producing such games , i will definitly will not buy any more
 I am one of the biggest fans of the Nancy Drew gaming franchise ... i own and have solved every one ... but this one threw me a curve ... It was boring.At the beginning , as in most of these games , your really excited about trying to solve it and at how the mystery unfolds . The odd thing in this one is that there is no mystery really . A bunch of bugs are overpopulating ... why ? Ok ... great . You do n't even know what your looking for until the end pops out of left field and every thing is explained for you ... oh yah the other thing ... the end ... In most of these games the ends are really puzzling -LRB- how do i defeat this guy ? -RRB- and gets your heart pumping and gets you thinking . This one ? There are no bad guys . I wo n't give anything away for you but just trust me when i say the ending is horrible and comes way too fast -LRB- for avid fans of the franchise like myself , this ending is worse than Blackmoor Manor 's -RRB- . The only thing about this game that kept me interested was switching from Frank to Nancy . That was a great new feature i thoroughly enjoyed.One more thing i want to rant about ... the puzzles ... what puzzles ? Every puzzle was either incredibly easy -LRB- and horribly boring -RRB- or just plain guesswork . I hate the guessing puzzles ... All in all ... i give this game a 2 out of 5 ... i might 've been more forgiving if i did n't expect so much more out of a Nancy Drew game . If your over the age of 10 ... i do n't suggest buying this one .
 Both this game and Danger by Design were disappointing compared to some of the previous games -LRB- Shadow Ranch , the Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon , Secret of the Old Clock , etc. -RRB- . The game was short , and I thought the tasks were a bit dull . I also found it somewhat confusing switching between Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys . Hopefully Her Interactive will produce something better next time , because these games really are addictive , even for adults .
 What a person expects from the Nancy Drew games is to have your mind challenged by the actual game play . You learn things about a particular subject , and you find yourself diving into a world where you make the choices and you get to solve the mystery.To me , `` The Creature of Kapy Cave '' was a major disapointment . I was really fearful that other games in the series would end up being like this , lacking any sort of challenge to it . I mean , when I played the game , I instantly understood why they were able to for once include the walkthrough with it for once ! Nice insentive to get people to still buy the game , but it really is n't . This game , if you are n't interested in having ALL the Nancy Drew games , I honestly suggest not buying . Unless of course you are getting the game for an introduction to a much younger child then you normally would suggest it for .
 I 've played a lot of these games . I 'm not ashamed to say I love Nancy Drew . This particular game , however , was terrible . The plot was weird , the characters were annoying , the puzzles were repetetive and even the character graphics -LRB- which usually redeem the less-than-awesome ones -RRB- were much weaker than I would ever expect from a Nancy Drew game . The only part I was interested in was the Hardy Boys . I love seeing them in Nancy Drew games . Unfortunately , they were barely even in this one . Sure , you get to play as them , but that does n't make up for the suspicious lack of Hardy Boy face visibility . So far definitely my least favorite of these games by far , other than maybe the first two , which I can forgive because they were ... well , the first two.Don ' t let your experience with this game color your opinion of any other Nancy Drew game .
 Except for SAW and FIN , I own and have played all of the Nancy Drew PC games , and I know that it takes a combination of many different things in order to make a great mystery game . While most of the games are missing one of the factors that keep it from being perfect or even better , The Creature of Kapu Cave has too many of these factors missing , which ends up making the ending product feel bare and bland.Story
 I was very disappointed with this game . I played all of the ND mystery games and I 'm a big fan . This was a short game and not interesting . Nancy Drew 's assignment was looking through bug waste and counting and weighting whatever she found . The only thing I liked was playing as Hardy boys when Nancy Drew called them on the phone .
 I love the Nancy Drew games and was highly dissapointed with this one . This is definitely the worse game yet . The title sounds exciting , but the game is sheer boredom . The puzzles not only fail to challenge the player , but they are useless and boring . There is barely any mystery-solving in this game . It is mostly comprised of needless and mundane tasks that others are telling Nancy or Frank Hardy to do . Most of these mundane tasks include looking at plant smaples under a microscope , fishing , and making necklaces . Come on HER Interactive , where is the action ? the mystery ? the intrigue ? Let 's hope the next one is up to par with the previous Nanvy Drew games.On a positive note , the graphics were pretty good , but that is it .
 My daughter and I have played all of the previous games ; we 've enjoyed them overall . Some of the games are fantastic , challenging and fun . This game was quite lame in comparison to the others . The puzzles were n't really puzzling , just boring tasks . There were not many clues to find . Because there were n't many clues , there was no real sense of detecting anything . The game ended abruptly and was very short . We did NOT use a walk-through to solve the mystery in record time , just experienced a lack of challenge . We did like the newness of becoming Frank and Joe Hardy occasionally . The rest was pretty boring . If you are looking for a Nancy Drew game , try one of the others instead .
 I have played every Nancy Drew game that has come out , and I have never been this disappointed !! This was too short , and you did n't even know what the people had done who were arrested in the end !! The story line was good . Seems like it should have really went somewhere , but no , it did n't . The puzzles were too simple -LRB- and believe you me , I have the most trouble with puzzles -RRB- . Very disappointed in HER Interactive ! Do n't rush it next time ... it 's better to wait for a great one , than to get it fast and beat it too fast .
 When I downloaded this game it would freeze on the opening image . I tried downloading it again and troubleshooting it several times and it still would not work , so I contacted Her Interactive . Apparently this is a known problem on newer computers , and yet there is no warning on this or any other site regarding what they referred to as a `` known problem . `` Despite me contacting Her Interactive about how unfair this is as a customer , they have not done anything to refund me or remedy the situation in any way . Know that if you purchase this game , it may not work , and you will have wasted your money like I did .
 Alright , so maybe my husband and I are n't exactly in the target audience for the Nancy Drew games , but nonetheless , we 've enjoyed playing every single one of the previous thirteen releases . So , after waiting anxiously for their fourteenth , perhaps it goes without saying that I was extremely disheartened upon receiving it to discover that we ca n't play it . HER Interactive has decided apparently that they care more about Microsoft than their long-time customers and have chosen to support only Windows XP and Vista instead of any of the older operating systems . The company had a very unsatisfactory response to my dilemma , and so I 'll be doubly careful next time to read the fine print of the system requirements .
 I was very disappointed with this game I have all but `` Danger By Design '' and this one I could have done without . There were no real puzzles in this game . You mostly ran around completing tasks for people . I gave it two stars for
 The only thing I liked is the character switch feature . The game is too short and easy . I 'm really disappointed . Hope the next one will improve .
 I 've played nearly all of these Nancy games and this one was the worst . I have enjoyed every game I have played except this one . What happened to finding the clues and solving some puzzles ? This game just seemed to be filled with tedious time wasting tasks . I ca n't say too much more without spoiling it for others who want to try , so I 'll just leave you with my humble opinion .
 after waiting for at least three hours for it to completely download and being a big Nancy Drew game fan I was very disappointed to learn that the game did not work it would pause every time I would open it so if you are thinking of downloading this game my advice to you would be do n't !
 After downloading this game , I tried to play it and it says incorrect path . So I ca n't even play the game
 While I admit I like what they were trying to do with this game , they really came up short . In essence , there are two mysteries ... and somehow they still managed to make it one of their shortest games . In the game , you need to get Nancy and the Hardy Boys to the ending , though the story on the Hardy Boys side is extremely lacking . Nancy 's is a bit better , but they really could have fleshed it out more.But what I 'm here to discuss is the ending . In a game this short , the best move they could have made would have been to give it really strong ending . Instead , it 's a graphic nightmare -LRB- and I wo n't usually discuss the graphics of the games , but this ending is ugly , very VERY ugly -RRB- . It also makes no logical sense . If you play through to the end , you 'll see what I mean . It also breaks the first person view , which is a huge no-no in my books . Part of the catch of these games is that you are Nancy Drew . You . ARE . Nancy Drew . You are not some omnipotent person controlling her from above . You are her.The first person point of view can be broken at times for understandable reasons , such as with driving in a couple of their games , or in the cemetery in Crystal Skull -LRB- it 's massive , I would have hated to have had to navigate it in first person , and I ca n't imagine how hard it would have been to do graphics for it , that would have eaten up the whole game -RRB- . However , this ending is inexcusable . The puzzle is completely illogical , and they should have opted instead for a traditional ` capture the villain ' or ` escape the volcano ' style in first person . Plus , when you do ` beat ' the final puzzle , it would n't logically segue into the ending . Beating that puzzle should have had no affect on the villain 's mindset and decisions because you did n't do anything to change their mind ! You did n't even try to capture them ! It was just a complete mess . -LRB- Sorry for the redundancies , but after the company 's last game -- Tomb of the Lost Queen , at this point in time -- I really think this company needs to hear that complaint because they just do n't seem to get it -RRB- .
 I downloaded the game , and when I clicked it to play , it told me to insert disk 1 , which obviously I do n't have since I downloaded it . Waste of 7 dollars .
 Long-time Nancy Drew player , here . This game was extremely dull , and one of my least favorites overall . You spend the game playing two almost separate `` mysteries . '' You can play as Frank and Joe Hardy who are at a beach , and Nancy Drew , who is in the jungle . You switch between characters by calling each other on the phone . This is actually fun , and not the bad part.The bad part is that you really do n't do much sluething . When you play as the Hardy Boys , you 're gathering seashells on the beach to make necklaces , to exchange for prizes . You have to keep going and coming back to the beach to find all the right shells . You can talk to two people at the beach . Nancy , on the other hand , can seemingly only talk to the researcher she 's with , and spends most of her time doing chores for her in the very limited amount of jungle you can explore.None of it seems important , and the whole game just feels dull . When I got to the end , which did n't take that long , I was just happy that it was over with . I usually love to replay Nancy Drew games , but this -LRB- along with Secret of the Scarlet Hand , and Randsom of the Seven Ships -RRB- is probably going to be one of the ones I do n't ever play again.I 'd reccomend the newest game , `` Shadow at the Water 's Edge , '' or if you 're set on the beach theme , the older `` Danger on Deception Island , '' instead .
 I found this game really ineteresting in the fact that you go to play both Nany and the Hardy Boys ... with a phone call you trade places and play as the other ... Other then that the game like many of the other recent ones have fallen short ... Seems like each game has slowly gotten short and ended more abruptly ... Honestly I think they have to start putting more thought into these games not just trying to get them out as fast possible ... The ideas they have are good ... but they have exacuted them very well lately ... Hoping the new game does not fall short like the rest
 If this is your first Nancy drew game , this is a good choice ... however if you have played them before this may be disappointing . While the graphics , and scenery are beautiful -LRB- and what initially attracted me to the game -RRB- , it was a little too easy and ended way too soon . They did n't take time to develop the story , but explained it only after you have solved the game . Also not enough characters . I will say that being able to switch between playing the hardy boys and nancy was a neat concept , you really did n't have enough time to enjoy it before the game was over .
 Worst Ending Ever !! I was expecting at least a chase or something ! Very Disappointing !
 Yet another utter disappointment from Her Interactive . This game , while considerably better than Danger by Design , is yet another boring , time-wasting game in a long string of Nancy Drew inspired PC games . What happened to the creativity and intrigue of The Curse of Blackmoor Manor , or The Secret of the Scarlet Hand ? Get your old game creators back Her Interactive ! Your four most recent game STINK ! I 've completely lost interest in ND computer games since The Secret of the Old Clock , and just sold my entire collection in our yard sale . The Creature of Kapu Cave had no substance whatsoever . I played , lost interest because nothing was happening , and then solved the case without any of the excitement that I used to have for past games . This is the last one I 'm ever going to buy . My interest in Nancy Drew games is officially expired .
 The graphics are really nice BUT
 I love the Nancy Drew games , and I own every one . I bought this game , with high hopes -- then I finished it in only one day . It was that simple . Yes , like all Nancy Drew games there were interesting characters , amazing graphics , and intriguing puzzles , but those good things failed to even out the bad . The game was over much too quickly . The problem of the game was too simple and seemingly unimportant . There was not much to do , and the three or so mandatory tasks were monotonous and dull . While the character-switch Her Interactive offered was interesting , it could also be very confusing . The characters , though interesting , were not as thoroughly developed as in the other Nancy Drew games . And what I consider the worst fault of all , the ending of the game was absolutely horrid . It was by far the worst of all the games in its series . There was no action , or chase , or anything that really needed a brain or quick thinking . It was just over . While the Nancy Drew games are an amazing series as a whole , this game just left me wondering , `` What was Her Interactive thinking ? '' I would recommend this game only to the die-hard Nancy Drew fans . To those of you merely seeking a fun and entertaining game , look at some of the other Nancy Drew games . I believe that `` The Curse of Blackmoor Manor '' , `` The Secret of Shadow Ranch '' , and `` The Secret of the Scarlet Hand '' are the best .
 I 've played every one of Her Interactive 's Nancy Drew games , and except for the last two or three , loved all of them . Her Interactive offers pre-teen girls the chance to use brainpower , not firepower , and to pick up various educational tidbits that tie into the games . The graphics and voicework have steadily improved from the very first Nancy Drew game Secrets Can Kill , but the last three games -LRB- Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon , Danger By Design , and Creature of Kapu Cave -RRB- have seen some backsliding in tired puzzles , monotonous find-the-object and perform-the-task-to-get-the-needed-object , and the lack of suspense that made games like Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake and Message in a Haunted Mansion great.Creature of Kapu Cave finds Nancy on an assignment in Hawaii , land of swaying palm trees , hula dancers , and pristine beaches ... but you 'll have to read travel brochures if you want to see any of those things . The `` beach '' in the game is pitifully small and does n't allow for exploration beyond collecting seashells -- and most of the time , you end up going back and forth to the beach to collect the same shell . Nancy is working as an intern for Quigley Kim , an aspiring entomologist . Nancy also investigates a mysterious genius with serious anger-management issues . But where is the mystery ? The intrigue ? The `` I 'm being followed by something creepy '' moments?One nice feature is the ability to switch between Nancy and the Hardy Boys by calling each other on your cell phone . Navigation is done via `` GPS . '' Nice concept , but the animation quickly grew repetitive every time I needed to select another location.Most of your time is spent in the jungle collecting frass . What is frass ? To put it delicately ... bug poop . Yes , Nancy spends a frustrating amount of time collecting and analyzing bug poop . Frank and Joe Hardy are undercover , checking up on Big Island Mike and Pua Mapu . Mike runs Big Island Mike 's Excursions , a sort of barter economy where you catch fish and make seashell necklaces to earn Big Island Bucks , which can then be traded in for souvenirs , fishing bait , and necklace supplies . Pua is an up-and-coming surf champ . Other than that , there is a noticeable lack of secondary characters and potential suspects.The puzzles are the game 's major weak point . Much of the game -LRB- at least half -RRB- feels like repetitive filler
 I 've been a fan of these games since the first one - Secrets Can Kill - came out . I 've played them all.I 'm not at all sure what 's happened to the games , though . While the graphics have steadily improved , the puzzles , plot , and gameplay have really gone downhill.The first game , `` Secrets Can Kill '' had pretty horrific graphics , but the story was compelling and there were some fabulous puzzles in it.Things really picked up with the second game , `` Stay Tuned for Danger '' . Better graphics and a very interesting story , very cool puzzles , great plot.I can absolutely recommend Games 2 -LRB- Stay Tuned for Danger -RRB- , 3 -LRB- Message in a Haunted Mansion -RRB- , 4 -LRB- Treasure in the Royal Tower -RRB- , 5 -LRB- The Final Scene -RRB- , 6 -LRB- Secret of the Scarlet Hand -RRB- , 7 -LRB- Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake -RRB- , 9 -LRB- Danger on Deception Island -RRB- , and 10 -LRB- Secret of Shadow Ranch -RRB- . These games are similar in length and have interesting puzzles . Lots of areas where you can snoop around - which I really enjoy.Game # 8 -LRB- The Haunted Carousel -RRB- is interesting and has wonderful graphics , but is awfully short.I did not at all enjoy # 11 -LRB- Curse of Blackmoor Manor -RRB- as I found it way too difficult . I also can not really recommend # 12 -LRB- Secret of the Old Clock -RRB- . It was too short and repetitive.I did somewhat enjoy # 13 -LRB- Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon -RRB- and # 14 -LRB- Danger by Design -RRB- but they were nowhere near the quality of the earlier games in terms of plot or puzzles.And now , we have # 15 . Outstanding graphics , but way too short . The amount of repetition of puzzles in order to advance drove me completely crazy . I do n't mind Nancy running about doing errands to help people -LRB- for that , I thought Games 3 and 4 had it perfectly balanced -RRB- . But I like each task to be different and interesting . Not mind-numbingly repetitive and boring.This seems to be a factor of the more recent games - delivering telegrams in Game # 12 , painting pictures in Game # 14 , and now finding seashells and making necklaces in this game.I miss looking for clues . Putting together evidence for a purpose . I miss puzzles that actually are woven into the fabric of the plot and are there to advance the game . It seems like the repetition now might be so that it can be said that this game took X number of hours to complete.I also miss learning useful things.In # 1 , I learned about American Sign LanguageIn # 3 , I learned about Chinese symbols and the San Francisco earthquakeIn # 4 , I learned about latitude and longitude and how a sextant worksIn # 6 , I learned SO much about the Maya and how to work a HAM radioIn # 7 , I learned about Roman Numerals and ProhibitionIn # 8 , I learned how to make invisible writing!In # 9 , I learned how to work a HAM radio and about Pacific Northwest sea animalsAfter that , well , I did n't really learn very much of anything useful in any of the later games.If you 've never played a Nancy Drew game , please , please , PLEASE do yourself a favor and start with one of the earlier games -LRB- although probably not the very first one - the graphics are n't as good and switching discs can be highly annoying -RRB- . But give # 2 - 9 a try ; you wo n't be disappointed!Oh please , Her Interactive , PLEASE go back to the way they used to be structured . I 'd gladly sacrifice some of the improved graphics if it meant regaining some plot , cohesion , or integrated , interesting puzzles .
 The game seemed to start off like any other Nancy Drew game . My daughter has played them all . However , after a while , it seemed as thow it was an easter egg hunt for three year olds . Everything was easy to find and not mysterious at all . All the other games took my daughter quite some time before she figured out the mystery . However , this game took her two days . All the other Nancy Drew games kept her intrigued and kept her coming back for more . This game breezed by and and she was quite disappointed . In fact , her words at the end of the game were , `` that 's it ? '' . Her interactive , better come out with a more interesting game next time or you 'll lose the interest .
 I have been a long time Nancy Drew PC game fan . This recent game in the Nancy Drew series was not an example of Her Interactive 's better games in the series . First of all , this game was very short unlike many of the other older games that had 25hour game play time . The graphics are getting better with each game , but this seems to come at the expense to the plot and clarity of the mystery at hand . This review is also reflective of the outstanding disapproval of the game that preceeded , Danger by Design . Danger was not well received by many long time ND fans . I recommend going on to Her Interative 's game board to get a better picture of what the fans have to say , and then decide for yourself.I recommend this game for children ages 10-13 . If you are either a mature player who someone who grew up with the series , I do not recommend this game for purchase .
 Her Interactive started the Nancy Drew computer game series with wonderful , complicated , and fun games such as `` Treasure in the Royal Tower '' and `` Secret of the Scarlet Hand '' and `` Danger on Deception Island '' . Now the games are too easy , too short , and the characters completely forgetable . This game has a promising start , but there are virtually no puzzles to solve -- only repetitive tasks . The ending is one of the worst . Her Interactive needs to remember that it is the story , characters , and puzzles that will keep fans purchasing its games . Like `` Danger by Design '' , this was a waste of my money .
 I 've played all 15 Nancy Drew computer games , and while no one can expect EVERY game to be great , this particular title does n't even come close to being mediocre . The puzzles are completely boring and not at all challenging , the plotline is ridiculous . If the creators at Her Interactive are such big fans of entymology , perhaps they should have created a bug game instead . And the back-and-forth use of the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew characters was annoying more than anything else . I will be looking forward to the next game in the series , but hope that Her Interactive does n't rush it out the gate merely to put something on the shelf , as appears to be the case with this title .
 This was the easiest and most disappointing Nancy Drew game . I have all of the others and very much enjoyed them . This , however , was not up to par with the others . I was expecting a lot more considering the location and the addition of the Hardy Boys . Did n't get my money 's worth out of this one . Less to do and not as much dialogue . They could have really worked it . Talked about the Hardy Boys learning to surf , but never incorporated that into the story . Not a lot of game play hours . I never finished any game this fast .
 I 've played every Nancy Drew game and I was so excited to get this one for Christmas ! Too bad I was done by the end of the day . The game was so easy to complete if you are familiar with Nancy Drew games . I was shocked when it ended . Seems like HerInteractive wanted the game out for the Christmas season and ran out of time to develop a good quality game with complex puzzles and a good story-line . If the game was truly developed , Nancy would n't have to talk for three minutes at the end to explain to us users what really happened . We would have figured most of it out in our detective work in the game !! Cool new features
 Warning -- some spoilers at the bottom : We have and have played all of the Nancy Drew games . This one seemed unfinished somehow . There were several clues that were never explained -- the phone number in the locker , for one . The educational aspect of this game was practically nill -- Thy have a game where you have to pay to learn about Hawaii , but only one section is necessary to play the game -- in fact , other than that one section , none of the extra games you play at Big Mikes were required to win the game . I also do not appreciate games where you are very likely to die several times and have to use second chance to win the game . I also really do not like the scuba diving -LRB- requiring holding breath -RRB- scenarios that they 've added lately . I do n't mind time limits , but the breath meter can be used up faster than it should if your computer is running slow or you have another program running in the background.Spoilers : In summation , they do n't even mention if Joe recovered from being clobbered over the head or not !! And what was Pua doing , directing us to , and giving the map for the secret cave if she was the one causing the problems in the first place ??
 The review by Bovey is spot-on ! These games have gotten more boring as they go . The majority of this game is spent looking for the same shells over and over to make the same necklaces over and over ... how much is enough ? There was no real sense of scariness or danger ... just boredom ! And the game was so short ... suddenly it ended ! I am so disappointed in what these games have become . I loved The Final Scene , I even liked Blackmoor Manor even though I could never have finished it without consulting a walkthrough . This game was just lame . I do n't recommend paying full price for it .
 Two things wrong with this game . You ca n't save a game in progress , which means every time you play , you HAVE to start at the begining , which can get tedious really fast . Second , you ca n't move around at will -LRB- like in Halo or Quake , for example -RRB- the game pretty much moves you around at it 's pace , you 're more like a passenger . That having been said , the gore is really well done , too bad they did n't allow saving , it would have taken the quality of the game to a higher level . This feels and plays like an arcade game -LRB- which I suppose it is -RRB- but I think the price should be significantly less because of this -LRB- at a comparable price , Halo give you a much more in-depth experience -RRB- .
 We purchased this game and tried to use it with our big screen HDTV at home and only half of the game will respond to the light guns ! This totally sucks ! The game is really cool , but will not work with big screen HDTV 's . This is not clear on the outside of the box , but inside of the owner 's manual of the game . Unfortunately , once you open the game , you can not return it to most stores . What a crock ! Thanks Sega & Microsoft !!!
 Why buy this when for two dollars more you can get a sony 2gig HighSpeed MemoryStick Duo ?
 Pircewise it 's OK ... delivery was just awful ! I would n't purchase from the seller I got it unless It 's a MUST
 I still have n't recieved my order and it has been past the day it was due to come . I ordered it December 28th and still have not recieved it . Its only a little memory card its not like its a huge package .
 Buy a normal 2GB SanDisk memory stick and it 'll work just as good on your PSP with twice as much memory and half the costSanDisk 2 GB MemoryStick Pro Duo -LRB- SDMSPD-2048-A11 , Retail Package -RRB- .
 This memory stick sucked . First It did n't work period . Then they charged almost $ 5.00 for shipping and handling when it came in a regular envelope . I am seriously contemplating not buying anything off Amazon.com again . The only reason I gave it a one star was so the reveiw would go through . I do n't want anyone else to get gipped .
 I find it hard to like squad shooters . Your squad members are either dumber than the bullets that mow them down or get in your way . This is advertised as a squad tactical game.Tactics ? What tactics ? Giving squad orders had never been considered tactics - why should we start now ? No , this is in no way a tactical game . Save that description for , say , DEUS EX or even the RAINBOW SIX series.Moreover , your squad-members respawning subtracts substantially from the game 's immersion factor . On the other hand , the enemy AI is quite high . You still can pretty much finish the game by rushing head-first , but the game makes you work - and pay - for it.Although not cutting edge , the graphics are very nice , the lighting and shadows realistic and the environments and objects are almost all interactive -LRB- BLACKSITE-AREA 51 shares the same environment-interaction routines with a much better game , STRANGEHOLD - if you like check out my review on it as well -RRB- . The conspiracy brewing atmosphere is successfully conveyed - and the weather effects add another nice touch.On the other hand , the enemy designs they managed to fumble . The aliens are a collection of a mix of poorly developed and , let 's say , older ideas.Do you remember the HALFLIFE crabs ? Check.Do you recall HALFLIFE-2 antlions ? Check -LRB- only with more horns and with firepower - and a mine that pops out when left for dead -RRB- . Do you remember the coffee & nicotine-addicted ; aliens in MEN IN BLACK ? Check -LRB- only larger and meaner -RRB- . Do you remember the big bug-tank in STARSHIP TROOPERS ? Check -LRB- only more segmented -RRB- . What finally tipped the scale against this game , however , was the poor quality control
 My PC has more than the minimum requirements but the game still plays very choppy . The game has bugs and crashes even after I downloaded the patch from the Blacksite website . The content of the game is mostly the same old sci-fi stuff that is already out but I like that sci-fi stuff . If it was not for the bugs I would give the game 4 stars but with all the problems I do n't think the game is not worth it . The game might play better on a different platform than PC .
 Having loaded and removed this game 5 times and still it wo n't load to the start up screen , it 's a dud . Looking at all the comments on the web , lots of people are having the same or similar issues . All video and audio drivers as well as XP updates are current . -LRB- intel dual core processor , 3 GB ram , ATI 4570 PCIe display card , Acer 22 inch flat screen monitor , sound blaster extreme PCI audio card , DVD R/W drive . -RRB- Do n't waste your money on this game or anything else from Midway until they get their act together .
 The game itself is a bit lame , nothing more than an average shooter with no surprises at all . But what really p ***** me off is that I COUD N'T PLAY AT 1920x1080 . The default res is 1280x720 . When I first launched the game , I succesfully changed it to the desired 1920x1080 and started to play . After a while I closed it . When tried to play again , I noticed the resolution got back to 720p . Ok , got it set to FHD again , and when clicked on `` accept '' it crashed to desktop . 100 times I tried , 100 times it crashed . I had to swallow the default config to be able to play . Patches wo n't solve the issue . So WTF!If your native res is 1280x720 , and the only thing you expect from a shooter is shooting , go ahead . Otherwise , do n't .
 this game not working I recommended do n't buy this disk because is not functional do n't waste your time and money in that ...
 I feel I should point out what a dead-end this game can be on the PC . I have installed it on an excellent machine ... but there 's a bug that kills the main character 's voices -LRB- but leaves all other sounds intact -RRB- . Installing the patch that hopes to address this problem causes the game to stop responding to keyboard inputs . And because it is a console port , your opening screen is held at `` Press ENTER to continue '' . Better to tie the Enter key to the `` X '' button than to maybe also take a few minutes and tie the mouse click to it , too.The other thing I 'm writing the review for is to warn you that support for the PC appears to be almost nonexistent . Even the official site for the game does not provide a Support link -LRB- and shame on them -RRB- . Midway 's site will give you release notes and patch notes , but warns you that contacting anyone is n't something you can count on as it wo n't be answered very soon . With no support information , forums , or online documentation on the bugs , I 'm stuck hoping they answer my e-mail some day . At this point , I 'm not getting my hopes up.The larger problems
 I purchased the PC Blacksite Area 51 game used . It loaded fine , but gets stuck each time it begins to run . When I get a new computer , I will try to play it again . The low rating is for not working .
 I 'm not sure why I bought this game
 The Good
 its a pretty slick shooter that gives a good first impression , but theres nearly no variety in weaponry . the shotgun is useless , the plasma gun appears very late in the game , and the bazooka forces the player to use it when the developers say so . The only two weapons you found yourself using was the assualt rifle and sniper rifle . I 'm the kind of person that judges a shooter based on the different weapons a game gives the players , and how these different weapons offer different tactical advantages and disadvantages -LRB- metal arms was awesome -RRB- , and in this regard blacksite is epic fail , in fact the original area 51 was better in this respect . Add to this many other small issues in blacksite and it becomes a game I simply can not recemmend .
 this game is not worth buying . I tried it on two different computers and graphics are horrible . One computer i tried it on had the best video graphics card dell offers and it was still horrible to try and play . voices did match the peopke talking . and the game play , well i did n't play the game more than 4 minutes into it because everytime i would shot or move or anything else would move it would start glithing up really bad . i would not recommend this game to anyone .
 This game has problems and it can not be installed in any computer . If midway nows that this game has these problems they should not be selling it untill they fix it . My advice to other people who want to buy this game is , dont buy it because you will be spending your time and money for a game that does not work or can not be installed .
 A trial version of Links 1999 came with my Win98 SE disk and I really got into it -LRB- ... this , coming from someone who hates golf ! -RRB- . So , I did some research and found that Links LS Classic is actually just Links LS 2000 bundled with about 15 extra courses ... and , since Links LS 2000 is the oldest of the links series that 's still supported by Microsoft 's online gaming `` Zone '' , I thought `` This is a no brainer '' and bought it.Unfortunately , Microsoft decided the way in which the ball is teed off was too easy in the earlier versions and made the proccess wacky , difficult and ... not fun . Unless you like slicing the ball into the bushes every time , stick with any version prior to Links LS 2000 -LRB- including `` Classic '' -RRB- .
 You have this game for sale ? I assume it is compatible with LS2000 ? Does it have golf courses to be installed on my computer ? This add tells me nothing about the product . I must be missing something ! I have Ls 2000 and am looking for add on courses . Is that what this product is ? If so I would like to buy it and try it .
 This game is good for it 's day , however i would recomend flight sim . 2002 or 2004 . The grafics seem odd.It 's just like some 3d buildings on a blob of paint.Fun when you buy it but gets boring after you 've had it for 6 years like me .
 This game is a disappointment at all levels . I was anxious to get this game , as I am a Chicagoan.Very little of this game resembles Chicago . The Chicago art museum has stone lions on both side of the stairway . But not in this game . The art museum looks like just another building.Around the museums , planetarium , etc. , you find large areas of open grass . That 's not how it looks . If no one had told me this was supposed to represent Chicago , I would never have guessed it . The loop is what most of us think of when we think of downtown Chicago . From the standpoint of representing Chicago , this game is a dud.GAMEPLAY
 I was drawn by the nostalgia of generations of genuine Gottlieb pinball tables but soon found the physics of the games troubling . The ball has a ` mind of it 's own ' and many shots are extremely predictable which ruins the fun . Also , 3 of the 5 tables have ` background ' music which overwhelm the original game sounds . Graphically the tables look great but the surely Microsoft could do bettter . Nice try Bill but no winner .
 I have a relatively new machine 1.2 GB with a 64mb video card and over a Gigabite of Ram . I can run just about * any * game perfectly ... This pinball runs terribly on my machine . I could n't believe it was that bad . . so I tried it on another machine . Got the same bad results . I would n't recommend this game to anyone . It 's a real disappointment .
 In addition to all the other comments already posted , I 'd like to add a few of my own :1 . Frame rate issues everywhere . The poor little Wii does n't seem to be able to keep up with the game engine 's insane level of detail , leading to really choppy scenes and movement . Thing is , the Wii SHOULD be able to handle this - I think it was just poorly ported .2 . Random weird sound effects . There are some rooms where you enter , and it sounds like you 're under a herd of stampeding cattle for no reason . It 's annoying and after a few minutes in the room , it just makes you want to return the game for a refund .3 . You do n't feel particularly heroic . Going around levitating things for other wizards -LRB- who apparently ca n't master the most basic of spells , so they ask you to do it -RRB- feels contrived , pointless , and ultimately not why we play video games . There are several places in the game where I swear I 'm not playing Harry Potter any more , but instead I 'm playing Box Stacker -LRB- tm -RRB- . -LRB- For those of you who do n't read The Onion , go Google for it . You 'll get what I 'm saying then . -RRB- 4 . People have mentioned the lurching pace of the videos ; I describe it as if someone had rented the DVD version and accidentally sat on the fast-forward button . I mean , how hard would it have been to add some sort of crossfade between scenes ? Come on .5 . The `` Occlumency '' portion of the game is just plain laughable . I literally laughed out loud at how ridiculously simple and boring it was.To sum up , clearly this game was rushed to market . It 's frustrating to play , the game itself is a series of boring chores , and the `` rewards '' are nothing but self-serving videos of the actors and EA staff telling you how great the game is . It 's nice having a bunch of DVD extras , but not for the price they 're asking , and not for the price of 20 + hours of my time . Seriously , even if you 're a huge Harry Potter fan , this just is n't worth it.I give it two stars for the voice acting , music and environment , and hurling benches at students is at least some fun .
 Spells are too difficult to consistently cast with the Nintendo controller . My daughters who love HP stuff are disappointed with the game and have no patience for it any more
 The only interesting thing about this game is that it you can explore Hogwarts and the grounds . It seemed very realistic to me and the graphics are pretty cool.But as far as game play goes - it 's absolutely the worst game I have ever played . 90 % of the game is performing menial tasks . The rest is just swinging the wii remote around . It felt like it was telling the story while finding random things you could do to try to tie you into the story . For example - how can you put occlumency into a video game ? It just does n't work ... yet they decide to do it . Also they randomly switch you to a different character for a few `` scenes '' ... like you get to be Dumbledore in the big Voldemort/Dumbledore battle where you just wiggle the wii remote randomly and wait boredly for it to end.Also I thought it would be really cool to be able to use the wii remote as a wand but I found it frustrating to get the wii remote to respond correctly to the spells I was trying ot do . This may be a limit of the wii system itself more than this particular game .
 I bought this for my 10 year old grandson who plays a lot on the WII and is a Harry Potter fan ... He was easily distracted and changed to something else rather quickly . This may be OK for an older player but I tried it and did n't like it either !
 Ok , I am an older gamer . Played Zork 1 when it came out -LRB- the original -RRB- , anyway . My wife and I love the Harry Potter series . I bought this for her for Christmas to play on our Wii . The controls were difficult often impossible . Some areas the camera blocked the view of where you were supposed to go . Sometimes there are places you just stand with no indication of what you have to do -LRB- other than the marauder map giving you clues -RRB- . The bridge scene was the final straw . Tack it up to me being old if you will , the bridge scene where the kids were beating up Nevil took me 45 minutes to find out that we had to do a spell at the torches 50 feet above us.The animation is ok , the graphics are pretty bad . Whenever a character talks they open their mouths . The teeth are just 1 pixel thick and look like white cardboard in their mouths . You can often see through the back of a persons head as you are moving around . Overall this game was rushed to line up with the movie release and therefore it is pretty bad .
 When I got this I was so mad.I ordered this in `` like new '' but when i got it the condition was COMPLETE CRAP !!! The color was really faded , there was paint gone , there was a thousand scratch marks , there was no back cover it did n't come with any batteries or papers , and there were only two pokemon on it instead of three and a pokeball.I am NEVER ordering from this company again.For the condition it was in in it was WAY overpriced .
 I hate Pikachu ! He is so stupid ! This Game Boy unit has Pikachu on it ! That is the purebred only reason I absolutely hate this Pokemon product ! I think Team Rocket rules and I hate Ash ! I am even crying because Team Rocket wo n't take Ash 's Pikachu ! I badly want them to and they do n't because Ash thinks he 'll die without Pikachu ! That is so false and I do n't like Ash one bit ! My name is Justin Pikachuihate and I do n't like Pikachu even one little bit ! I wished I could get the one with all the starting Pokemon for Gold and Silver on it instead of this one with stupid Pikachu ! I do n't buy Pokemon products that have a single itty bitty thing to do with Pikachu or even have Pikachu on the box it comes in ! Hence the name Justin Pikachuihate ! I beg your pardon . Do n't buy this one ! It has Pikachu on it and that makes it the stupidest thing alive !
 good , great , awesome , long lasting , waterproof , im probably going to buy more when i ran out so keep it coming and thank u
 My personal opinion of this is useless . Think about carying this thing around to the airport , bus , or werever you are going . The psp is meant to be a * portable * system and i think the manufacturer forgot about this . People are not going to sit at home with a tower of umd 's watching their movies when the have a full tv in front of them . What would be a good idea is a book , similar to ones that carry cd 's and dvd 's , that carry about 20 or so umd 's or games .
 This is the absolute worst Meage Man X game there is . The bosses stink . The armors are pathetic . The timer makes the game more annoying than interesting . DON `` T BUY THIS GAME ! SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Hopefully X6 will be much better .
 Amazon.com 's review seems to have been by someone who barely ever played any Mega Man game , much less the one being reviewed . `` Fourth '' is not the name of a character in the game ; rather , it is the name of a set of armor that X can wear to improve his abilities . All Mega Man games have infinite continues except for the very first one , the Legends series , and the GBA titles . And it was always possible to destroy most bosses with your default weapon , it was just tougher that way -LRB- and it 's still like that -RRB- . I also have yet to determine how X5 , which came out right between X4 and X6 , qualifies as `` a long-overdue return '' to anything other than the frustrating level design that plagued some early Mega Man games . In short , this is indeed a very poor excuse for a Mega Man game , but not for the reasons cited in the product description . It 's better than the old DOS PC games , though .
 I suppose I felt gracious that Capcom felt the need to bring the X series back after so many months -LRB- and years -RRB- in between 4 and 5 , but THIS is n't what I had in mind . X4 was such a mind-blower that I was worried that any successive X titles would n't be able to hold a candle to it , and dammit if I was n't right . Thanks to the `` efforts '' of Capcom Production Studio 3 , there 're just too many things wrong with this title , namely a few too many changes in the formula that were both beneficial -LRB- the ability to duck -RRB- and problematic -LRB- not being able to shoot through walls ??? FAIL ! -RRB- , and some of the worst boss designs and weapons made for the X series up to this point -LRB- I also was n't too pleased with every boss being named after members of GUNS AND ROSES ... I hate that band -RRB- . Then again , the level designs were pretty good , the switching between X and Zero between levels was a nice entry , the visual effects were n't bad , both armor types had their definitive uses and the plot was nicely done , but the influx of new characters , all those changes and the whole sense of finality made this the worst game in the X series and thus kept me from enjoying this as fully as I 'd 've liked -LRB- Inafune wanted to end the series on 5 , thus all the attempts at tying up the loose ends plot-wise -RRB- . I was actually quite glad , in the end , for the introduction of X6 , as I would n't 've wanted the X series to end with such a flop .
 The first thing that comes to mind when a reviewer claims a game is terrible is probably `` oh yeah mister smarty pants , you better be able to back up why you think Mega Man X5 is such a bad game '' . I will try my best . : -RRB- First of all , the gameplay . Being a Mega Man fan since 1993 , I grew up with the original Dr. Wily * and * the X series . I love both . People constantly pick which one they think is better , but in the end , I always found shooting robots incredibly fun and I still find it rewarding and addicting to play through a Mega Man game over and over searching for the very best way to blast through a stage and eliminate the enemies , along with finding the best way to defeat the boss at the end of the stage . Mega Man is mainly supposed to be a side-scroller shooter . THAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING -LRB- sorry , big words make it easier to get my point across -RRB- . What does Mega Man X5 do ? It mostly abandons the need to really use your X-blaster for anything important , except for the stage bosses . It makes me absolutely SICK TO MY STOMACH -LRB- sorry , the big words need to return -RRB- that Capcom chose to make at least half of the stages almost completely empty . I do n't know the name of the stage , but the forest level has almost NOTHING TO SHOOT . You basically spend the entire time in this level just dash-jumping your way through , until you arrive to the end boss . Oh okay , there are a couple things to shoot . Lazily-designed and completely unmemorable bad guys are featured inside this forest stage -LRB- did I mention the backgrounds are bland-looking ? -RRB- When you arrive to these enemies -LRB- I think one of them is some kind of robotic plant , but I may be wrong -RRB- you actually have to wait a few seconds for them to shoot something uncreative and boring at you -LRB- which incidentally does very little damage -RRB- . Why am I WAITING for a slow-poke enemy to shoot something at me ? And in a MEGA MAN game , where speed and avoiding attacks is supposed to be the key to completing the game ? BORING ! Anyone who tries defending the stage enemies in this game is going to have an extremely tough time.I wish that forest stage was the only problem with Mega Man X5 , but sadly it 's just the beginning . I ca n't stand this game . I ca n't stand the fact that Capcom removed * every single thing * I love about the Mega Man series . It 's like the company has something personal against me.What to talk about next ... okay , everybody hates the fact that the stage bosses are named after Guns 'N Roses band members . This does n't really bother me -LRB- even though I passionately hate Guns 'N Roses and think they are nothing but a sorry Aerosmith imitator rock band with a whiny , overrated lead singer -RRB- . I hate the fact that every stage boss can be defeated with * just * your X-buster . Remember how important it was in past games to find the right weapon to successfully destroy the end boss ? Not now . Each stage boss has ugly and lazy animations , and they move across the screen so slowly that it 's very easy to just continue shooting at them with the X-buster while avoiding their lazy , slow attacks . Believe it or not , all eight stage bosses can be defeated this way . So much for strategy . What a worthless game.Whenever Capcom tries to make a Mega Man game tell a good story , the gameplay suffers as a result . This game is the biggest offender . The worst part is that they removed the cutscenes you were introduced to in Mega Man X4 . Now you have to scroll through boring text as the characters have their boring conversations , building no suspense whatsoever during critical moments . Lengthy and frequent text-scrolling is what X5 is all about.Oh , and let 's not forget that Capcom just threw in a bunch of new friends to help guide Mega Man through the game . I highly doubt anyone cares about these characters because Capcom just PUT them in the game and expected us to care about them without any kind of interesting history or connections to other Mega Man games . Does n't work that way . Even if they were returning characters from the Wily series it would n't have bothered me . The fact is , these new characters are a bunch of nobodys and even when you beat the game , they will remain nobodys.Speaking of characters guiding you through the game , your female friend Alia INSULTS YOUR INTELLIGENCE numerous times throughout the game . While you dash and shoot your way through each of the eight unmemorable stages -LRB- that is , when you actually arrive to something worth shooting -RRB- she will CONSTANTLY appear on screen to bug you and tell you * exactly * what it is you have to do . This means more inconvenient text-scrolling . Sometimes she interferes with your progress so often that you just wish there was a way to shoot and kill her . It 's incredibly annoying . After finding out how disappointing X5 turned out to be , the LAST thing you want to do is put up with someone like Alia basically calling you a moron.Alia insults your intelligence by telling you to do VERY simple things that anyone with ANY past experience with a Mega Man game would be able to understand without needing any pointless instructions . She actually has the nerve to say things like `` jump over that wall '' . I THINK we already knew that . Why ? BECAUSE WE 'VE HAD TO DO THE SAME THING * MANY TIMES * IN THE PREVIOUS FOUR X GAMES AND * MANY TIMES * IN THE WILY GAMES . WE 'RE NOT DUMB !!! The challenge in each stage ranges from very easy to incredibly difficult , which is quite surprising to me because the challenge in past X games was a lot more consistent . The already mentioned forest stage is worthlessly boring , but more specifically , a cakewalk . However , the flipside to that are really frustrating stages that require excellent , fast-moving timing in order to complete . So throughout the game you will go from incredibly simple stages where you do n't even have to shoot at anything , to incredibly difficult stages where you are sure to die many times until you get it perfectly right . I LIKE FUN MEGA MAN GAMES . Not this inconsistent mess.The game becomes almost excruciatingly difficult when you arrive to the very first stage in Sigma 's castle . The stage is ripped off completely from the Quick Man stage in Mega Man 2 . Remember jumping down and avoiding those laser beams ? Same thing . In this game , trying to complete this task is MUCH harder.At least three stage themes are pretty good . That 's it . That 's the only thing Mega Man X5 has going for it . Oh , and speaking of music , the theme in one stage is just an updated version of the water stage theme from Mega Man X2 . I especially hate this stage because it 's one of those stages where the screen pushes you to the right , and you have no control over it . You are forced to go with the flow while avoiding shots from a giant underwater robot . So much for fast-pace shooting/dashing action . I hate this underwater stage more than the previously mentioned forest stage . At least with the forest stage I can go `` duh '' and daydream my way through the empty thing . Stare at the ceiling while you play through the forest stage . I bet you can make it to the end boss!Look , I love Capcom and think they 're a wonderful company that does a fantastic job with action games , but they really screwed up with Mega Man X5 . Please avoid . I ca n't be angry at a company that gave us so many good games , but when a game is rushed to the market and I believe no creativity or effort whatsoever was involved during the process of creating the game , it HAS to be mentioned . That 's what I did just now . Told you why Mega Man X5 is so freakin ' awful . A lazy and unremarkable experience . The game has no life.Every company has their bad games , and this is clearly `` the bad game '' from Capcom . Just pick up Mega Man X4 to find out what a really good action game should be like . I can only imagine what X6 must be like .
 Nothing could have prepared me or any other true Mega Man X fan for how much they messed this game up . Apparently there was a staff shake-up before it came out , something that would not surprise me one bit . It seems that these new people wrote up a list entitled `` Ways to make the players hate us . '' Here 's why .1 -RRB- Why did they mess up the armor system ? I was surprised and disillusioned to see you start off with the X4 armor . Was n't a lot of the fun in the first 4 games starting off with nothing and finding stuff as you went along ? It also does not help that they RUINED the plasma gun from X4 and no longer let you shoot through walls . Sure there are capsules in X5 , but now it 's eight instead of four for two sets of armor . That may sound cool , but acquiring them is more annoying than fun . You ca n't even use an upgrade when you get the capsule . You have to wait until you get all four pieces to the SAME armor before you can use ANY part you get . Of course it does n't help either that both the armors suck . Neither of them looks appropriate for a general armor that would come to mind if you think `` Mega Man X5 . '' When you think about the first game , you can think of the completed armor he had in it . In X5 , both the armors look too specialized , and that 's exactly what they are . The Gaea Armor has kind of a cool gun that of course breaks certain blocks , but it is no fun to use because you can only move very slowly in it , and you ca n't even mid-air dash or use weapons in it . The Falcon Armor lets you fly for a period of roughly five to ten seconds , but when I first saw the powered-up gun for the Falcon Armor , I was n't sure if I was kidding myself or not by what I saw . It is the worst gun X has ever had . Mega Man 's Mega Buster from Mega Man 4 back on NES would blow it off the face of the planet , even the universe . How they could make a gun this pathetic is beyond me . Simply put , one armor 's all gun and no movement , and the other 's all movement and no gun . Where 's the balance here ? A good armor would have at least SOME balance .2 -RRB- For those who have n't played X5 , you will be stopped frozen at least five times a stage forced to read annoying text messages transmitted to you from some stupid new ally named Alia who you 'll just want to kill more than anything else . Think of Navi or the owl from Legend of Zelda Ocarina of time except 100 times worse . No , there 's no way to skip or shut off Alia unless you 're revisiting the stage and already listened to it -LRB- with the same character -RRB- . If the text messages were interesting and useful , it may have been pardonable , but no . Instead we 're babysat with lectures like `` Do n't jump on the spikes . You 'll die ! '' `` Get off the train ! It 's exploding ! '' I do n't ever recall playing a Mega Man or X game to be babysat . The new staff must have thought that all of us Mega Man veterans out there never progressed beyond 5 years of age . They obviously never did , so it 's quite possible . Alia is shown with her with her mouth wide open wearing some sort of earphone device in the mission report screen in between stages -LRB- a part that has the some of the worst Mega Man or Mega Man X music ever created -RRB- . I 'd love so much to stick a piece of dynamite in her wide open mouth and never have to listen to her again . I 'd love to do even worse to the morons who made this game . Where did Alia , Signas , Douglas , and all these other dorks come from anyway ? Even at X8 it 's a mystery .3 -RRB- There is absolutely NO creativity or set of new ideas in this game . This is quite obvious considering that they brought back the Rock Monster for the boss of the first Sigma stage , the eye boss from the first game for the second Sigma stage , a time stopper weapon , the Quick Man laser beams , the Mega Man X capsule music for capsules , Bubble Crab 's music for Duff McWhalen 's stage , and much more . Yes , you read correctly . There is a boss called Duff McWhalen . This brings the review to the bosses . It 's hard to contemplate how much they must have thought about different ways to make the bosses suck . Just look at their names . Izzy Glow ? The above mentioned Duff McWhalen ? Dark Dizzy ? The Skiver ? Axle the Red ? Are these supposed to be cool boss names ? The bosses in battle are not exactly inspiring either . Most of them are just so ridiculously slow . How long does the fat bear boss float through the air with his arms shaped as if he wanted to give you a hug ? I 've lost count ... How long does the bat boss just slowly fly around the room and shoot NOTHING at you ? It can vary , but either way it 's awfully long . And did they even know that the firefly boss IZZY GLOW looks like he 's defecating when he does his laser attacks ? Did they know that the fight with the horse boss of the sky stage is on an airplane much like Storm Eagle 's from X1 ? Did they know this boss even does some of the EXACT SAME attacks as Storm Eagle ? If I wanted to , I could find something bad to say about EVERY stage , boss , and weapon -LRB- of which X 's none are cool or original -RRB- in the game , but I 'll let players deduce that for themselves . The only good thing I can say about the bosses is that I wish the squid boss were in another game because he 's the only one close to cool -LRB- but not the weapon he gives X -RRB- . I have never heard worse boss music before X5 . You can disagree with me if you want , but I really thought the boss music in X4 was exceptional , at least for Mega Man X boss music . It was energetic and put you in a fighting mode . X5 's goes to sounding like some AWFUL messed up version of some dumb pop song . I really wonder if they tested this game at all . They obviously did n't test their own intelligence or capability .4 -RRB- X5 is simply almost no fun to play . X is just horrible . His attacks and weapons suck , and he does practically NO DAMAGE to bosses , even with the right weapon . You 'll be fighting bosses for ten minutes in the later stages with X unless you use the restrictive Gaea Armor or pick up the Ultimate Armor . Having X and Zero available the whole game instead of choosing to play the whole game as one or the other may seem like a good idea at first , but it ended up being more frustrating than beneficial . You have to figure out how to divide up the heart tanks , and Zero ca n't even get some of them . You also have to revisit nearly every stage if you want to get everything , taking away from the players any motivation to form their own strategy , order , or way of playing in general . There were absolutely NO new ideas or stage creativity or at ANY point in the game . Some of the stages could just be cruised through with the Falcon Armor in under a minute . Stage brevity has always , in my view , been a problem of these games , but X5 is the only instance in which I would not complain . Wonder why ... The whole time limit thing was also retarded . All it did was prompt more annoying speech from Alia such as `` You do n't need to be here '' if you picked a stage that did n't have a part for whatever you needed at the time.There are not a whole lot of good things about this game at all . Zero 's crescent saber from the bear boss is cool , but that 's about it . This game is a miserable excuse for an addition to the Mega Man X series . I wish I could have flown over to Japan and fired every single Capcom staff member who had anything to do with this game . X5 is not a good game on any terms . People who write reviews saying it 's good or `` Just another Mega Man game , '' do NOT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT . My guess is that the makers probably thought about `` innovation , '' a word I have grown to hate . `` Innovation '' in the modern sense of the word , does not have a place in the formula with the Mega Man X games . The `` innovation '' in these games should come in the stage design and background , boss ideas , and weapon ideas . It should NOT include messing up a whole foundation . They put all this garbage in X5 and expect players to be happy because of a new ability to duck ?? Sorry , I 'll take no ducking any day . As the result of this failed attempt at `` innovation , '' X5 was the beginning of a period of disappointment that would last for the next few games . I 'll admit that I own the game being a fan -LRB- though by now possibly a former fan ... -RRB- , but even now I still want some form of brutal vengeance against Capcom for this bitter disappointment .
 I never received the game therefore I do not know if it is good or not , but the seller responded fast and issued a refund .
 I think X5 is a very boring game.It 's just way to easy.Compared to X4 , X5 really sucks.The bosses are pittifully weak , and these names really sucked.Axle the Red?What kind of name is that ? The only improved thing is the music and the anime films in the game.So if you have n't bought this yet , I suggest that you just forget about it .
 This game flat out stinks . The timer is a stupid idea . The game is way too easy . X4 seems to get praised quite a bit even though it was n't that great . X1 and X3 are the best in this series . Forget about X5 .
 Ok , Third dawn was not the success that i and Origin had thought it would be.There is so much lag and the learning curve is 1000000 x more than for renasaince . You might be saying BUT BUT its 2 d !!! though asherons call and all other MMORPGS are 3d you get just as much to me it is 3d cause it basically is hehehe Well anyway theres so many problems on my comp -LRB- its a pretty good comp -RRB- And the gms have so much probs just get rensaince !
 I was `` lucky '' enough to beta this `` upgrade . '' The promise of 3D graphics and new lands was very exciting ... until I loaded the CD . I got it free , but like at least 90 % of UO players , I kept right on using the 2D client . Why ? Because the 3D graphics are incredibly ugly compared to the 2D graphics , which included art by a famous fantasy illustrator . The 3D versions which come with this CD look like a 10 year old with a public domain renderer created them . Only the spell effects are acceptable . Everyone I knew who betaed cringed when we heard it it was deemed ready for release . Since then , it has received many patches to improve the speed and to some extent the graphics , but you still wo n't be happy even after sitting through what I expect will be half an hour of patching . This edition is also out of date already , with the release of Lord Blackthorn 's Revenge . Save your money and buy the new version if you are interested in 3D . If you are not interested in 3D , buy the Renaissance edition for under $ -LRB- ... -RRB- here . It contains access to almost all the areas and items . The items it lacks you can buy from players who have one of the 3D versions . Another plus if you buy the Blackthorn 's Revenge version . It allows you to access the landmass of Ilshenar in 2D . Yes , EA apparently now realizes how terrible a mistake they made with this edition and is backpeddling fast to try and keep their majority of customers who preferred the 2D . The only reason to buy this CD is if you are absolutely sure you will be playing in 3D all the time and you already have multiple 2D accounts . Blackthorn 's Revenge requires that you buy a different copy for each account you own to receive all the benefits .
 simply put the games not ready , there are a number of issues with diffrent cards that have yet to be fixed , as well a memory leak since build 58 -LRB- at time of review they are on build 60 -RRB- the graphics will catch no eyes , as they are for the most part poorly done , all the backpacks/chests background have been replaced with a dull grey box , charaters tend to walk funny , and most clothing is a poor fit , some armors look like something a child put together for his game.i would like to say something nice about this game , but its hard , as a beta tester i can say they relised it well before its time , most things we thought were placeholders where the real graphics or menus.it is getting better , dispite poor comunication with the playerbase , they have managed to improve a few things , but causeing more memory problems whith those upgrades . \ with 3rd dawn they introduced something called Locilization , ment to make the game much more accessable to non english speaking lauguages by makeing the game easyer to translate , however this was poorly done and causes the game to feel more like a database then a midevil world.i wish i could say some nice things to balance , however this is one case where the good is not easy to find
 ... well , I have to tell you that I for one am not impressed with this latest release . The only way I can play it with any type of speedy movement is if I 'm zoomed all the way in so my character fills the whole screen . I ca n't see more than 3 feet in front of me.There are also numerous problems with the client itself , including a pretty bad memory leak that causes my computer to freeze up after about 20-30 minutes of play.You would need the fastest hard drive on the market , the best video card , 768mb of ram , and a 1.2 Ghz CPU ... then you may be able to play it for more than an hour.Many actual players of this game have to use special Memory Managers that automatically free up ram as the Windows Swap file is filled up to capacity . Ridiculous if you ask me.Since I beta tested the product , I did n't buy it -LRB- thank the lord -RRB- but take this as a word of warning ... `` This game is not ready for retail '' .
 The listed minimum requirements for this game are completely inaccurate . Even with a high end system you will have to do some major tweaking to get this game to work . Only certain video cards are supported and I advise anyone considering buying this game to check it out to find which video cards are supported before you purchase this cd . If you are new to UO and want to play then the 2d client is a good way to start . My advice to anyone buying this CD is to expect to play on the 2d client -LRB- no memory leaks , hardly ever crashes , runs perfectly well on low end systems and the graphics are far cleaner -RRB- until the 3d client is fixed . The 2d client has enough content to provide a new player years of playability without ever needing the new lands introduced with Third Dawn . Take a hint from the veteren players who have been in UO for three plus years , very few of home play on the 3d client with any regularity . If you remember one thing from this review then let it be this : The 3d or Third Dawn aspect of the game will most likely NOT run on your PC straight out of the box . It takes some pretty intense tweaking to get it to work . Make sure you install the 2d client as you will find it unplayable on the 3d client .
 A non sense update . It keeps 2d background , moves some crap 3d characters and this would be the update to let UO fight againsta the coming online games ? UO is a wonderful game . But this update is a shame . And look at all that crashes , HW problems , ... ... they really think that our money count nothing ?
 I would like to tell everyone who is interested in buying this game to not do it . It is horrible , game lags , crashes , quite frequently . That is of course if you can manage to get it installed and patched correctly : -RRB- Do n't bother with the ultima online games . Why waste your money when lots of new games are coming out this year , that could blow UO a way.Ah wall that 's my comment hope it helps ...
 I thought this was gon na be a cool new game . It 's not . Its the same old Ultima garbage that has been around for 5 years or something . When I finally got in the game after a long install and upgrade process , I found an old style game with crappy graphics . The lighting on this game is totally stupid ugly . The characters all walk around like they have bone marrow desease . Then I started crashing . I had to reboot my system after every crash and when I was in the game , I would crash out to windows about every 10 minutes . Who are they kidding with this game ? I tried some msg boards to see if I could get a fix . No way . The message boards are full of people with the same problems . Then some guy from the company msgs that you may need to check your drivers . ?? oh well . I have a brand new computer . I do n't think its my computer there cisco . Nice try . I am taking this pile back to best buy .
 Come to the ultima board at uo.com . There you can see that this game is not worth anyones money and time . Do you really want to pay for a product that has n't gone past beta yet ? Many of the things advertized on the box and for the game do n't exist . The development team has n't figured out how to do them . And if you believe that it will improve , realize this
 rennasance version of this game is 9000000x bettter dont even bother to get third dawn just stick with rennasance
 This game started out being the best game ever created . Keywords in that sentence were `` STARTED OUT '' I was loving the game , getting rich about to get married and loving it all the same . As you most likely know this game is across the internet so like anything else that means it could get hacked and almost anyone who has played could tell you about there experience with that happening to them . In my case some loser hacked it and did some horrible things to some of my best friends . And got me to a place I wasnt aloud . Then whoever the heck it was decided to write me up -LRB- ... -RRB- and now I am banned from the game until I can get the IP address changed but then Im not wasting -LRB- the money -RRB- so someone can take everything I worked my rear-end off and enjoy for themselves . Besides the fact of getting hacked , it is n't worth -LRB- the price -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- DONT BUY WASTE OF TO MUCH MONEY GO BUY CIVILIZATION 3 a truly good game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The original UO is still a great game , and entirely worth themoney . It is the deepest , most satisfying of all the onlinecommunities I 've participated in . That being said , UO3D is about theworst thing that 's ever been done to that community . This piece ofsoftware should still be in ALPHA , for god 's sake ! ... Buy it if you ` reinterested , but stick to the 2d Rennaissance client that comespackaged with it . The UO3D interface will only disappoint you as ithas so many others
 With the coming of many other MMORPG in the next month , there is no reason to pick up this game . The reason?Simple , this add-on is unfinished and should n't have left beta stage ; While UO in itself is a good , outdated graphically , game , this ` facelift ' seems to have turned bad . Its unstable , many crash issues , the 3D graphics are barely acceptable in today 's expectations , but still require some very powerful hardware to run it ! Patches for a live game should be made to ADD thing to the game and REPAIR game issues that could n't be foreseen . That 's absolutely not the case here , this software is an insult to consummers . Paying 40 $ for a game still in ` beta ' stage is too high a price .
 Before anyone buys this game , they should be prepared for the following
 I think I wasted my money getting this one . Th graphic are the tiniest bit better to the last Ultima Online and the controls are horrific . It tokk me 10 minutes to cross a bridge , because I had got stuck between a cat and a cloaked fisherman , who didnt seem to interact or move at all . This game needs a lot of patience , and knowledge of what you are actually doing . I was walking around some village for longer than 2 hours until I came across a woman who said she could help me . abaut then the game crashes , stating an illegal operation has been caused . I might have a look at the 3D version of Ultima Oline looking for a release next year , but I defiantely wont be playing on Third Dawn again .
 I bought this game and it is very poorly done ... Even if you take that away from the game . . it is still sub par . The graphics are very poor . It may be a good step up in graphics for the poor souls that have been playing UO all this time , but for those of us that have evolved with the gaming industry , this game is at the bottom of the pile when it comes to 3d graphics.Another problem I had with this game is the connection to the servers . I picked the best server for my area by using the suggested UOtrace . Even though I was on the fastest server for me , my character would freeze for up to 20 seconds at a time . I even actually timed out of the game 2 times . This lag is unacceptable , especially on my cable modem . I have no problem like this in any other game I play online ... Bottom line , if you have sunk months of your life in the UO game then this maybe a good upgrade for you once and if they ever get it patched up and running correctly . If you are new to online games or just looking for a new experience , pass this one up ...
 Can not believe they are going to release this to the public as it stands . It looks awful , doesnt go for 5 minutes without crashing , lags horribly even on my 1gig Tbird with 64mb Geforce2 and cable connect . There are going to be a lot of unhappy people who buy this and then have to sit through 30 meg of patches before they can even try to play the game , and then suffer the crashes and lockups those of us in beta are still suffering . This game is not ready for release , be forewarned .
 Since I wrote my original review there have been several patches
 I was `` lucky '' enough to beta this `` upgrade . '' The promise of 3D graphics and new lands was very exciting ... until I loaded the CD . I got it free , but like at least 90 % of UO players , I kept right on using the 2D client . Why ? Because the 3D graphics are incredibly ugly compared to the 2D graphics , which included art by a famous fantasy illustrator . The 3D versions which come with this CD look like a 10 year old with a public domain renderer created them . Only the spell effects are acceptable . Everyone I knew who betaed cringed when we heard it it was deemed ready for release . Since then , it has received many patches to improve the speed and to some extent the graphics , but you still wo n't be happy even after sitting through what I expect will be half an hour of patching . This edition is also out of date already , with the release of Lord Blackthorn 's Revenge . Save your money and buy the new version if you are interested in 3D . If you are not interested in 3D , buy the Renaissance edition ... It contains access to almost all the areas and items . The items it lacks you can buy from players who have one of the 3D versions . Another plus if you buy the Blackthorn 's Revenge version . It allows you to access the landmass of Ilshenar in 2D . Yes , EA apparently now realizes how terrible a mistake they made with this edition and is backpeddling fast to try and keep their majority of customers who preferred the 2D . The only reason to buy this CD is if you are absolutely sure you will be playing in 3D all the time and you already have multiple 2D accounts . Blackthorn 's Revenge requires that you buy a different copy for each account you own to receive all the benefits .
 Let me make this short and sweet . I have played UO since it started and have many longtime friends in game . That being said , we all have UO3D from the beta testing cd and NONE , NO ONE , ZILCH of the people i know use the Third Dawn version for regular gameplay . Its buggy , laggy , everything moves slow , the 3d graphics are blah for the most part . Its a joke . I would uninstall it if not for the fact that the new land mass Ilshenar is only accessible through UO3d . UO Renniasance is the game interface everyone uses to play UO , at least everyone I know and play with . UO-Third Dawn is a joke .
 Could n't they just have added new lands to the old 2d game . I think the 2dgame is great but uo3d they might as well not charge a monthly fee.Save us the trouble of wasted money .
 As a longtime player of Ultima Online , I am really really disapointed by Third Dawn.The graphics are superb and to play UO in 3D after years of playing in 2D was fresh . And that 's about the only thing good about the game.I tried walking around and the whole thing was jerky and slow . Bad enough I already lag badly playing UO but add that to the screen jerkiness and you can see my disapointment . Add that to the number of times the game crashed and you have a crap game.I do n't dare bring my character to the Third Dawn world to hunt because I am scared I will crash and die . A sad addon to an otherwise great game .
 I recently upgraded to Ultima Online
 I 've played Ultima Online for over 3 years . I participated in the beta for this 3D add-on for the game . I run a large guild , and host bi-weekly events . Despite all it 's problems , I 've always been a supporter of the game in general . There is so much to it , and so much to do ... it can keep a gamer busy , literally , for years.This 3D client has the potential to add a lot of worthwhile content to the game . New items , new areas , and new creatures can all be added to the new areas without having to cut new CD 's . New gestures , new lands to explore , new monsters to fight . All of which is needed in a 3 + year old game.That said this 3D client , as delivered , is non-functional . It 's got a memory leak so big you can throw a truck through it . Most players refuse to use it anywhere dangerous -LRB- such as fighting monsters , or other players ... or anywhere that might happen -RRB- as more likely than not the 3D client will crash to your desktop before it hardly gets started . Leaving you at the mercy of what you were fighting.While the environment art is beautiful and some of the new creature art are wonderfully done , the rest is rather childish . They still ca n't even get the colors to match the 2D client , for the character models . The character models themselves , are ugly till you zoom in close enough that it 's the only thing you can see . Most of the creature graphics are just as bad . The `` wonderful '' character animation you read about in the description , is awful to the extreme.If you wish to play UO with the same old 2D client , then do so . But do n't buy this expecting to play with the new 3D client . This Alpha stage client , that was tossed out as a beta ... is barely in what should be considered beta stage , upon release .
 A long standing player in the UO community -LRB- 2 years -RRB- I have enjoyed almost every aspect of the game . I was happy when I got my name into the Third Dawn Beta . I spent hours and hours playing Third Dawn , finding bugs and posting them . I was and am frustrated with Origin for sending the game Gold before it was ready.The game is virtually unplayable -LRB- Build 61 -RRB- . Massive memory leaks , crashes , and poor graphics should keep any serious MMORPG gamer away for the time being.The Game , we must also remember , is part of a virtual community . This community is presumably nutured by the company which made it , however any serious gamer who plans on sticking around will want to make sure they agree , and follow , the companies views of customerism . OSI is not committed to their customer base . A solid 3-4 month lay over of their Veteran ` rewards ' program is a good example of their desire for the bottom dollar . Third Dawn was rushed for money , not for your playability.Instead of Third Dawn , I suggest buying UO
 After playing Ultima Online for over two years - I joined the Beta Test of this game . They are releasing the game well before it is ready . There are memory leaks , the grahics are horrible and it is laggy as a game can get . Unfortunately , a once great game has been `` corporatized '' and is dying . I would suggest not purchasing this game as the flaws are too numerous to list . UO is `` hoping '' to patch this `` gold CD '' after you buy it . Check the UO.com message boards for more information on how the customers feel .
 This game was released too early . Probably within the next weeks/months it will stabilize as new on-line patches are released . However , for now -LRB- build 61 -RRB- , the game is just plain too unreliable . Some people claim to be able to run without problems , but I -LRB- and many , many others -RRB- experience client crashes every 20 minutes or so . Either buy the older UO Renaissance , or wait until this version has stabilized .
 much less the money spent purchasing it , the headache of trying to get it to operate , and the time spent returning it to the store . It wo n't run , I promise . Not only that , but the support is terrible . Look to AC or EQ , or better yet one of the upcoming games like Fallen Age . Too bad EA said no to UO2 .
 Having played Ultima Online since it 's original beta test over three years ago , all I have to say about UO3D is that I wish it were possible to give it a lower rating than one star.The 3D art is bad . Kilts look like hoop skirts . Female players resemble gorillas . All the hair looks like a child colored it in with a crayon . To make matters even worse , all the color hues are messed up . If something is blue in 2D , it will be brown in 3D . Then there 's `` localization '' . A feeble attempt to make all the text commands work in several languages . Except that in order to do this , they have completely screwed up the English version . You are forced to use chopped phrases and poor grammar with no punctuation to get anything done . And for the non-English speakers , the translations are a joke . They are done on a word for word basis , which does not convey actual meaning.Since the only reason to buy this would be for the new art , and the new art looks like children made it , there 's no point.I wo n't even go into all the crashes and client side memory leaks . This game was released at least six months too early .
 I totally agree with other beta testers . This product is NOT ready to be released yet . It crashes occasionally , and lags terribly . It has good graphics , and nice interface - but it should not be released at this time .
 UOTD was released buggy with many problems left unaddressed . There 's a HORRIBLE memory leak that locks up most systems after awhile , as a beta tester it would lock crash my computer so hard I had to reboot to recover . The product has potential but was dumped into the stores 4-6 months early . It will take them a year to fix all the problems they 're introducting into the game TODAY.Customer service is so bad that it 's almost comical . Technical support consists of
 Although the box makes a lot of promises , it 's best to put it on the shelf after you buy it and save yourself from the headaches . The interface is clunky and it 's harder to get things done . I battles -LRB- PVP or PVM -RRB- you 'd be better of using the 2d client because the 3d client will slowdown and jerk , keeping you from being effective , thus causing death.Assuming you do n't venture out very far , the 3d client leaks a LOT of memory , and in 10-15 minutes , the client will render you computer useless and it will need a hard reboot.EA has consistantly showed bad form to its customers by blatantly caring more about money than satisfying its customers.UO3D is a prime example of this . Despite their so called improvements , the client cripples the diehard UO player.A top-of-the-line system is no match for the slow play of the game . You can compare the performance between the 2d and 3d clients and see how it is n't playable at all.The fact that its 3D is no excuse , I 've played lots of 3D games on my system and they perform quiet nicely -LRB- p3 450 -RRB- . The positive reviews you see here , are from EA . They are worried about the negative press , not because they are upsetting their players , but because it will cost them money . Because money comes first , before the customer , according to them . They 've ruined Ultima 9 , and their about to ruin Ultima Online.Maybe 4 months from now the 3D client will work as promissed , but for now , it 's a downgrade to playability .
 This game shows wonderful promise as an extension to the original Ultima Online , but it delivers nothing . The game is seriously bugged and can not be played for more than a few minutes on most common machines even if they meet the specs on the box.In short , do n't waste your money !
 The 3D graphics used upon release of the beta are years behind other titles shipping during this quarter . The whole programming change from the `` 2D '' game , to this one have been on par with 3D programming and art used in games during the age of Quake 1 . The client is extremely slow and has some severe crashing problems that have yet to be fixed but seem to be specific to some hardware . The developers refuse to respond to these issues , and have gone so far as to suggest that users update their already state-of-the-art hardware in hopes that it will improve . Customer service has sunk to a new low with this company . Where there used to be consistent responses from the customer service dept. there no longer is . If you report a bug and try to get it fixed , you will be met with stonewalling and the kind of vague non-commital language that is usually reserved for press officers of the President of the USA.Lastly , the game has been built around the idea that Asia is the place to make the next pot of gold . A rather kindergarten attempt has been made to introduce translation into the normal speach patterns of the game . However , the changes have insulted most english-as-a-second-language users . The translations are not only commical , but in some cases down right insulting . It begs to wonder what resources were put into these translations ? Most of them are done on a word for word translation direction with a dictionary . The sort of thing you expect from a first year database programmer , not a 3 year game designed for hundreds of thousands of users around the world.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Ultima been unique world with many aspects to it for last 2 years until about a year ago when OSI&EA started gearing all toward making it more like monster bashing camp-o-rama EQ . UO lost its uniqueness and if you want same but better experience buy yourself Diablo2 and spare pains of monthly fee , system lag and unstable clients with overloaded servers at prime time ; with simplistic magic system -LRB- only 64 spells and about half ever get used -RRB- , primitive melee fighting -LRB- you can only bash -RRB- with hardly functional magic items system -LRB- uses worthless spell & chares system -RRB- and bad 3D graphics . After all these disadvantages game requires HIGH end system and do n't expect it to run any good on anything below P600 256Mb ram and TnT2 32MB card -LRB- UO3D has barely supports Voodoo and ATI cards -RRB- .
 A long standing player in the UO community -LRB- 2 years -RRB- I have enjoyed almost every aspect of the game . I was happy when I got my name into the Third Dawn Beta . I spent hours and hours playing Third Dawn , finding bugs and posting them . I was and am frustrated with Origin for sending the game Gold before it was ready.The game is virtually unplayable -LRB- Build 61 -RRB- . Massive memory leaks , crashes , and poor graphics should keep any serious MMORPG gamer away for the time being.The Game , we must also remember , is part of a virtual community . This community is presumably nutured by the company which made it , however any serious gamer who plans on sticking around will want to make sure they agree , and follow , the companies views of customerism . OSI is not committed to their customer base . A solid 3-4 month lay over of their Veteran ` rewards ' program is a good example of their desire for the bottom dollar . Third Dawn was rushed for money , not for your playability.Instead of Third Dawn , I suggest buying UO
 It is truley sad to see how the mighty have fallen . UO , once the king of the hill for online gaming , has slunk into the ditch with this latest `` effort '' . Graphically a step backward , this game sacrifices performance for badly done 3D . If you run -LRB- assuming you manage to install it -RRB- this game expect to crash often . Lag is the norm . Bugs abound , though they are patched hap-hazardly during log on to OSI servers . However , the patches themselves oft add to the problem and are patched the very next day . You may be lucky though and the game might like your hardware configuration , but doubtful . If you have problems , please expect to continue have them , customer service is not a priority for this company . If you must start an online game today , it might give you the fix you need , provided that you play with the provided 2D client , but I highly advise waiting for one of the newer online games ciming out soon .
 This is the worst chess software . I am writing this in year 2013 , I have latest Mac book pro . I was too excited to get this software but as soon as I loaded the software my disappointment know no boundaries . I have used other chess software in 2007 or in 2006 . Much much better then this useless software . In other software the the graphics were too too too good . I could change angle of chess board increase or decrease the size of chess board ; the chess sets were much better then this one , and had much better 3d effects . Adding to that this software hangs up any time.Please please do not buy this money westing and disappointing software
 Have tried to re-install about 3 times . Very slow on the Mac and always brings up error codes . Technical support is useless . Feral really should not sell this for the Mac as it is a disaster . It was one of the most expensive chess programs I ever bought .
 The Chessmaster 9000 does n't work on my MacBook Pro with up-to-date OS . I do n't know how to update the 9000 . It just is n't supported anymore and have I found nothing helpful on line .
 This program is , by far , the clunkiest piece of software I have ever installed on my Mac . Every other time I start the program it freezes up . When it does work it works slowly and lumberingly . The way the program handles is trying to play chess with a nine-year-old having learned the game for the first time . This is to say nothing of the supremely inelegant graphics and gameplay . I really wonder how this program is popular . It is probably only meant for PCs . Do n't waste your money . It seems like it was adopted for Mac out of sheer greed .
 I do n't know whether it 's my MacBook Pro that I hate or Chessmaster 9000 that I hate , but the combination of the two is absolutely toxic . It generally takes up to ten minutes for CM to load up ; sometimes it crashes . Once it does load , it moves painfully slow . Operations that should occur instantaneously take upwards of two minutes while that maddening rainbow ball spins round and round . And if it takes more than two minutes , expect a crash . I truly hate this thing . Buy a PC and get Fritz or Rybka . This is really , really substandard ,
 This program has many fine features but they are useless to those of us with a laptop who do not want to carry the DVD with us.Each time you load the program you must insert the DVD or it will not work . The manufacturer has every right to insert this copy protection feature but the buyer should be warned . I would not have spent the $ 40 for this program had I known about this limitation . I am away from home a lot and want to use the program to relax during little breaks from study and writing.If every program used this kind of copy protection we would have to carry a lot of DVDs with us and constantly search through them for the right one every time we wanted to load a program . This would be ridiculous.For those who are comfortable with this feature and have all the hardware to run it properly it is a fine value worth five stars.ADDITION
 Although it is not stated in the product description or on the box itself , this program will not run on OS X Leopard 10.5.6 . Additionally , Feral Interactive never responded to various requests for support . The product had to be returned .
 All I can say is that it does n't work on my MAC OS 10.7 They should state what systems it will not run on.As it stands it just says it 's recommended for 10.3 .
 The chessmaster 9000 does n't work on my mac running Mac OS 10.6 . The screen can not be resized making a postage stamp sized chess set impossible to view . As has been noted before , it requires the DVD to be installed to even work incorrectly ! I sent 3 emails to FERAL interactive complaining about the above and have never received a reply . Do n't buy this piece of junk ...
 Beware - there is a major bug with the latest version of Chessmaster 9000 . The game is not compatible with the Tiger operating system
 This has been a real frustrating experience . I still have not been able to load this program into my computer . Feral has two conflicting installation instructions . The company has ignored three email requests for help . After several attempts I was able to load the program . Now it shuts down stating there is an error within 5 seconds loading the program .
 This software does n't even work on lion IOS ! I 've contacted Chessmaster company and they ca n't even give me an explanation for the problem . Like I said-waste of money !!!
 I am not a chess fanatic , so Chessmaster is plenty fast and strong to challenge me.Aside from running on my Mac , what I like most about Chessmaster 9000 is the interactive training . I really enjoy the progression of lessons in tactics and strategy , with each puzzle solution explained in full.What I dislike most about Chessmaster 9000 is that it requires me to insert the DVD every time I want to play.I really , really , really dislike this . I do n't always have the DVD with me , and even at home it is a pain to go rummage around my office looking for it just to play a quick game of chess . More often than not , I decide to do something else ... which is why I finally I gave up and I just do n't use this program any more.Instead , I use VMWare Fusion -LRB- 3.1.3 -RRB- to run `` The Art of Learning
 This computer chess program has been around since forever , and I guess the developers just got lazy . I remember playing Chessmaster 3000 maybe 15 years ago , and I swear the game play was superior then . Almost everything about 9000 is incredibly awkward.The 3D graphics are so intolerable to look at -LRB- and the computer frequently misinterprets which piece I am trying to move when the graphics overlap -RRB- , that I have to play in 2D . Even then , motion graphics are not smooth on my 2 GHz Core 2 Duo MacBook . The windows open up on top of each other and do not `` remember '' the position you move them to , so you have to do this each time you start the game . Not to mention the problem everyone else notes about needing the DVD every time you play.The educational component of the game , which is the main reason for my purchase , is tolerable . But a lot of the intermediate lessons are just quizzes -LRB- which move is better -RRB- without any real explanation . The best thing about the game is the ability to play opponents of many different levels and personalities.Overall , I 'm rather disappointed in the game and do not consider it a good value at forty bucks .
 I bought this program on good faith , only to discover that important parts of the prgram do not run with OS 10.4 -LRB- Tiger -RRB- . I 've e-mailed Feral and have not as yet received a reply . Since they seem to have a ` beta ' patch , they should make this known to all Tiger owners . If you have Tiger , I would n't buy this software until they have a real fix .
 Based on the strengths of the reviews here , I bought the program . It looked great-that is , until I ran the program . It is horribly slow , first of all . It is sluggish even when making a move , and crashes often . Definetly not recommended for slow Macs . The interface is also poor-windows are everywhere , making it hard to use them and play at the same time . The tutorials are not bad , though . Overall , I do n't think it 's worth it .
 You can get sleek FREEWARE from sigma that blows this bloated buggy mess away . It interferes with other stuff , you have to have the DVD in and it is a mess that messes up your mac . Run for your life . UGH !
 This is a great product but the support for the Mac seems to be a problem . I recently upgraded to Leopard and Chessmaster 9000 now takes forever to close dialog boxes . I 've had no problems related to the speed of moving pieces or loading personalities that I 've read about elsewhere . But , there are enough problems that I would stay away from this product for the time being . And , I have installed the patches , no help ...
 I used to use this program on my PC and it was great , so I got the Mac version . Only problem is it wo n't run on Mac OSX 10.5.8 . Wish I 'd read the other reviews first because the seller does n't accept returns !
 After playing one match , Chessmaster for Mac would n't work anymore . I wrote the company which sent me an email giving me a fix suggestion and saying , essentially
 I tried installing this in two different MAC 's -LRB- new -RRB- and both `` quit unexpectedly '' . Feral claims there must be a problem with both new computers
 As long as you only open , play , this seems to work . However , this game takes minutes to open , crashes if you make changes during a game , crashes if you open mentor window during a game , crashes at the end of a game , crashes if you take back moves , ... . Also , the CD has to be in the computer or the game wo n't even start . I paid good money for this and feel ripped off . Free chess games like Sigma Chess are more enjoyable .
 One of the world 's most dumb games ! As to how people find this game amusing and or fun is beyond my understanding ! I guess like stated in my title , this game is great for ... say the people/person with a lot of free time on there hands and or without a life . HAHA my gauwwd what a game ! SO !!! for the local loser looking for a great good ol' time -LRB- Laughs -RRB- then this games the one for you ! -LRB- Including all the other additions , upgrades and what have you -RRB-
 Where will it end ? I ca n't say whether or not everysim requires these new features but certainly no house party should be without them . Just be sure to experience the real thing before sim ` ing it .
 I own all of the Sims expansions and this one is by far the worst . This expansion gives you about 15 new items and is a waste of money and hard drive space .
 I bought this game a while back and for me It hardly had any appeal afterwords . There are no new careers just new objects which is really dissapointing because the real draw is ; what are they gon na be promoted to ? When they dont add onto that aspect it has very little appeal .
 I know that $ *** does not get you much these days , but at least Maxis could have included something worth the price of admission . Parties are VERY expensive to throw and do not benefit your Sims very much . Skip this one and hope for more from `` Hot Date '' .
 Anyone who says house party is a piece of junk . . is totally wrong !! This is the best game in the whole computer history !! Not only can you create people , edit their personality and more , this game has everything you need to make the best party ever !! It has a costume trunk , where you can choose anything from togas and more , It has awesome new styles in clothing and it has houses with themes , for example you can build a hawaiian house and more , It has the option to just talk to other neighbors over the phone , It has dance floors , and dj boothes , a electronic rodeo thing , and my personal fave
 this expansion pack -LSB- is really bad -RSB- ! the livin large one was great but this one has nothing more than music and food . the dancers u can higher dont take off NONE of their clothes and u cant higher more than one entertainer at a time . the things that ARE good in this game are a birthday cake , punkin and the campfire.and also the all girl and all boy bathroom . once u buy the birthday cake , you are already starting a birthday party , u can choose who 's birthday it is that day . this expansion pack doesnt come with the vibromatic heart bed either . when u get the sims house party you will feel like you are playing the original sims .
 To tell you the truth it sucked.The items are cool -LRB- bubble chair ect ... -RRB- But you could hardly build a good home if you already have a full house with many other items.And the partys are confusing because to many people come and you have no clue who you are meeting !
 What 's new ? You can screw up your Sims ' lives , inject some romance or have them partying like wild dogs , other than that , what 's new ? Sadly nothing . Nothing at all.The Sims Expansion
 I own all of the Sims expansions and this one is by far the worst . This expansion gives you about 15 new items and is a waste of money and hard drive space .
 It looked so cool , but when I got it , I was queit dissapointed ! the sims got home at 1 , and it takes up lots of memory . I have it intsalled , but I do n't throw parties . it is a stupid expansion pack . MARK MY WORDS ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT ! What Maxis needs is new jobs !
 The expansion pack crashes everytime try to run it . Had to de-install . No customer support . It might be fun - IF you can get it to run .
 I thought this would be good , but I found it boring . No new jobs , if you do n't have lots of memory , the party goes slow . Sure , there is some cool stuff , but it is just chairs , tables , walls and floors . I mean , you don ' r really look at the walls . No new beds . They could just make one new career ladder , but they did n't . I recamend that you do n't buy this game ! And there has been lots of complants about bugs in this ep ! Save you money , and save it for better ep !
 Do n't buy this expansion pack , it 's not worth the money . As much as I love The Sims , I believe that this was a way of making us buy the leftovers from Livin ' Large . If you are going to buy any expansion pack , try Livin ' Large , and Hot Date . Note
 It is not a pin ball simulator , more a strange and fairly original game with a ball and flippers . I never enjoyed it , however .
 This game is horrible . I do not recommend anyone to buy it unless you really like playing games with the keyboard , since the joystick support for the pc is non-existant . Graphics are ok , but the game is not fun using the keyboard .
 This game is fun and addictive . However its performance leaves much to be desired . I have a PowerBook G4 667MHz , 768MB of RAM , with a Radeon 7500 32MB VRAM video card , and this game slows to a crawl when the population of the islands goes above 150 individuals.Its performance is just ridiculous . My computer 's specs are way above the system requirements listed on the game 's box , yet I can barely play the game most of the time ! I have tried everything to boost the software 's performance . I 've turned off all of the fancy graphics features -LRB- I 've even turned off display of trees and vegetation , ground textures , etc. -RRB- . Just to see if the game would run any faster , I 've even reinstalled OS 9 -LRB- I am running Panther right now -RRB- to run the it . Under OS 9 , it does perform a little better , but not much . The game would run well for a bit , then it would freeze for a couple of minutes to do calculations before I can get on with the game again.This is unfortunate , because I really like the game play , but its performance is just not acceptable .
 This game is really really bad . There is no way of telling if whos on your team and who is n't . When you shoot a tank with another tank a crater forms underneigth the tank that swallows the tank . The graphics are poor at best , with even worse animations . The physics are mediocre , with tanks catching huge air from jumping craters . The sound effects are okay , but when you crash vechicals into buildings it sounds as if a bomb just went off . Though the worst thing about this game is that it was lagging on single player on my 3GHz pentium 4 , 1 GB Ram , ATI 9800 pro 256 . Your way better off buying a good game like something from the battlefield series .
 i was informed that this would be the game to outbeat battlefeild 1942 , so i picked up a copy , the box looked good enough . well i 'm sorry but i am not a fan of soldner , its to sloppy , its not clean cut at all , you start the game and you find yourself waiting forever to load , walking forever to find anyone , when you do find someone the shooting lasts 5 seconds , then you either walk miles to find another , or walk miles to get back from the starting point . i really dislike this game and i 'm going to stick with Battlefeild for my war mongering
 I bought this game hoping that it would be a winner like the Battle Field series , or MOHAA . I was VERY disappointed . . The game claims to have realistic damage and many differnt vehicles/aircraft to fly . While their are many different vehicles , they all act alike . . They are difficult at best to control and the details are horrible . The liflike damage is poor , but you can level a whole town with an Abrams , unlike some other war games . This game is not worth the money , go out and buy a game like the Battlefield series , or the MOHAA series . The only thing good I can say about this game is that I am glad that I only paid 38 for this , instead of it 's original 50 price tag .
 That 's not a typo , the name of this game is actually Soldner . This first person shooter claims to have 2 million miles of terrain to explore.The character creation is rather nice . There are amazing combinations of helmet , clothing , design , etc. to truly make a character that reflects your attitude . The chance of finding someone else just like you in the game is slim.Game graphics are rather decent . There are various terrains , rain , snow , fog . There are buildings , forests , meadows . In addition , the terrain is deformable . You can shoot out the glass windows , blow up the buildings , knock down the trees . The buildings send up clouds of smoke as they fall.On the downside , though , the graphics engine is very flaky . You can be driving along a road and POOF it 'll vanish beneath your feet , only to reappear later on . It might temporarily turn at a 90 degree angle and then revert to its normal orientation.Sound is reasonably good , with stirring battle music and sounds of gunshots and tanks seeming relatively realistic . There is n't much ambient sound to truly immerse you , though.Single player is quest based , moving from task to task . You can take over tanks , jeeps and other vehicles along your road to glory.In multiplayer , you 're on a server with up to 32 people . Unfortunately the servers - including the patch server - seem to be randomly sick , making it hard to even try out the online gaming.While this is a great concept , it does n't seem to be quite fully implemented . The long load times , flaky graphics , and server issues keep adding ` speed bumps ' in your enjoyment , which might ultimately cause you to just go play another game that works properly .
 Single player does n't work -LRB- officialy posted - on Jowood 's tech forums -RRB- , And multiplayer disconnects you after 10-15 mins . The vehicle control system is buggy and untested , and the animation -LRB- or lack of it is apparent in every frame -RRB- , which is n't very fast either.Couple this with very long loading times indeed , and high the probability of having to shell out for ANOTHER upgrade just to play this title , leaves you with this advice : - AVOID THIS GAME LIKE THE PLAGEBuy Operation Flashpoint/Battlefield 1942 if you want proper examples of how a tactical FPS should be produced.Both titles can be picked up on this site for much less than this poor excuse of a game .
 I used to be one of those rabid fans that awaited for this game release ... Wow was I disappointed ! I have n't been this disappointed since I was 7-years-old , and I found out that my beloved Santa Claus was n't real.Some of the games largest attractors of the game was supposed to be the effects . Like collasping buildings and the overall environmental carnage that was supposed to be inflicted.Unfortunately , this portion has fallen short in the way it looks graphically . There is no major smoke or debris from falling buildings or trees . The graphics are lackluster to explain it best in the Euro version . If my Geforce FX 5600XT can really bring out great effects from games like UT2004 , Splinter Cell 2 , Thief 3 and a freebie like Americas Army . Then I know my videocard isnt a problem.Sounds , they are ok nothing really to swoon about . For a FPS set near a few year future of present time , I could care less about the sound effects.The only time I care about the sound effects is if it is in Star Wars or Star Trek.Gameplay , well it could be better . At times the game was very sluggish and the vehicular controls are jerky and overeactive , and yes I know how a jeep and HMMWV , and M1A2 tank is supposed to respond , and no they dont turn that quick even at high speeds.The vehicular movement is jerky and incomplete overall.Loading times are comparison slower to that of Battlefield
 First of all ignore the several dozen people who have posted reviews for the game before the beta was even out.Where to start ... well first let 's talk about realism , or lack of it . People can turn invisible , no instant kills , no ballistics , vehicles have arcade style controls , the list goes on . Every single gun from the Colt to the M82A1 has 100 % accuracy if you are lieing down . In fact the only thing that associates this game with tactical shooters is bullet spread and the amount of damage done per bullet . That 's about it , even Joint Ops has more realism and they purposely targeted the arcade end of the market.The 70 + weapons and vehicles ? wipe that image from your mind my friend , it 's actually about 55 and some of the weapons were actually taken out -LRB- all the pump action shotguns -RRB- . Some of the vehicles are simply redundant . for example there is no reason why anyone would use the Su37 instead of the Mig 29 . They 're exactly the same in weapons loadout , physics , the lot , except the Su37 has an exceptionally ugly model . All the weapons loadout for vehicles are the same . In fact the A10 's GAU cannon has the same values as the light machine gun MG3 . In real life the GAU is a 9 foot long 7 barreled anti-tank shell firing monster , and the MG3 is a relic from WW2 that would be lucky to penetrate a Humvee 's armour . You get the picture . I could go on and on about the inaccuracies but we have a 1000 word limit.That advanced destruction system is laughable at best . Crashing a plane fully laden with explosives causes no damage , but a single tank shell in the right place can make a 5 storey building simply disappear into thin air , with no particle effects or explosions to cover it up.Customising your soldier ? yeah it 's fun but the 60000 combinations were taken out , and we were left with roughly 100 . Viva le difference.Sound - Incredibly bad . They claimed to use actual real life weapon sounds , but that 's a lie , full stop . They use the same sounds for multiple guns and even the existing sounds are n't real because I actually know what certain guns sound like in real life . If they were good sounds to begin with I would n't mind , but they 're not . They sound like they 're from the early Tom Clancy games . There are no ambient sounds . And I promise , you will grow to hate the sound byte of some guy saying ` zzzoolldner ' again and again.Gameplay - for a mulitplayer game it 's completely unbalanced . Snipers are all powerful . They are impossible to see and can kill you from up to 1000m away . You start with enough money to buy a stinger that can take down a $ 20000 chopper . and just to note , the countermeasures the devs promised us are n't in the game , so when a stinger locks on you eject , simple as that . you 'll continuoulsy miss each other on the huge maps and spend half an hour just trying to find someone to kill . some vechicles + weapons are ridiculously overpowered and are dirt cheap as well , so why you 'd bother buying a comanche worth 15 grand and has only 6 rockets is beyond me . All jets are useless as they use the same rockets the infantry have and have a lockon range of 500m , and jets travel a minimum of 200kph meaning you fly past your target before it even pops up on the screen . And another interesting bug , it takes a full minute to actually get a lockon , so even at a chopper 's slowest speed you 'll fly past the target before it paints it . the modding tools are quote ` unsupported ' , ie . do n't work . and guess what , the devs decided they 'd deactivate the anti-cheat protocols , so expect to see plenty of people with infinte money + health.Singleplayer - does n't exist . There is no ` dynamic mission generator ' . In fact there is no AI . you get no team mates and all the enemy can do is drive round in circles and occasionally try to ram you with his tank . they ca n't even use weapons . this contrasts with their 100 % accuracy when it comes to using rocket launchers , making tanks useless.The graphics - mediocre at best . Ground textures are seriously low-qual . Nice explosions and water though . Pity they decided to leave out compatability with ATI ! ATI for god 's sake , the most used graphics card , and it 's not compatible with the game!Bugs - even if everything else I mentioned was fixed , this would still destroy the game . Bugs that were pointed out to the devs countless times are still there . Specifically that massive memory leak , so regardless of your system specs you will have lots of slow down + lag . It takes 8 minutes just to load up the menu , and 5 minutes to exit it . it 's really frustrating to know that every time you click the mouse you are adding another minute to your load time . you will be crashing to desktop a lot . and just to note , the average load-play ratio is 4 hours of trying to conncet , 30 minutes of play -LRB- I 'm not joking -RRB- . Here are the good things about the game : - the parachuting -LRB- very nicely implemented , the swimming -LRB- nice animations -RRB- , and the Z9 chopper -LRB- love the spec ops look -RRB- . that 's it . enjoy!Final word - you 're better off just getting the demo . it has all the weapons + vehics that are in the final game and it has singleplayer as well . It 'll take years of patching just o get this game up to spec , and given the developer 's track record , it 's not looking hopeful . Soldner is a game that is all idea , but never actually gives any results .
 Before you buy this game , I 'd recommend you read through the Forum for Spellforce and see just how many people are having problems with it not running . My system exceeds the requirements and I even have an nVidia card , but it wo n't run . I tried downloading the 29Meg patch and it gives an error and closes so fast I ca n't even see what the error is.Very poor quality software in my opinion to have this many people being unable to use it .
 Warning , I bought this and although my system seemingly meets the minimum requirements on the box it would n't run on my computer . What they do n't tell you is that it requires a nvidia card in order to work properly , or at least not a ATI card like I have . Their website offers no help except the discussion boards suggest they may issue a patch to fix this at the end of the year or the begining of next year ! That 's just TOO long to wait . Why did n't it say this on the box ? If it had I would n't of bothered obviously . Add to this that it locked up my computer and even their latest patch did n't fix the compatability problem ... So unless you have an nvidia card do n't waste your money !
 I find this game to be one of the most frustrating attempts at RTS game play I have ever played . I have played hundreds of hours on other RTS games and never found any game to be as annoying and poorly designed as this one . Not only do the designers intentionally limit your ability to build armies , but if your hero gets killed its start over time . You have to constantly micromanage your entire unit structure , especially the armies . You find your hero always on the short end of the battle since he or she is seldom able to defend himself against even odds . The border scroll function is either too sensitive or to slow to react in a timely manner . The AI is terrible and gives the overwhelming odds of winning to the enemy . I do not like the screen angle , you 're practically looking straight down on your charaters . Finding things like upgrades and ways to improve your hero and use of the tech tree are not intuitive . Your armies will not follow orders and attack anything they come across . Over all I would not buy this game if it was on sale for 5 cents . I would not be as generous in my praise as some have been on this game , it lacks real playability for the general masses in my opinion .
 I bought this and then returned it . This game stinks bad . It 's awful . Do n't buy it . I have Moto Racer 1 , and Motocross Madness and love them both.Road rash is good too . It 's a bit dated , but fun . Stay away from Moto Racer 2 .
 i try to steer the car as best as i can and i still crash 8237459283765928 times . it 's cool that a cop chases you around but the handling sucks . get need for speed 2 first then if you want this game -LRB- remember bad handling -RRB- then get this game .
 do not get this game . it is so horrible !! in tournement mode it is imposible to even come in 6th out of 8 . knockout is also horrible . the only OK thing about this game is hot pursuit . all in all this game ... !
 i love need for speed 2 . i bought need for speed 3 and i was bored out of my mind . this game has the worst cars and tracks . what a waste of money . well i aways play need for speed 2 so it 's all good .
 This could have been soooo much beter . You feel like you are going 2mph when your racing . The peruit mode sucks and the grafics look like the game was made in 1880 . My advice is to get Test Drive 6 or midtown maddness , this stinks .
 I have a Compaq Presario and when I got this game I was very exited.When I started the first race I was very dissapointed , the graphics were TERRIBLE , I could n't even stay on the course it was so bad.I have no clue whatsoever why the graphics were so bad.I dont know if it was my computer or it was just the game . But two great games that I love are Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000 , and Midtown Madness.All in all Need For Speed 3 was a big dissapointment .
 Mortanius is a moron ... everything he says except about the aspect ratio just proves that he 's an idiot . I know he wrote it forever ago , but just trust me ... go with joytech.-Game glass does NOT support 480p-the original xbox DOES support up to 1080i , just need componentcables and games to support it -LRB- enter the matrix is the only titlethat I know of -RRB- . - gameglass supports 480x234 , joytech supports 640x480 OBVIOUSLY a much higer resolution.maybe you should do your research before calling someone else out jackass .
 WHY YOU SHOULD SKIP GAME GLASS 's FOR JOYTECH 's : I was looking on the internet for an LCD monitor for my PStwo , so I decided to read some reviews on it . Luckily I 'm already a big gamer , so I knew the best site to get some gaming information
 Let 's take a look :7 '' Game Glass LCD screen for PS2 Slim supports the resolution 480x234 and costs $ 140 -LRB- February 2006 -RRB- 7 '' Mojoplay LCD screen for PS2 Slim supports the resolution 1440x234 and costs $ 120.8 '' Joytech LCD screen for PS2 Slim supports the resolution 640x480 and costs $ 160 . It also comes with a car adapater and remote control , plus built-in brightness and contrast controls.I admit that I did n't try Game Glass , only Mojoplay and Joytech , but obviously both Game Glass and Mojoplay simply can not deliver any decent results at only 234 lines of resolution . Sure the screen size is large , but details are very difficult to read . I could n't read average-sized text or see enough details on Mojoplay and I expect the same to be true with Game Glass . After finding a very favorable magazine review of Joytech I decided to try it as well and I was truly amazed with the difference . Joytech quality is visibly much better and it displays all the details that Mojoplay and Game Glass simply cannot.At first I believed that both Game Glass and Mojoplay supported only 234 lines of resolution due to technical reasons , but now I see that this is not true and I 'm even disappointed that such screens are being sold for gaming purposes.I can now recomend Joytech for use during travel and at home , even as an alternative to a larger monitor . While Mojoplay and Game Glass are sufficient only for travel and not with every game.Note that I could n't find the Joytech screen on Amazon.com but it can be found on Google and Froogle . It 's also difficult to find information if Joytech is designed for the regular or slim PS2 , but indeed it is for slim PS2 .
 The game glass was defective and I received no help from the company offering this item through amazon . I have had to go directly to the manufacturer to get service on replacing a defective product . This was a christmas present and my son has been unable to use it . I should have trusted my instincts and waited to purchase directly through game stop or eb games .
 These controllers are cheap ... which is why I bought them . Trust me when I say this , you get what you pay for . They are flimsy , plastic , and do not function properly . The buttons only work somewhat , and the `` dual-shock '' worked on only one side . Needless to say , I am returning these and opting to pay a bit more for something functional .
 Good luck with these wireless controllers . I bought this pair as a gift for a new PS2 gamer , but was dissapointed with it 's failure to connect . They do blink very nicely trying to make a connection and I suppose they 'd make a nice , if not expensive , holiday ornament . I 'd give it zero stars if I could . Caveat emptor . -LRB- That 's Latin for `` keep your receipt . '' -RRB-
 This is my second set of wireless controllers for the PS2 . This set worked great for about a month , then they would lose their connection to the receiver . New batteries , but no joy . Now they only work intermittantly . These are going to the landfill .
 These things have a mind of their own . Every electronics item in the house seems to interfere - phones , microwave , FISHTANKS ?!?! Sometimes they work , sometimes they do n't ...
 I got this one knowing that it would n't fit in the GBA SP as the old one did . However , the few reviews I found made it sound OK.The Good : This battery does charge fast and last a long time . It does n't make the Gameboy Advance SP look ugly or weigh it down much . I only notice a little tightness in the fit on one of my two containers I use when taking it with me . It 's not that bulky . It comes with its own little screwdriver so you do n't have to track one down.The Bad : There are no instructions included . In fact , the box specifically states it has a 3 year warranty if it damages the system , more details included in the manual . THERE IS NO MANUAL INCLUDED ! It 's not like this is rocket science , but a web search for instructions did yield one piece of information , to remove the original battery starting from the left side . Pelican 's site also no longer lists this product , so it 's very unlikely they 'll stand behind it . Disappointing.Now , the actual battery . While the back plate runs along the back to give it stability , it does n't fit perfectly . There is a slight , but noticeable shifting if you put pressure on the top part of the panel and then the back . Even minimal motion has the potential to damage the inner workings of the machine . You can minimize how often it shifts by learning where to place your fingers , but you ca n't stop it entirely and balancing the GBA is annoying.In conclusion , I wanted a new battery because my old one still worked , but had lost about half its charge . I have so far enjoyed all the Pelican products I 've purchased , but I do somewhat regret getting this model instead of one that fits inside the unit . I picked up a spare original GBA as a backup for $ 20 , so I 'm not as worried as if this were my only Gameboy , but they should have done a better job on the design .
 This battery does not fit into the gameboy like the original battery .
 Since getting a 360 this year , I 've been in love with the wireless controller . So I decided to get these for the awesome price for a two pack . The Good
 If you are considering buying this item ... DO N'T !!!! My dad bought them after we bought our Xbox off my friend . They were brand new and with in not even a week after we got them they had many issues . It seems that even the smallest wireless signal can interfere and disrupt it causing the receiver and the controller to lose connection . Plus to top it all off one of my cat knocked it off of a little table I have and it 's not very high about maybe an inch off the ground ? I went to pick it up and the battery cover was broken , the upper left joystick was broken , and it would n't turn on anymore ; the batteries were brand new so I know they were not the issue with the power . This is n't worth any price at all . They are cheap and crappy , if I would have known this is what my dad was looking at I would have told him to go with Pelican , they have never failed me once . So I recommened you go spend your money on something else this is definetly not worth it .
 Controllers appear to be a bit buggy . Hight latency and EMI appears to affect them easily . If I could do it all over again , I would have gotten different controllers . You get what you pay for with this one .
 I bought these controllers because I thought I would save myself some $ . It was about $ 40 for both when I could get another brand for $ 40 for a single controller . The design -LSB- form-factor -RSB- , and are a bit smaller than the standard controller . I do n't like the placement of the back and start button . Also vibration is really , really weak compared to the standard type-S controller . My biggest vice is that the controller 's lose their connection all the time , which is really annoying when playing because you mess up all the time in the game just because the controller goids out .
 Does not work in Vista . I liked the game in earlier versions of Windows , but it simply will not load in Vista .
 Although the graphics are nice and the game has some good features , the dealer never seems to receive a bad hand , the cards which are dealt are not really random . In fact , I tracked over 500 hands , and the first two dealer cards averaged 17.2
 I do n't understand all the great reviews - this game dissapointed me.What most annoyed me about the game was the poorly thought out strategic element of the game.During each scene and map , the user/player is given a list of objectives . Some of those objectives may involve capturing territories or the player takes their own inititiative to capture territories to establish map dominance and gather more resources . This fits the theme and could make for a very interesting game.But not very far into the game , the player begins playing scenes where Germans drop down into the game from unknown and questionable locations . In one map , I had captured all territories and was then told to establish a roadblock . When the Germans arrived , they appeard from both ends of the map , including coming up from my starting origin -LRB- they came up from behind -RRB- . The game immediately destroyed any sense of strategy for me.Another example - when preparing for a German assualt , I had established a good defensive perimeter and held three bridges . I was doing well and satisfied with my progress . With almost no warning , the Germans began bombarding my defenses with unseen artillary , destroying my defenses and forcing my units to retreat . It felt like the hand of God came smashing down on my units for no other reason than to make the game more difficult . No earlier intel had been provided and the artillary just `` appeared '' - again , destroying a sense of satisfying strategy.Managing units is n't very well designed , either . Units do have a lot of options , but it is n't practical to attend to each unit and use those options when lots of Germans begin appearing from all different sides of your units and multiple locations on the map . It becomes a poorly thought out click-fest , even when using hot keys.About half-way through this game , I deleted it off my hard drive .
 This is a good RTS for people who do not play a lot of RTSes , but otherwise it is a terrible RTS . There are many things that an RTS should have that this game did not . * Worse path finding out of any game I have ever played.One of the most useful tactic in any RTS is the full scale assault . In this game all that will happen is all your units will collide constantly and will make it easier for the enemy to kill all your units . You would think that moving in a straight line would be easy , but no . You would think that when you realize you need to retreat , your units would be more than ecstatic to do that . Instead they just keep colliding and then bam , all your units are dead . * There are no useful formations.Unlike sayAge of Empires III , all units have a single useful formation . That formation would be no formation , because in real games your units will being taking artillery fire as well as ground fire , so the best formation would be a loose formation . That formation does not exist and therefore full scale assaults become useless and easily countered by artillery . * Unlike real life , infantry can not assault a machine guns , they will just get pinned down and complain.Note in wikipedia `` Both the Americans and the British trained their troops to take cover from the fire of an MG 42 , and assault the position during the small window of barrel replacement . '' For a game that is designed to be WWII tactics , I wish that they would have real WWII tactics . * No real morale systemEven though infantry will be pinned down by machine guns , there is no other form of morale . So if you like theTotal Warseries because you can force unit retreats , then should forget that tactic and find a new one . There is no use for flaming pigs in this game . * There is no sense of unit supply in this game.So your units never run out of bullets , and never have any real problems . My favorite RTS of all time wasMoon Project . Why ? Because it was extremely complex , this complexity was from full technology trees , fully customizable units , and the fact that units needed to be supplied . If your units ran out of ammo , you needed to get a supply truck to them as soon as possible . * Very stupid AI.I have had more challenging AI inEmpire Earth . Granted that AI would cheat , but in most modern RTSes AI learn from your previous tactics and figure out a way to counter it . I know that when I started playingAge of Empires III , I would win matches against hard AI like it was a joke , because I would sneak into their base easily and disable all of their resource gathering . After about the second game of doing that , the AI learned to build towers as quickly as possible in order to prevent that tactic . And I have not seen any higher level AI in this game.I feel like this game would have worked better if they did itWorld in Conflictstyle rather thanCommand & Conquerstyle . This game seems like it is designed to be a fast pace RTS , but it still has resources and other non-sense that are made for slower pace and heavier strategy RTSes . RTSes really only work as either a fast pace RTS or a slow pace RTS , they just seem terrible if it is in between.So all and all , this RTS is a good RTS if you have not played RTSes before . It will show you what a fast pace RTS is like while at the same time showing you what a slow pace RTS is like . If you have played RTSes before , then you will probably hate this game . And most of your frustration will be because of the terrible path finding . The path finding is what ruined this game for me .
 when i got this game i thought i could use all the parts of a game . I know there is expansion of the game but i did not know that you need to bye the newest company of heroes to use most of the game . if you want to play one player you can only play 1/6th of it . and if you want to play multilayer you can but you cant do all that other people can with the latest COH they can customize there army . you ca n't so over all the part of this game that i played is a good game . but there is A LOT of the game that I Cant play .
 Very cool graphics and all that.However , it falls victim to the same thing EVERY single RTS I have ever seen does
 I did not like the game because the action is not in first person as crysis or call of duty and separate operating controls are hard with little player interasion with .
 The original COH was great , until this `` expansion '' comes out . Opposing Fronts is extremely buggy . The game freezes all the time . Worse , after you kill the frozen game , it wo n't recognize your DVD any more . So , you have to reinstall it . Worse yet , the updates can not be downloaded into your hard drive , so you will have to wait for the 200MB download every time you do the reinstallation . If you think this is frustrating enough , you have not seen half of it yet . The Panzer Elite faction in this expansion was made super strong , as in the super human sense . Even a newbie playing Panzer Elite can easily , and I mean easily , defeat a veteran of the original game . I suppose the vendor wants to make sure you buy the new package instead of staying with the old COH . To make sure you absolutely do not have that option , they also force you to play against Panzer Elite in multiplayer setting . There is no way to opt out!And to add insult to injury , they sell the expansion pack as a `` stand-alone '' , i.e. full price . After I bite the bullet and pay up , I realize that I still can not get the great gaming experience back because everyone else in the multiplayer lobby wants to play Panzer Elte , and two such players can not play against each other . So , I either have to join the other 17 players in waiting for a clueless cannon fodder to come along , or I have to be that cannon fodder . Either way , it is no fun .
 this is a great game that I would not hesitate rating a 5 overall for , but unfortunately it crashes way too much for me to enjoy it . I am playing this game on a new computer , and even after downloading the most recent patch for it -LRB- 1.4 -RRB- it still has horrible crashes that prevent me from enjoying it.it will get a 5 from me when the crashing issues are fixed .
 The AI for this disgrace is bad not only by 2011 or 2007 or even 1995 standards but even by Atari 2600 it is awful.No stratagy involved , just a race to see how fast you can point and click.The most obnoxious and useless game voice over I 've ever heard , the `` tough guy '' audio just never shuts up.The add-on games to this that followed are equally as bad.This is only for people that are easily mesmerized by loud noises and bright flashing colors .
 Freezes up while playing . There is no color . When I installed it it looked like it would be in color but then all of a sudden it all turned into black andWhite . Ruins the effect of the game .
 It 's a nice visual rendition of the classic space invaders game , but there are some problems running on my XP laptop : - there is no way to configure the keyboard controls - it does not retain high scores between runs - it sometimes slows down after the laptop sleeps , and only a reboot will cure that - no way to adjust sound level from within the game - timing is different from original game
 Both my self and a friend -LRB- an avid space invaders player -RRB- were extemely disappointed in not being able to configue the keyboard keys to move myships with arrows instead of `` S '' & `` F '' . Perhaps the Brits are used to thesekeys to play , but , Americans were used to the left and right arrows.Waste of money.Ray Carioscia
 Space Invaders was an old Atari Console game that I played in the early 1980s . I always wanted to have it on a PC micro computer in its original form like it was on the console.I ordered it through Amazon . Other games besides Space Invaders arrived , because I was sent two of the same disk numbers and one of the disks was missing.I sent an email to the dealer . The dealer told me that he was on a trip and would send me the missing disk soon . He was indefinite about when it would arrive . Several weeks have gone by . I have not received the missing disk .
 its not all that you think it is in my opinion I 'd rather buy a 1 cent playstation game and play it instead
 Im a huge fan of WW2 flight sims and the Pacific versions are among my favorites . CFS1 was an awesome game and I bought the add on with great expectations . I was severly disappointed . Playing it with more than the sys requirements , the game was choppy and the graphics were poor . It `` looks cheap '' . There is little detail to the terrain or planes compared to CFS.Even after upgrading to a blazing fast system and maxing out all the setting this game is still a disappointment . I have seen other abacus add ons to CFS since buying this one and they are all the same in terms of quality and playability . I wont buy another one .
 I loved the new planes . The missions are flakey . Many missions do n't give you enough fuel to successfully complete the objective . What 's with the Japanese medals ? They are the same as the German medals . Pretty disappointing . I do n't recommend this as an add on to the World War II Europe series .
 As an add-on the Microsoft 's CFS1 -LRB- Europe -RRB- , this does add some `` warfare '' in the Pacific Theater . -LRB- And this is great if you are running WinNT , which will not run Microsoft 's CSF2-Pacific Theater . -RRB- But overall it , along with other Abacus add-ons , was a GREAT disappointment . The planes are unrealistic in flight characteristics , the scenery is very poor , you can miss another plane by a mile and it registers as a mid-air collision , the maps you are shown are European maps from CFS1 , and the program itself frequently `` crashes '' . My advice
 Beware ! This program is software snake oil . The description and sales materials make Search and Recover sound like it can recover everything . Unfortunately , it does n't live up to all the hype . I tried to recover files from a hard drive , a Secure Digital card , and USB thumb drive , and nothing worked!To make matters worse , even Iolo 's tech support has no idea how the product works . Before I purchased this awful program , I sent an email to Iolo asking them if the CD was bootable . It is NOT !! I only wish I had read the reviews here before I spent money on this piece of junk . You have been warned .
 It completely sucks . The software starts scanning and then gets stuck `` not responding '' , when I finally got it to scan it never found any of the pictures I recently lost , I tried to use the `` recover '' feature but it was not responding after it finished scanning . A complete pain in the ass , lost my money , never got the pictures or files I wanted . It scans things you have been looking at in the computer , so if you were reading about a movie or looking at some clothes recently , that is what you will recover .
 I agree with the other 2 reviews-this SUCKS ! I give it a -0 if Amazon had a score that low . I put the thing on a `` deep scan '' and waited FOURTY TWO HOURS for this P.O.S. to recover ... NOTHING ! It froze up on me too . All it did was come up with s -- t I already knew was there and traces of half-mangled temp file pix that I had already dumped from cookies and cache via Disk Cleanup . Gee , thanks for sorting thru my TRASH ! The C.S. Rep was dumb as a box o ' rocks , and even an old Tech like me could not show sympathy as I let her have it . She knew less about the product than I did after using it ! People
 This software does n't work at all . I had 3 partitions on my hard drive and accidentally erased 2 partitions . This software was only able to `` see '' the files on the unerased partition and could n't recover the other 2 erased partitions . I had better luck with R-studio recovery software and was able to recover 100 % of my lost data !
 WOW , I ca n't believe I did n't read the reviews before I opened the box.The only upside is I paid 19 , not 35 dollars . Other than that ... its a waist of money ... the other REVIEWERS nailed it right on the head , I have nothing new to say , just reinforcing their opinions .
 Installed this on two PC 's , lap & desk , does n't work half the time on either . Program `` not responding '' is quickly becoming the most seen phrase on my systems.It also has conflicts with some previously installed programs , and no solution or workaround is suggested . Other programs must be uninstalled before running S&M ; # 7 or even leaving IT installed as is just as quick to pop-up a conflict with ... message.Other reviewers are right , I suspect tech support is only a dead letter box -LRB- file 13 -RRB- . No help here . It promptly automates a blanket response , then forgets about you . It does however manage to send you daily emails about how good this product is . Thou dost protest too much.On the up side , this product is bound to improve the much sullied reputation of car mechanics .
 These are two unbelievably abominable products . Neither will install on my system , and the ongoing dialogue with their so-called tech support has done nothing to improve this situation . It is now mid-February 2007 . My problems began in October , 2006 -LRB- Search and Recover -RRB- and December , 2006 -LRB- System Mechanic 7 -RRB- . During the time that iolo tech support strung me along , my 30 day return window closed behind me . Since last October , I have incurred hours worth of long distance charges -LRB- because iolo has no toll-free support number -RRB- . Customer service stubbornly refuses to refund my money , and a certified letter to iolo 's CEO , Noah Rowles has yet to generate a reply .
 This is a USELESS 40 $ purchase which does n't even recognize the 7 photo files that ARE on my SD card , much less recover the ones I lost after I accidently changed the format . Getting my hopes up AGAIN with the promises of this program ... . after a rare cruise with and rare photos of my dad who has now passed away .
 I guess it would have been too much to hope for thinking theGameBoy version would be as good as it 's N64 brother , which may be thebest sports game on any console . The GameBoy either does n't have the power or Acclaim just could n't pull it off . Maybe a little of both . I guess I should have been worried when I saw the game was not backed up by a battery . Instead you have to deal with the dreaded password . Acclaim 's website was very misleading in the sense it lists this games features in the same breath with the N64 version . All the stadiums are not reproduced , there is only one generic one . Trades are not possible . Although the box boasts 100 different batting stances I have seen only the same few all the time . There is no tracking of season stats , other than standings . All the players are one race it would seem . The sound effects are poor and the constant organ music drives you bats -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . The batting interface is an exercise in futility . It 's near impossible to string hits together and all the scoring in the games I have played by both sides are homers . Fielders seem superhuman making hits even more difficult . There is also almost no way to tell balls and strikes . Pitches off the plate are called strikes and some crossing the plate are balls . Forget about drawing any walks . The pitching interface though I do like , although pitchers realistically have only 4 pitches not 8 , which means there is no difference between Rnady Johnson , a flamethrower , and Greg Maddux , a finesse pitcher . They both have the same pitches . The more I play may prove me wrong but all players seem to have the same abilities making it seem like even the worst hitter in the lineup can be Mark McGwire . Stealing bases is near impossible and pickoffs are too frequent . The bullpen mode is nice but how come you can tell when a reliever is ready but not know when the in-game pitcher is tired ? I could find no way to tell this so I guess you have to assume 6 or 7 innings is enough work , although one pitcher I faced pitched 11 innings ! I think the fielding interface is fine , although when you adjust fielders against a batter I wish they would return to default once he is out or on base . You could literally play at double play depth or outfielders playing in by mistake the whole game . There is one positive though . You do have Major League rosters and a Hall of Fame squad . I was disappointed in this game but I have n't given up . I will continue playing and hope to uncover some silver lining . Sorry Acclaim .
 This game can be entertaining , but only for a while . The graphics are fine for Gameboy , but everything else is not very realistic . It is way too easy to win - home runs can be hit 25 % of the time while at bat . The codes for accessing saved games are too complicated with strange letters and numbers . It is way too monotonous of a game , and is not worth buying .
 Be aware that the software is from 2005 . The CD must be in the drive for the software to work . In spite of advanced efforts to work around this problem , I was not able to . The game interaction is very slow and requires a mouse click or a key stroke for every action which is then followed by a delay . Bets are cumbersome to change . If you leave the sound on the game is even slower . It only has a maximum of four decks which is not realistic for most of today 's casinos if you want such a game to practice . Fortnately the price was very low , so I did not mind uninstalling it and throwing it away . Look for a more modern version , I am .
 I 'm a complete sucker for anything TMNT , especially playing as them . For all their flaws -LRB- and there are a number -RRB- the first two games based on the '03 reboot were very fun and I played through happily without pause.I was a little put off by the Prince of Persia-ing of this game as witnessed in the demo -LRB- mostly because it felt like a cheap knock-off , instead of a re-use of the mechanics on a similarly qualified game -RRB- , but forgot that and purchased the game later anyway , simply because I do so enjoy playing out fight scenes with the turtles , monotonous though they may be.The game is mostly oriented , as many have noted , toward the casual and younger gamer . This does n't bother me much , as this is inevitably the audience that the turtles continue to be marketed to -LRB- a bit of a shame , as casual perusal will lead you to many of us who are at least somewhat older than 10 , or even older than teenagers , who are interested or still interested in the turtles -RRB- . I was pleased to find the game is pretty fun , combat being overly simplistic , but amusing in small doses . Except then we come to the acrobatic portions . Some are bothered by the perceived lack of challenge -LRB- ie , you can fall any number of times , as well as lose all health , and still finish the game -RRB- , but I 'm a little more bothered by what seem to be incontrovertibly technical flaws.First of all , the controls are set in stone . This is insane on a PC game , port though it may be . Having your left hand on Z , X , C and spacebar for much of the game works well -- but then you `` need '' to use alt for teamwork and a few other odds and ends . Underneath your hand . Maybe this works for others -LRB- smaller hands , perhaps ? -RRB- , but it was frustratingly unintuitive for this gamer.Second , the camera is awful . It is set on rails , with turns scheduled for point X , so if you are looking ahead and think , `` Ah , I 'm going to jump across here ! '' and prepare yourself to do so , you may find at the last moment that the camera is turning at that ledge and in fact you are going to one side or the other on your pre-determined path . Depth perception , angles and distances are often inscrutable because of bizarre camera angles , disrupting the flow of moves like wall runs and ledge-swinging , which aim for a parkour-like sense of momentum . It 's hard to maintain that momentum when the camera suddenly switches and you 're now technically heading in a different direction -LRB- thus requiring a different directional key -RRB- . The controls are probably the worst element though . Beyond the fact that they can not be changed , they are occasionally sluggish and further hamper that `` parkour '' element . Wallruns are simultaneously too easy and too hard , -LRB- often I found myself running along a wall I meant to jump alongside , overshooting a ledge and falling to my non-death , or jumping at a wall and scrabbling at it to fall to my non-death instead of running along it -RRB- with ledges having pre-determined points for jumping off and grabbing on that do n't always make themselves readily apparent.It 's the worst kind of frustration to half-enjoy a game , to see and even have some fun in it but to have what is best described as a small child flicking you constantly for its own amusement in the controls and camera . It 's not debilitating and can be circumvented -LRB- or at least plodded through -RRB- , but it 's incredibly annoying and makes concentration and fun difficult .
 So the teen green machines hit the PC for there game based on the movie in a 3D world of ninja shell kicking.You start off as Leonardo who has been instructed by Splinter to reach an Aztec goal of some kind ... basically , all levels tell you why you are doing this level and you run through it collecting coins and fighting bad guys while trying to reach the end.As you progress you get to play as all 4 turtles , including Raphael 's alter ego , after individual stages with them , you begin to be able to use them all together for levels . With the press of a button you can change into which turtle you want to be.Each turtle has there own signature moves . Leonardo in some stages has the ability to walk through gates -LRB- without opening them , remember that from the movie ? -RRB- Raphael has the ability to climb walls with his weapons , Donatello has a long leap he can preform with his bow , and Michaelangelo can spin his nunchucks like helicopter propellers to float around for a short bit of time.The controls are pretty simple ; jump , attack with weapons , attack with kicks , a button that allows you to use a double team move , or tap it to change turtle when you reach those levels , and a block button.I bought this game because I owned TMNT on the DS . . which I am not very found of either . I was expecting a game much different to that of the DS , but found that it is much more just a larger , better detailed version of it.In both games , you start off at the start of the stage , and run and jump around the stages in one direction , jumping , flipping etc. . then come to areas where you fight the bad guys in one spot , defeat a few of them , and continue on.For this bigger version , I 'd have thought maybe it would not be a coarse to follow , but rather many ways to get to the end of the level , and you can backtrack and explore areas you just came from ... but no , it seems it 's pretty much like the DS version where you ca n't do anything of the sort.This version is much better then the DS version in game play , levels and graphics ... but it shares something that makes the DS version fail too ... there is no replay value . Once you have finished the game , you can re do the stages to find all the coins and some that you previously could not access the first time around , but for the cheats they unlock , it 's not worth it.In the cheat menu you get to unlock big heads for the turtles . Why they have done 5 for each character , I do n't know , one cheat that said `` big heads on/off '' would have done . There is also a cheat to change there weapons to a broom , cheese sticks , salami chucks and burger flippers , as well as a code to make the bad guys Halloween looking , which you hardly notice , and one to make the turtles wear those goofy costumes Michaelangelo wore in the movie of the turtle ... . pretty much useless codes if you ask me , they might amuse a 5 year old for 5 minutes , but even they would grow bored of it quickly.There is 16 levels plus some bonus map levels you can play , but the annoying thing is , every single level is exactly the same thing . The scenery , surroundings and obstacles may change , but every level is just running to the finish line , jumping , swinging , blah blah blah ... and thats it.What this game really needs is a 2 player mode , and more missions to play other then just running around all the time . Why could n't they have a skateboard stage , a car stage , i dunno ... anything but 16 levels of nothing by running through a pre chosen path and doing the same thing all the time.Many moons ago when the TMNT 's first video game came out , it was a smash hit on the arcades . It was very button masher friendly , but it still was not all just a side scroller or all running and fighting ; it had skateboards , flying tank things and a lot of interesting little nic-nacs to it . Also in even one of the worlds most hated yet addictive games was the TMNT on the Nintendo -LRB- NES -RRB- even that game had variety in it to keep you coming back for more . Unlike this game , where as once you beat it , you do n't feel like playing it anymore , and I did n't feel like playing it anymore after about the 6th level . It seems the only things you can fight with are the bad guys when you come to them . Even in the DS version you had boxes and misc things you could attack to find things inside , in this one , I do n't think there is anything at all you can do like that.Some things that I grew really tired of fast was the limit of moves you can do . It seems like your pretty much just holding or tapping the same buttons over and over again and there is no real strategy to any of it . I also got sick of it taking a few hits to get rid of the bad guys who would fall , lay down and get back up . So I downloaded a ` trainer ' to use while playing that had a cheat for it to have one hit kills ... and that really should have been a cheat they put into this game themselves ... but even then , with the one hit kill cheat on , it still seemed like the game was taking forever to get through.Also , I said the fights have no real strategy ; well , the rest of the game pretty much has no real strategy . It 's very easy to work out how to do things , and there is not that much of a challenge to things . At first it seems challenging to get up to some higher areas when you need to or learn to bounce of walls properly , but once you work it out , it becomes simple.In the game you hear Splinter tell you in later levels when your playing as all the turtles that you should all work as a team and rotate around because you will need all 4 of the turtles specialties to get through the next levels ... . well , you do n't . If you ever played the NES version , the first game , not the arcade one , you will remember you could select all 4 turtles whenever you wanted to . But you usually stuck with Leonardo for having the second longest weapon to fight with , then Donatello when his long bow could reach things the other 3 weapons could n't , and Michaelangelo was the Leonardo reserve if you needed it , but Raphael was pretty much useless ... . well , guess whats back in this game?I found myself mostly using Michaelangelo and his helicopter gliding ability to make the big jumps after two flips , and then when it came to climbing certain walls you need to , i 'd use Raphs climbing ability . Pretty much , Leonardo and Donatello did n't even need to be in the game . You may get bored of mashing buttons in fight scenes and use there special attacks or for double team moves , but during levels , you pretty much stick to those two turtles unless your trying to test yourself to see if you can do it without relying on the specials.There are some stages that take a fair bit of practice to get through , but personally , after doing them , i did not think they where fun , not did I want to do them again after that . The other reviewer in her short comment said her 10 year old loves the game . Yeah , maybe a kid who loves TMNT will love playing this over and over and over again ... but I have a feeling he gets stuck on certain areas and ca n't get past it ... it seemed like it was a bit hard for a ten year old to work out how to do these things , although , not impossible , but I have a feeling once he gets older he will see this game is no longer fun and it will sooner or later collect dust having been replaced by a better game.The graphics of this game are OK , there is a few interesting things you come across now and then in the game that have not been seen in other games , but like I said , once you beat the game , and if you can be bothered collecting the rest of the coins to unlock cheats , it really has no replay value.I already mentioned it needed more then the same thing over and over again , and a 2 player mode , but what else i thought it needed was the ability to play as more then one turtle at a time . In the previous TMNT games in recent years , they have had 4 turtles on screen at once , no matter if you where playing on your own or with 3 friends . . if they already did that in a previous game , then why not do it for this one ? `` WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY `` So overall , it 's pretty cheap to buy now if your curious about it , I do n't think you will get the feeling of being ripped off by this game . But unless your a TMNT craving kid who loves anything thats TMNT , I do n't think you will get much replay value out of this . I have gotten no more then 2 days out of it myself , and i 've already un-installed it .
 Sim City 3K Unlimited is definately a great game , but it does n't work correctly on many systems . This is the only PC game I have ever encountered that my CD drives scratch just by using it -LRB- mind you I have no clue why . I excanged it twice already -RRB- . It only works correctly running windows 95 or 98 , none of the 2000 editions -LRB- ME , 2000 , XP -RRB- . If you are a fan of the Sim City Franchise , buy this game and make sure you have the reccommended requirements for best gameplay . Otherwise , I would n't reccommend it .
 This version of the game is not as fun as the previous Sim City was . The only disasters in this one include , plague of locusts , tornado , space junk , UFO , toxic cloud , earthquake , whirlpool , and fire . You ca n't even recreate the 1938 New England hurricane in Providence , Rhode Island , on this one -LRB- I tried to -RRB- . Either stick with the previous one , or get the latest version .
 Like other reviewers , I 've had problems with this game on both Win 2k and Windows XP . On 2k , the game installs and loads , but stalls on the first screen . On XP , the game installs but does not load.I originally bought this in China -LRB- legally -RRB- and thought that this may be the reason . I used to play it on a Windows 98 machine until that machine crashed , and I had to upgrade to 2k , and have not played it since.I also contacted EA Tech Support who insisted that this game is/was designed for Windows 98 . They suggested I run the compatibility wizard but this was a failure.Why they 're still selling this game escapes me . Maybe they 've corrected things on later versions though.If you can get it to run , this really is a fun game . There are plenty of improvements from Sim City 2000 that I enjoyed , especially the more logical traffic and crime patterns , and the huge increase in map size.All in all though , do n't buy this .
 This game has problems crashing . The game is unstable . The user interface is poor in many places . For example , your city can throw a parade for you . It is cute the first time it happens , but the game forces you to wait through the whole parade for several minutes . There is no option to end the parade early . It is difficulty to place certain features in your city.Read alt.games.simcity .3000 for a week and you 'll see that many other people have the same problem .
 This game should be lowered by at least -LSB- amount -RSB- . This game takes up a lot of space on your hard drive . Sim City 3000 Unlimited is n't much different then Sim City 3000 , the biggest difference of all is that its ... more exspensive . It runs slow on almost every computer , and it will sometimes have a few bugs . Example
 if you have older version computer you could hardly open it as it takes so many memories of it , and i do n't know how to build it as there is no manual or explaining of it , maybe somebody knows how , but sure you could n't use it in older version computer as i said above . i believe it even takes you long time to build stuff .
 Do not get this game ! The game has poor graphics , bad gameplay and the game quickly becomes tiresome . The scenarios are not very good at all . They are either extremely easy or almost impossible . There is also no guide that even vaguely explains how to work the game . It took me a while to learn how to just get water to the houses . The games tutorial only teaches you things if you were already very good at the game , opposed to being just a begginer .
 Will Sim City 5 ever come out EA Games !? I 'm bored of Destinations already and love my city building games but one can only create the same city over and over with different designs before it gets to old !
 I have played many versions of the Sims at my friends house , and they were great . Very fun . So I went to get this Simcity 3000 , very excited to start to play this game , but then I noticed that this game stinks on ice !! It is way too complicated me . Now i feel like i have just wasted 20.00 on a really bad game .
 I love the SIM games , and SIM City 2000 was great - but this version was annoying , and was not improvement over 2000 . Here is to hoping the next version will be great !
 It 's probably good fun if you have n't seen Simcity 3000 . And it 's even better if the last thing you played was Simcity 2000 . But if you already have Simcity 3000 , do n't go for it . It 's nothing but a cheap relaunch from Maxis - they better think about real game improvements next time , rather than how to squeeze the last drop out of this game .
 I was very anxious to get this game . To be frank , I just did n't get it ! I had it up and running but I just could n't figure out what to do . Hope you will have better luck .
 Do n't get me wrong Sim City 2000 was great I loved it . But this game is just Sim City 2000 with better graphics . Thats all I have to say . Im mad I bought it when I already have Sim City 2000 . Oh yea you can not make farms , I tried , its imposible .
 Let me first say , I love Sim City 2000 and 3000 . I am one of those guys who waited for 6 years for 3000 to come out . And it was ... ok , not great but ok . Maxis had promised all kinds of things like a transportation package that would let you build monorails ... where is it ? Another thing , this is the 3rd installment-excuse me , 4th installment , and you still see the same buildings over and over again in your city ? Oh come on ! If you have Sim City 3000 , dont spend money on this . Aside from the building creator that you can download and buildings you can also get from others , there really isnt anything new here worth plunking down $ . Thumbs down !
 This game can be fun for a short period of time , but you do n't really get to control it much . The best part of the whole game is the Building Architect . I would not recommend this game to people who like to control their games .
 This game stunk , it destroyed my computer and im not joking!b It destroyed my brand new < Asin
 This game is great ! You get to be the mayer of your own created city . Many probelms accure and you run out of money fast . The only thing that puts this sown to 4 stars , is it acn be frustrating and is VERY HARD to get started . It is much easier to use a starter town -LRB- recomendation if you are planning on buying this game . -RRB-
 First , this is not a `` NEW '' game , it is an upgrade for Sim City 3000 . There is no new elements to this game , just some new features and scenarios for the original 3000 . Second , and more importantly , the game runs `` SLOWWWWWWW . '' Even on a PIII 500MHZ w / 256MB of RAM , once you have a population of over 1 million , the games starts to creep along at a snails pace . The new scenarios and editing tools are cool , but defenitly not worth purchasing a whole new game .
 Has been out for several years but this simulation has nice graphics . The problem is that it does n't play fun for long.I 've played Simcity 2000 and had more fun with it . Simcity 3000U does n't have catchy music and the funny newspaper was replaced by a near-meaningless ticker tape . Etcetera . Has a scenario editor but custom scenarios play the same .
 Simcity 3000 unlimited does NOT support Windows 2000 , Me , NT.Someone still running Windows 95 or Windows 98 interested by my copy ? Mr Flintstone , maybe ?
 Basically this is a repackaged version of Sim City 3000 . I found it annoying that you pay the price for a repeat . Yes you get the building architect and all , but you can download that from the Sim City site for free ! The `` new disasters '' are silly , especially the whirlpool . The aspect of this expansion that I did like was the new asian and european building sets.If you have Sim City 3000 , do n't bother with Unlimited . It is a waste of money unless you want to pay the price for the new building sets.I have one of the new powerful computers and the unlimted version slows down big time once cities get large . You have to turn off the music and traffic to make the thing go at a decent pace.The `` new '' scenarios are silly and very easy to master . Not challenging at all.So , if you have Sim City 3000 , do n't waste your money
 SimCity 3k has great graphics hands-down , but if you 've played oyther SimCitys then you 've played SimCity 3k . The gameplay is identical with minor tweaks here and there , but with most of the hype that went into this game left out . You ca n't tweak individual buildings , or really get into the management of a city as you would like to . Once again things like subways and buses operate without an revenue generation -LRB- what country in the world gives away public transportation ? -RRB- , thus tying your economic fate to basically taxes -LRB- which are a simple model as well -RRB- and some policies . Graphics are great , but the gameplay is the same as before .
 I bought Sim City 3000 Unlimited thinking it would be the best game I 'd ever played . I ca n't begin to tell you how wrong I was . The game comes with no manual , and it took me 2 hours just to figure out how to get power to the houses , and even longer to find out how to put in `` on ramps '' from the roads to highways.IF you can figure it out , you might actually have some fun . But since there 's no manual that even briefly describes the game , doing this might be somewhat of a challenge.Take my advice - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I just purchased the game and I ca n't get It to install . I went to EA tech support . No help there . I Googled for tech support . Did everything they said to do . Still wo n't install . Save your money for SimCity 4 . I hope that one works . I wish I had known before I bought this .
 Do not buy this game . I was really , really excited when I bought it , but when my dad and I tried to install it , it did n't work . It just , instead , sort-of-ruined our computer . That made me and my sister not able to buy any more Sims games , which really stinks . Do not buy this computer-breaking game ! I 'm hoping that this reveiw will save your computer from Sim City 3000 Unlimited 's horrible software -LRB- when I say horrible software , I mean horrible software -RRB- .
 SORRY ... . Sim City 2000 is more user/player friendly . Graphicsare good to ok . SIMCITY 4k Deluxe blows away SC3K . To be honest ... I STILL PLAY SIM CITY 2K BECAUSE IT 'S PLAYER FRIENDLY .
 Dont get me wrong this game has nice grapics , and ok music . But the game is slow and the controls are a pain , most of the game is just not what one would expect . Retro 80 's looking people basicly running around and getting lost . Its not an Rpg game like Prince of Persia , Fable , Morrowind , or Baldurs Gate . Which I took it to be by reading the back of the game and the reviews here at Amazon . It is not like Maigc the gathering eather . So Im not sure what it is . I just know that if your an major Rpg gamer you will most likely not like this game .
 I enjoyed the game despite it 's cheesieness . The storyline was funny . However the controls were a bit jumpy , I wished they had smoothed it out . Also you are able to do stealth kills in the game but it is impossible to pull it off . Somehow the enemies find you quicker they they should and once they know you are around they always somehow know where you are . I really enjoyed the extras of this game . You can play a golf mode and a mini golf mode where you go around and shoot the ball and try and make it in . If you have two copies of the game you can system link and play soccer against each other . Overall I found the game fun when playing it in easy mode . I found it frustrating when playing it on hard .
 OMG !! This one 's a real shocker . Who would 've thought that a game could be so BAD ! The graphic 's are horrible . They would 've been horrible on PS1 ten years ago . It 's one of those games in which you can see your characters back the whole time . The camera is able to rotate around you , but you 're unable to run towards the camera . The battle system is very incomplete . Pressing the left trigger allows you to perform a cheesy combo . The graphic 's twitch when you fight or just perform an open combo when there 's no enemy around . Kiddie looking games with adult content are a great idea -LRB- I 'll take CONKER anyday -RRB- . However , they often fail in the gameplay department . In this case the game is n't even nice to look at . All the main factors are not present . Gameplay , controls , and graphics all need major work . Sorry but I feel that someone needs to go back to the drawing board .
 Ok this look game looked good when I first started it . The graphics were nice and I was doing allright with the puzzles . But I am hearing impaired and I could not finish the game beacuse a vital puzzle involved matching sounds . Needless to say I was disappointed and frustrated . I wish the makers of these games would give some sort of an indication on the package just to warn people like me . I work hard for my money and I spent it on a game that ended up in a drawer because I was unable to finish it . It wasnt a bad game if I had been able to hear correctly I would have finished it and enjoyed it .
 Beyond Atlantis is a game in the spirit of Myst and Riven . Unfortunately , Beyond Atlantis does n't have what it takes to make a great game . While the graphics are very good -LRB- I wo n't say breathtaking , because they were n't quite that good -RRB- what makes or breaks this sort of game is the puzzles , and the puzzles in Beyond Atlantis are horrible . They are mostly inventory-based -LRB- i.e. , you have jump through some hoops to get an object that allows you to activate something or talk to somebody . -RRB- However , the puzzles just are n't logical . For example , why does one character only speak incoherently until I bring him a particular slab of rock ? Or why does clicking on some pictures on the wall result in the wall giving me a pearl ? This is never explained . Furthermore , there is no continuity in the game -- you never have any idea what you are really trying to accomplish . Now , there are some positive aspects to the game -LRB- very nice graphics , and a couple of good puzzles -RRB- but I suggest that if you play this game , keep a hint manual or a walkthrough handy , because without it the only way you will beat the game is just through dumb luck ...
 I found this to be an average puzzle-solving adventure game , much like many of the other games of the same caliber that are out there . I did , however , question the rating on the game . The game holds an `` E '' rating which states that it is suitable for any person age 6 and older . I believe that a young child would not be able to solve many of the puzzles and challenges in the game , unless they purchased a cheat book or went on the internet -LRB- like I did -RRB- to get hints for the puzzles . Plus , some of the creatures encountered in the game may frighten younger audiences , and a scantily-clad priestess in the Maya scene may not be suitable for younger eyes . You can use your discretion on this , but I gave the game a two-star rating .
 This game provides a real experience for a PC gamer - the graphics are terrific , and the whole `` mystique '' of the theme intices you to try it . But shortly afterwards , the frustration that sets in will make you sorry you did ! I am not into PC games as much as some of the other reviewers are , but I am an intelligent person that enjoys a challenge , and a diversion once in awhile . I picked the WRONG game for that ! This game required my finding a `` cheat site '' on the web so I could continue on with it , and I have needed to refer to it throughout my attempts at it . And the `` cheat '' info was not always enough to get me past an obstacle . There are very few clues for you to know what you 're even supposed to be looking for , ridiculous blocks along the way , and slow movements that only add to the frustration level . Find another game !
 It 's too bad Dreamcatcher Games ' games all have the exact same gameplay . I think they 're trying to re-create the style of Myst , but they do n't realize that there is a subtle art to making a game like this . The first rule they violate is to make the game possible to figure out on your own . They provide almost no clues for any of the puzzles -LRB- It 's impossible to figure out where to use the crystal ball in each place unless you try every single screen -RRB- . They make it so difficult you pretty much have to use a walkthrough . I was able to get through Myst without any help , but I did n't last five minutes in Beyond Atlantis.The only good part about the game is the way it looks . All the worlds look amazing -LRB- which is good , because you 'll be spending a lot of time in each one -RRB- . Unless you like to spend countless hours trying to figure out puzzles with absolutely no clues at your disposal , you should avoid this one .
 The problem with the puzzles in Beyond Atlantis is the complete absence of guidance about what to do with each puzzle and what you will achieve by solving it . There are a few which are intuitive but this is the exception rather than the rule . In an adventure game difficult puzzles are a good thing as far as I 'm concerned but they need to be logical and relevant to clues you have already seen or found rather than totally abstract and therefore requiring trial and error , which is how most are in Beyond Atlantis.I do not believe that even a seasoned adventure-gamer can complete this adventure without the use of a walkthrough , which to me totally spoils the experience and the sense of achievement you get from completing this type of game.Yes - I could not wait to get to the end , but for all the wrong reasons ! I did not enjoy playing this game whatsoever.I purchased Beyond Atlantis and Beyond Atlantis II at the same time , and after playing the former , was dreading playing it 's sequel , however my fear was unnecessary . Every complaint I had about Beyond Atlantis has been rectified in the later , making it a fantastic game with difficult but intuitive puzzles that can be solved with thoughtful observation of your surroundings . Whilst a little jerky , the graphics and sound are fantastic and enable you to become totally immersed in the story . I recommend that anyone considering this title , purchase the sequel `` Beyond Atlantis II '' instead , which whilst not as good as the Myst Trilogy is certainly one of the best games available .
 The only saving point for this game is the graphics ... I have to admit that some of them were absolutely astonishing . That out of the way , THIS GAME WAS A WASTE OF TIME ! Far too many of the puzzles were either too pixel-sensitive or too obscure to grasp the concept without tearing one 's hair out ! There was WAY too much backtracking to accomplish tasks , having to talk to someone on the other side of a world to finish a particular puzzle , with no hint whatsoever of having to do so . Necessary objects to complete puzzles often just blended into the scenery , almost as if they were not even objects . Also , vital clues to solving puzzles were stashed away in one , little , unobtrusive graphic that could have been easily missed . Cryo and Dreamcatcher seemed to spend all development time on the graphics , but relied too heavily on them instead of integrating the puzzles into them . Much like some of Dreamcatcher 's games , The Crystal Key -LRB- just as maddening -RRB- , The FOrgotten -LRB- the first in a series that seems to have been forgotten , thankfully -RRB- , and others . I just finished Myst
 After playing Riven and The Last Express , Beyond Atlantis was a sheer disappointment . Some of the puzzles were downright impossible and completely illogical . Granted Riven had some tough ones , but they were intergrated into the gameplay . In addition , the acting was embarassingly bad . I did n't even finish the game . The only motivation to complete the silly puzzles was to see the next `` cool '' scene . Bottom line , there are too many other games with beautiful graphics and engrossing plots as well . Steer clear of Atlantis !
 I enjoy adventure games , but since I 'm so busy I can only play a few of them a year , and so I choose only to play the best . Unfortunately this game does not fit into what I call `` QT with my PC '' This game incorporates annoying voice acting where the words do not match with the speakers mouthes , and I found that transitions to be slow and boring . The puzzles were alright though they were not very informative and there was n't much humor in the game . Overall , I just thought it was a good concept that could have been a better game , but just was n't exciting enough . ...
 What a dumb game . The beatiful graphics ca n't cover the fact that the puzzles are vague and more than a little frustrating , -LRB- even with a walkthrough ! -RRB- and that so-called selling point of 360 degree movement gave me motion sickness . The characters are peculiar looking and some of them undulate in an odd fashion , which , along with the corny dialogue , makes it hard to take seriously . In particular the Mayan women ; what is up with the British accents ? Had I known this was a Dreamcatcher game I would not have bought it . I was so wowed by the graphics I did n't even notice . I 'll never make that mistake again . I do n't recommend this game ; save your money .
 This game was so icky I did n't even finish it . The rendered characters all appeared to have some sort of unhealthy skin condition , and tended to rock back and forth while delivering their bad voice bits . The locations were pretty , but the node-to-node navigation was extremely frustrating . Some of the puzzles were n't too bad , but others were pretty far fetched . Between the creepy characters , the dizzying navigation and the inane puzzles , I just could n't bring myself to continue .
 This game has very good graphics but the excitement is not so high . This game is very theoretic and leaves you thinking . Personally , I would n't recommend this game just because it was n't as fun as I thought it would be . But hey , that 's just me ! It 's a good game if you 're in to serious philosphies and wonders about life .
 The graphics were great , but it was difficult to figure out where to go . The puzzles were exrtremely hard , and there did n't seem to be much of a point to the game . So , if you come across this game , think twice before being grabbing it off the shelf . However , if you like Puzzle games , such as Myst , then you would probably enjoy the shere boringness of going in circles around a stream or trying to talk to a giant spider , or pheraps you would like walking in a sheep 's field ? Maybe talking to monks ? Watching a fox chasing chickens always excites me ! And do n't forget the shadow outside the chinease gates , too scary for words , and remember that spinning the turtle in circles is the way out !!
 I bought this game because the reviews said the puzzles were as interesting and intellectually challenging as the 7th Guest ; but it is far less so . Too many of its puzzles require guess-work and do n't require logical analysis . Also there are too many `` jump-though-hoops '' steps , i.e. completely random use of an object , not based on any clue or information from any of the characters . In fact , to get the 5th level , I had to go to a hint guide to find that I had to go back through all four previous levels and click on one completely random place in each level . Yeah I want to waste my time , but I 'd at least like to use my brain while doing it .
 Were Can i find a walkthrough for this game ? i mean yesh it gives you no type of background info that would lead you to find the answer , at one ppoint -LRB- xilgalga rainbow thing -RRB- i started looking at the sky for clues , and that lil bat is uglier then snot , but anyways back to the walkthrough , please if u know were to get one from email me at firebat02@hotmail.com or pschofreak@hotmail.com -LRB- pscho spelled as it is -RRB-
 I have liked every game Dreamcatcher has ever released , but this one was a little tough to swallow . In typical Dreamcatcher fashion , the graphics are wonderful and the music is very relaxing and laid back . I think the reason for the calming music was the fact that this game is very annoying . Now . I consider myself to be pretty good at solving puzzle games , and if I get stuck , I call a couple of friends and we work these out together . But neither of us liked this game very well . the clues are n't detailed enough and many of these puzzles are repititious . You do n't know if you have done the puzzle right until the end of that sequence . Very annoying . when they speak to you , it 's like your speaking to Confuscious . Very hard to discern the clues they are giving . My suggestion is spend your money on another Dreamcatcher game
 Everything in this game is confusing , especially with no instructions . The game almost expects you to know what to do and how to solve clues . I struggled through this game for a long time and could not understand what was going on . The only thing I give this game credit for , is the graphic 's and exotic and ancient soundtrack , otherwise , this game is needle in a haystack !
 When I started playing the game , I regretted buying it instantly . The graphics were stunning . The music was engaging . However , the controls were extremely confusing.Talking with characters in the game was a tedious task - you have to position yourself directly infront of anyone that you wanted speak to . And before you can press the `` action '' button , the guy walks away . When you finally get to talk to the person that you wanted to speak to , he answers '' Go away little boy ! '' All the effort for nothing ! At the start of the game , you are thrown into an unfamilliar world that is supposed to be the future . The game lacks clues and each puzzle , in turn , seems disturbingly more illogical than the one before , thus you have completely no idea what to do or where to go , except running around mindlessly.The game has many beautifully rendered landscapes but this does not make it up for the gameplay . Worst still , the many wacky camera angles that you have to endure throughout the game will make you head spin . Even the camera angles in TombRaider games are n't this bad.This game has a nice packaging and graphics - but do n't be fooled by it .
 The graphics are rich and interesting as well as the sound . Thats where it ends . Controls were difficult to use . Clues to puzzles , non existent . You waist alot of time running around trying to figure out what to do . After the first hour of game play I gave up and used a walkthrough . The plot is a linear sequence of scenes -LRB- about 11 in all -RRB- . Once you leave a scene you can not return so if you forget something in scene 3 that you need in scene 11 - well tough luck . You have to start over . The scenes present puzzles that become increasingly difficult as you progress . Unless you have a lightning fast processor you wo n't be able to complete the adventure . Game speed will get bogged down , game controls will be sluggish , you ca n't draw weapons fast enough , you ca n't run to escape a threat , etc. . Do n't waist your money .
 I have tried several times to play this game after installing it months ago . I just find it so annoying to try to maneuver the character and interact with people and objects ! To open a door or pick up an object , you have to be positioned right in front of it , or nothing happens . That would not be a problem if the character were easy to maneuver . But he walks too fast and will overshoot the mark if you do n't time your moves just right.Once you do finally come into contact with another character , the exchange is completed unsatisfying . The characters -LRB- including your own -RRB- have nothing of interest to say . Even calling them `` characters '' is being generous . They reminded me of the voice of the computer on Star Trek -LRB- vaguely , as Majel Barrett has much more personality than these automatons . -RRB- I suppose the above would n't be so bad if there were some sort of mission to encourage you to continue . But all that the short introduction reveals is that you are trapped in the future and now you have to find your way home . We 've all seen that plot before and it 's usually accompanied by some intricate subplots to give it more depth . I have yet to see that here.If it still interests you , check out www.dreamcatchergames.com and see if there 's a demo you can download . Maybe your experience will be better than mine . Here are some games I have played and can recommend
 I have played Riven , Myst , Journyman III and feel I have a little experience under my belt . Time Machine started off with a great storyline and graphics . I found it difficult to navigate the character and to solve the puzzels . Two evenings trying to get off the first level disappointed me . My time is valueable , too and a game should not be so inept that it keeps you from progresing in the very beginning ! Movement was difficult and could have resulted in carpel-tunnel syndrome ! Give me a mouse to use ! If you buy it - good luck !
 If you have played some good quality games , you will be disappointed by this one . It 's too bad because the basis of this game is a good one and a time machine alone could be a great tool towards what could be quite the adventure . But these possibilities are not achieved by this game . You can not move around freely and the controls can be difficult . Your kids might enjoy it but if you are looking for a whole lot of fun , try Myst , Atlantis or Blade Runner .
 I bought the game , thinking it would be a quaint , comfortable Victorian science fiction adventure , like the atmosphere in `` The Rose Tattoo , '' `` Prisoner of Ice , '' `` Tale of the Comet , '' or `` Alone In the Dark . '' All of those games have primitve point of views too , and the Alone In the Dark series also has bad graphics ; but the stories are strong ; they are sophisticated and well-told . Something which , despite what Hollywood would wish for us to believe , is 98 % responsible for the appeal -LRB- spelled success -RRB- of a game/movie . Lousy story equals lousy product . That 's my opinionated summary . The specifics , I list below , in random order : So , boys and girls , Immediately I 'm plunged into a little weinie story chock full of lamebrained preadolescent magic -- an Ali Babba-nightmare , if there ever was one -LSB- to avoid -RSB- . Besides the idiotic storyline , the point of view of the game was annoying too -- the POV was angled higher , almost giving it a playing-with-an-antfarm feel to it . I loath frigging antfarm games -LRB- i.e. , POV is a bird 's eye view -RRB- , as they are frequently juvenile and boring . Not to mention trivial . -LRB- And the character as an old man has a creepy voice ; for instance , `` A charming beeasssste '' sounds absolutely queer , not to mention suspect . -RRB- Yes , kiddies , after the brief Victorian flavored opening , this game instantly devolves into an Ali Babba infantile fantasy . Not too good a recommendation for the game , in addition to its marked lack of intuitive play , even for a so-called `` thinking '' game . It 's a real boner in both storyline appeal and the way the game 's universe is viewed and handled . You can skip this CD across a pond and get more of a thrill out of that than playing the trite thing .
 It was fun once I got it but after three days of playing it gets boring
 I have a question , on the very beginning of the second episode , when he is trying to get to talk to the top monestery dude . How do I get there ?? I do n't get it . Anybody , help !
 Very , very , dissapointing . The graphics are great but the story line and game play are menial . The puzzles are not challenging at all and the game is too short . -LRB- about 3 hours of gameplay -RRB- Save you money and buy something else .
 I must say this game had great 3D graphics . The only problem was that the graphics slowed the game down . This game dealt too much with just searching around the area for things that can be used . The game needed more puzzles to solve . Moving around from place to place took too long . Then just as it was getting good the game ended without a puzzle to solve . But I did have fun playing it .
 How anyone could rate this game above two stars is beyond me . I was thoroughly disenchanted with this game . Although the graphics and the cinematic seens were impressive , the fun factor was VERY disappointing . Do n't expect for this to be a high action , role-playing game with lots of shooting , explosions , and weapons . The actual gameplay is limited with too many cinematic scenes . Player interaction with the game is severely low . Do n't expect to use a gamepad with this game
 The only thing that saved this game was the graphics . On the other hand it also slowed the game down . It took a long time to get from one place to the other . The game mostly focused on finding objects and not solving puzzles . It was more of a patience factor then a intelectual factor for playing this game . I found points in the game where I knew what to do but the area that needed to be clicked was too small and hard to find . Then just when the game started to get fun it just ended without a final puzzle to solve . The puzzles in this game would be more for an elementary school student .
 This game is like a `` paint by numbers '' ! An arrow tells you where to go . You ca n't wander around ... you `` frame '' around . I like to get into a game , run around , peak around corners , hold weapons and spells , fight off enemies , gain power sources etc. . This game lost me within the first 5 minutes . I do n't like being limited to movement by the arrows . Maybe I want to look at something across the way ... or fall off a cliff -LRB- if I wanted to -RRB- from losing my balance after being chased by a demon ! I want choices!I had those choices , and so much more , in Clive Barkers ' Undying and American McGee 's Alice ! Two of the best games you will ever play , if you want demented , heart pounding terror . Sometimes , in those games , you do n't want to peak around the corner , for fear of what you will find ... but you do it anyway . Now those are games !
 it was not what i expected . it 's so easy ... I 'm on the second cd withing two hours . Well , i have to confess that i stuck at library of the dracula a little and do n't know what to do . It has some interesting graffics , so well created . Anyhow , it 's not one of the best adv.games and i would n't recomend it .
 Worst game I ever played . No more needs to be said !
 This was more of a point-and-click movie than a game . With fine graphics and a variety of characters to interact with , I expected more than what this short , easy game offered . While the storyline was interesting to a point -LRB- rescue-the-girl is not very original -RRB- the end was simply an opening for a possible sequel rather than a satisfying conclusion or even a showdown with Dracula or his henchmen . The most interesting thing to do in this game is to laugh at the unfortunately named character , `` Dorko , '' when she says `` Tremble before the rise of Dorko ! '' In short , beginners and/or people who like pretty graphics more than a challenge will enjoy this game -- seasoned gameplayers will likely be disappointed .
 I was extremely disappointed in this game . This was the easiest game I have ever played ... it was essentially just a game of connect-the-dots with fancy graphics . There was never any doubt about what you had to do next , or how to solve a puzzle -LRB- if you can even call them puzzles -RRB- . 75 % of the time the items that you needed to solve a puzzle could be found in the immediate vicinity.However , this game does have one or two things in its favor -LRB- hence two stars instead of one -RRB- . 1 -RRB- The graphics and cut scenes were well executed . 2 -RRB- It had a fairly interesting story . 3 -RRB- This would be a great game for a beginner - they could get the hang of playing a computer game without getting discouraged .
 i ordered this product when i recieved it there was no camera put what does the name say eyetoy antigrav with camera i mean if your not going to ship the camera then dont advertise it
 My son tried it and he did n't like it because it was so hard to control the movement .
 I purchased this game to supplement the eye toy camera . I 've already gone through three different disc , each resulting in a `` disc read error '' . Through continued research , this game only plays on brand new PS2 units and not former , although less than two year old , units . Problem being that this game is copied on a BLUE disc which is more difficult for the PS2 to read than other titles . I 've since sent numerous emails to Sega asking for some reasoning , but they 've all gone un-answered . The write up for the game sounds interesting and probably enjoyable if you can get the game to load . Based on my experience , I rate this game a single star for quality and service support from Sega . Note there are other titles like the Nickelodeon game which perform flawlessly .
 Why when I spent the money on a cam.do i have to buy another one
 Eye Toy anti grav was possibly the worst game I have ever bought ! There was some complete false advertising too . The commercials said you could walk around the house and outside and it would still follow you . It definitely doesnt do that ! It does just about everything but that . It cahnns you out of 50 bucks it barely works without the right lighting , and can hardly follow your body movement . The first eyetoy and eye toy groove were much better , if you are looking for a good game buy one of those not eye toy anti grav . I sure wish i did n't
 I thought this game had potential , but I was disappointed . Translation was clumsy , animation stiff . As with SO many of dreamcatcher games , controlling the cursor is frustrating.It 's so fluid that it 's hard to do a simple quarter turn ; you wind up doing a 360 !! Not many puzzles really , but a lot of running around . You want a great adventure game ??? Try LIGHTHOUSE or TIMELAPSE .
 The Sacred Amulet is a game that takes place durring the time of one of the greatest empires in world history . However , the gameplay is very poor and there is no true 3d graphics . the graphics engine is comparable to Quick Time VR with 3d panoramic views . This just did not foster good gameplay . Also it was very tedious at times . The included Aztec encyclopedia was a very nice touch . It was not mandatory for game play , but the information is there in case you are interested . It does provide some insight into the culture as you play . The graphics themselves are alright although not 3D . I would n't recomend this game to those interested in the action genre or even anyone who engoys RPG games because it simply fails to entertain through its gameplay . However , the graphical content does succeed to allow one to see a small peak into the lives of the Mexica -LRB- Aztecs -RRB- .
 I did not enjoy this game at all . I felt that I was back in school and had to cram before the final . There are 7 chapters of text in an encyclopedia format to study just to understand what is going on within the game . I 'm sorry . A game should be just that - a game.There was no `` spellcheck '' performed on the text or dialogue boxes , nor was it proof read for proper grammar . It was created by the French and translated -LRB- poorly -RRB- into English covering cryptic ancient Aztec language , history , geography , and culture . Wow ! Did things ever get lost in the translation on this game.After two days worth of play , I pulled the plug . I did n't even finish the came . Before they published this they should have cleaned it up and toned down the 50 + pages of encyclopedia entries.If you want to study the Aztec culture , this might be a good buy for you -LRB- if you can get past the incredible number of spelling and grammar errors -RRB- . If you want to play a game , this is not what you want to buy . Although the graphics are lovely , they can not compensate for the poor game play . The majority of puzzles within the game are not challenging . The `` play '' of the game mainly consists of your character going back and forth to different areas of the city and carting back different items . Quite a bore.Thumbs down on this one .
 I was very hyped for Psychonauts . It was the latest work that came from Tim Schafer , the man who brought us Monkey Island and Grim Fandango . Little did I know that once I 'd popped it in and started playing it I was going to be disappointed . I 've read and heard the praises for this game 's visuals but these compliments were surely to the XBox version . In this PS2 version the character models and environments lacked detail and looked dated . PS2 's Psychonauts is riddled with loading screens . The constant pausing felt like riding a roller coaster only to stop every few feet . There was also a notable lag here and there . Overall the experience was missing flow and polish . It was easy to realize that this game was designed for the XBox.Aside from all the negatives there are positives . For one the heart and core of the game survive . The game is funny . And to find something like `` funny '' is a often a rarity in a video game.So the bottom line is that if you 're thinking of getting this game and have a PS2 and an XBox , get the XBox version . Heck , if you have a 360 , get the XBox version because Psychonauts is now on the 360 backwards compatibility list . If you do n't have either XBoxes , play God of War or better yet buy a 360 .
 This is a fun game to play but the one thing that REALLY got on my nerves was the 35 second load time . Every time you head towards a different part of camp you `` load '' and that takes forever . No other games I have played wasted time with constant loading . You ca n't have everything .
 I got this game because Tim Schafer worked on two of my favorite games of all time Grim Fandango and Full Throttle . However , It did n't take long for me to get incredibly bored of this game which reminds me of some souped up version of super mario brothers . It lacks creativity and imagination and is nothing like the lucasarts adventure games I fell in love with as a kid . If you 're an early lucas arts fan , save you money and do n't buy this game !
 I love the concept -- but it 's too free form , and there are so many bugs -LRB- concentrated mainly at the end of the game , suggesting that they rushed to get it out the door -RRB- . I had to use an online faq/walkthrough to actually navigate the game , because often times I just could n't figure out what I was supposed to be doing . And by the time I hit the last stage , i had constant freezes at important moments . I have n't been able to get it to work for long enough that i can finish it and I 'm fed up . I 'm gon na sell it and buy a good game that works .
 This expansion pack is how Quake 3 should have been - and if you 'd have asked me a year ago how good it wasm I 'd have probably given a better review.However , it 's surprising how `` retro '' it felt after playing Star Trek
 This * is * just a piecemeal offering from Id for a bolt on other companies have for free , or as a patch . The multiplayer is fast -LRB- otherwises known as errors in their skeletal system -RRB- , and the weapons now have alternate fire modes , which other game companies have had for years using the same engine ... odd , that . Correct , this is not a single player game as Id never could get the AI down quite right . But , who plays single player deathmatch ? Okay , if you 're burned out from Counter Strike and all the other Half Life bolt-ons , get this . Otherwise , go download Counter Strike and have at it .
 Save your money . All you will get from Quake 3 Arena is a massive headache.The graphics are incredible but the screen action is too quick to enjoy . The game also lacks any sort of a quest .
 Quake3 has been a major disappointment with the existing gaming community . It lacks specific elements from Q2 that has made the series popular . While Quake3 does have better protocol which allows for a ` smoother ' online gaming experience , it fails in almost all other categories.One of the great things that makes Q2 so much fun is its online , multiplayer capabilities . More specifically , the Capture the Flag scenario where you get to join a team and play Capture the Flag . This ` mod ' as its called is extremely fun and is what made Q2 so incredibly popular . There are TONS of mods for Q2 but CTF remains the most popular one.Unfortunately for Q3 it came with no Capture the Flag out of the box , which is an obvious miss for ID software . One thing that makes developers good and their games great is listening to the gaming community and unfortunately they missed the boat on this one.Quake3 looks cartoonish , lacks the ` grapple ' -LSB- a device where you can ` throw ' the grapple on almost anything and pull yourself somewhere -RSB- and is basically a bunch of people running around and using ` jump ' pads . What a cheap excuse for a sequel.Again , if there IS anything decent about Q3 is its better internet protocol , which in turn is more likely the result of their new ` game engine ' . While the game may be smoother for most people that play online games , Q3 is still not even close to exciting and Quake2 is still king of the heap.jd
 I do n't care what people think , all this is is an improved Quake 3 . This is the game that Quake 3 should have been when it was released a year ago . Instead we were given a half finish , sophomoric menu driven , rehashed game ... which was beaten out feature wise by the more polished Unreal Tournament . Now we have to pay AGAIN to get the finished product . I find if funny that the most popular online action game right now it Counterstrike , which is basically just a Half-life mod base on old Quake engine technology , yet it 's destroying Quake 3 for players online . I 'm glad Quake 3 is dead ... because it died a long time ago .
 So I got this game and guess what I could not get it going looks like they terminated the whole server and the site to where you could not play it anymore . So each time I tried to play the game it said the site had been terminated so O well .
 This game stinks it is a poor try at combining chess and Magic the Gathering it got a 17 % in Pc gamer and its entire purpuse is to make you buy stuff at high prices STAY AWAY !!
 I suspect the board meeting for this game went something like this : Boss
 Aside from the fact that the game is painfully complex and boring , the thing that got me the most is that after you spend money to buy the game -- you have to spend MORE money to actually win against opponants . It 's like buying a car , and then having to pay extra for the keys , it 's simple exploitation . Activision ought to be ashamed of itself .
 Just to be clear , this WAS an online game.As part of the online game , it also required secure trading with other players . That means it requires secure servers to be run by the company so that players have a way to interact.Those servers no longer exist . This game can not be played and does not have an option to bypass the missing company servers.This game should no longer even be sold , its only value is as a dust collector or if you really like the picture on the box cover . Save your money and go buy a poster of Q if that is what you want.And for the record , even back when the game could be played , it sucked horribly and was not worth your time .
 I highly suspect all of the 5 Star reviewers here are plants ... For one , they all say they love playing this game `` After Homework '' and use certain words in all caps.Another reason you can suspect they are n't real people is because they think this game deserves 5 stars.This game is terrible , horrible , and above all , expensive . Do n't buy into the system , simply play something better.If you absolutely want to play a tactics game online , try Tactics Arena Online or Final Fantasy Tactics Realms -LRB- which are mostly free -RRB- , or Sanctum -LRB- which is not free -RRB- , or chess or poker or something else besides this game .
 It is a map Of the OG WOW ... But it does look too much like a com . map and not an awesome laminated double sided map of Azeroth!Look at the curser for gods sake !!
 I picked up this mouse about 18 months ago for $ 45 after my elderly Microsoft IntelliMouse -LRB- old ball type -RRB- finally gave up the ghost . I respected the build quality of MS peripherals -LRB- I 've had a few of their keyboards , mice and even a joystick or two -RRB- and have always been able to run their stuff hard and put it away wet and still get years of use out of them . This mouse does not hold up to that legacy in any way . Knowing what I know now I would n't even buy it for $ 20 , let alone $ 40 + . This is the first laser mouse I 've used on a regular basis and I was mighty impressed with its increased accuracy over my old ball mouse . It slides around on my mousepad like its floating on air , is light , balanced , comfortable in the hand and very responsive . Too responsive even . Even the slightest twitch is felt by this mouse and there is no way to filter that out . While this may be awesome for a sniper in an FPS its an exercise in frustration for some puzzle games or anything fiddly.This puzzled me because one of the most commented upon features of the mouse is its advanced profile system and the ability to change profiles on the fly . No matter how I tweaked the sensitivity I could not completely filter out the slight involuntary motion , I could lessen it but not eliminate it . On top of that the software is a pain to use . Installation issues aside -LRB- I had no problems but many have reported them -RRB- the software is clunky , too stylish for its own good and annoying to use . Some settings also do n't stick . I quickly grew tired of the harsh blue glow of the mouse and disabled it only to find it was back on the next time I started up my PC . Checking the settings again showed the piping was still `` off '' but a look at the mouse proved otherwise . Cycling profiles corrected this but its annoying as heck to do because you have to to it EVERY TIME you restart your system and the button for it is mounted on the bottom of the mouse . On top of that swapping profiles causes the mouse to `` go dead '' for a few seconds so using the feature in game is probably a death sentence for any hardcore FPSer . After awhile I just found a setting that I liked , cloned it to all the profiles and uninstalled the software . I 've learned to live with having to swap profiles to lose the blue glow.Okay , so , bad software aside its still a good mouse , right ? Not so much . As the months wore on more and more issues started to crop up . The rubbery `` piping '' that glows blue started to discolor because of the sweat of my hands -LRB- what do you expect my hands to do during a 4 hour session of Battlefield ? -RRB- , its now a dirty brown color . Dirt and grime also builds up in the many seams and cracks around the piping and removable side buttons . Thinking it just needed a good cleaning I took the mouse apart and ran into several issues . First off the screw holding the mouse together is mounted under the rear glide pad . Fun stuff . Once I opened the mouse up I was unimpressed with what I saw . The light tube that carried the blue color around the piping of the mouse had partially fallen out . I never noticed because I turned it off but the poor build quality did n't impress -LRB- I also noticed it uses the same innards as a Razer Copperhead Tempest , just an FYI -RRB- . The next problem was cleaning it . The rubbery piping collected gunk like a champ and was a pain to clean and get back into place , the glow tube kept falling out and getting everything put back together again was made difficult by the flexible piping and odd shape of the top portion of the mouse . The mouse needs regular cleaning to keep everything going smoothly and its not fun , easy or quick to do.Okay , bad software , mediocre build quality and being a pain in the butt to clean , other than that its good , eh ? Nope . After about 14 months I would get seemingly random instances of the mouse not tracking properly . It would n't track left/right almost at all and up/down slowed noticeably . This would pass after a few seconds of wiggling the mouse around . I for the life of me ca n't find the source of this problem . I 've cleaned the thing inside and out , remade the profile settings and even taken a q-tip and cleaning alcohol to the laser lens and I still randomly have the issue . A few months later the buttons started to act up . Right click works great but left click , the workhorse button of a mouse , double clicks some of the time without reason . I 've never had this problem with any other mouse and I do n't have it with any of the other mice I use regularly . Again , cleaned it and mucked around with the settings but the problem still persists . Lastly the profile swapping button on the bottom of the mouse easily get s pushed aside . Sure , I probably use it more than most people but its still pretty easy to push aside to its no longer seated properly . I 've had to take it apart because of this more than once now . Looks like I 'll be getting a new mouse sometime in the near future , I can tell you right now it wont be a Razer . If this is an indicator of the quality of their products I feel sorry for anyone stuck with anything they make.To sum up , The Pros : Ergonomic . Light , balanced , comfortable.Laser mouse . No ball to worry about/clean . Snappy buttons/wheel . The buttons click nicely and work well.Accurate . It tracks well , has a ton of resolution options and preforms well -LRB- while it lasts -RRB- . Slick looking . The black with blue glow looks great , just do n't get tired of it cause your kinda stuck with it.The Cons : Crap software . Its buggy and a pain to use.Cleaning issues . Do n't get this thing dirty , its got more nooks and crannies than an English Muffin and is harder to clean than any ball mouse I ever owned.Poor build quality . Nuf said.Poor Reliability . It might last you a year or two under hard use and then you 'll have to put it out to pasture.Two stars . Do n't waste your money on it . Buy it only if its a gift for someone you do n't like .
 I bought this mouse to replace a Logitech G500 . I chose it primarily because it was less than half the cost and I 'm tired of shelling out 80-160 dollars a year for new gaming mice when I wear through them.Though I have n't been using this mouse long I have had some issues with it . Firstly , the drivers that came on the disk were non functional in Windows 7 64bit -LRB- the mouse would n't work when computer woke up from sleep , then not after restart -RRB- . It was not a very straightforward search to find any drivers let alone ones that worked . What worked for me was updating the utility that comes on the disk then updating the drivers via that utility . When installing , this software wants you to restart after uninstalling the mouse , this can cause issues when you restart without a driver and windows tries to recognize it automatically - so be prepared with a 2nd mouse or easy start-menu access . I could not find any up to date or useful information on microsoft 's site nor on razer 's . It appears neither company wants to take responsibility for this thing.Secondly , it does n't fit my hand correctly and is causing some serious tendon pain.I will probably cough up the money for a new logitech and keep this one around in case of emergency mouse breakage.Some pros : - the discounted price is very good -LRB- got it for $ 33 -RRB- - interchangeable thumb button panel is a nice idea though it has n't helped my ergonomic issue . - the programing utility is nice . It is fairly clear how to program the buttons to your liking and includes an easy to implement macro option as well as profile switching on the fly . ____ update
 I wanted to like this mouse . In the past I have never had problems with MS mice.The first Habu I got for Christmas and having been warned I went directly to the website to get the latest drivers for it . Driver install was no problem . However , the wheel button would depress down and not return . After a few weeks of trying to get it to loosen up I returned it and got a new one . The new Habu 's wheel button worked but the buttons to adjust the dpi were sticky - I could increase the dpi but not decrease it . Also the second mouse is not detectible by the mouse configuration software although the driver for the mouse seems to work . The jittery-ness and lack of control while gaming with the Habu is disapointing . I understand that the laser mice really are poorer at tracking than the earlier `` light '' mice . I did n't believe it before but the proof for me is in the poor game performance - no matter the dpi.The swappable plate to configure thumb buttons is cool but you can quickly learn to use either configuration so I is n't that useful . Sorry ca n't recomment this mouse to anyone . -LRB- added 11/30/07 -RRB- - after every attempt to hack the registry and updating software and drivers this is still a mouse that feels good in the hand but is horribly inaccurate . Just do n't buy this mouse .
 Was n't what I expected ... Within a week I just gave it to my friend . Now I come over his house , he leave it off to the side too . I brought a Death Adder after I gave the Habu away ... love my DA !
 My mouse had always been logitech , now I bough this for a change and I am very disappointed.First the software have a lot of problems detecting the mouse etc , when I turn off the computer and I turn it on again , I have to unplug it and plug it again , if not , I cant use the mouse.So stay with logitech , I have this mouse since 5 days and I want a g5 already .
 I concur with the reviewer who wrote the `` Microsoft Magic '' review . Right out of the box you are presented with two different install approaches . Install drivers first ... do n't install drivers first . Damned if you do , damned if you do n't . Then lets move onto the frustrating task of flashing the firmware . After that , installing the updated drivers that appear to be the same old drivers . Then the Razor configurator program that will never appear . Ever . After 2 days I gave up and dragged out my old reliable laser mouse . Logitech , here I come .
 DO NOT BUY A RAZER - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Within a year of use , I had my first one fail . It would periodically disconnect from being seen by the computer and then reconnect but respond choppily.I purchased a second one because the first was just outside of warrantee range . Within a year it was doing the same as the first but when I went to send it to Razer , I read that their warrantee is only good if you have the original packaging it came in and the receipt.Back when I bought these they were 70 to 80 bucks each . All wasted.If you want a good mouse , go with something like a DeathAdder -LRB- pure Razer , no MicroSoft involvement -RRB- or a Cyborg RAT 7 and keep your original packaging and receipt !
 After receiving the mouse I found that it was very wide in my hand . Also , I could n't get the Vista drivers for supporting it for 64bit OS . I found the click buttons to be very stiff when dpressing them -LRB- not very precise -RRB- . Final thoughts
 As I walked out of the store with the Habu , I joked with a friend of mine -LRB- who works for Microsoft -RRB- , that , knowing Microsoft , they have taken a decent mouse and applied their Microsoft magic to it to make it crash.I laugh now at my woeful naivete . Oh , it got Microsofted all right.Consider . You open your box . Inside there is a staid instruction manual , and an even staider troubleshooting insert , which says things like `` Make sure you plug in your mouse , if it needs to be plugged in '' and `` Make sure you put batteries into your mouse , if it needs batteries '' , and et cetera , which tells you right off the bat they did n't really customize it for the product , since the Habu neither has an AC adaptor nor need of a battery or plurals thereof . BUT , as you shake the box to make all the last components fall out , a bright green inserts falls into your lap warning you quite explicitly that you need to install the drivers on the CD before you attach the mouse . Covering the USB plug on the mouse is a label softly glued to the connector , warning you with the same warning , making sure that the ignorant mouse-attacher can not possibly miss the important fact that the drivers must be installed before the mouse is attached.Now , see , that 's funny because if you do , in fact , install the drivers first , the Habu will never work on that computer . Ever . It will only detect as a normal USB mouse , and you can not make use of the sundry utilities to , for example , change the sensitivity of the mouse , or the sampling rate , or option any of the other options . The Habu software will indeed load , dangling these tantalizing features before your eyes , but it steadfastly refuses to acknowledge you do , actually , have a Habu connected . In fact , as I found out online , the only way to make sure that your system does not become , to coin a phrase , `` Habu-proof '' , you must install the drivers only after the mouse is already attached . Once the drivers are on your system , no amount of effort short of a line by line audit of the registry will allow your Habu to work as anything other than a plain USB mouse . You can choose to add/remove the drivers , you can try the updated software on the website , you can try updating firmware , et cetera and et cetera -- it will not work . The only method some person online found that worked is this
 I have owned this mouse for about 6 months now and have played plenty of games on it . Overall the construction is great except the feet have started to come off on the edges -LRB- and yes I DO use an adequately sized mouse pad -RRB- . There is no sidescrolling on the wheel which is another minus for me . My main problem is that the mouse has recently developed a double-clicking issue where I click only once yet the mouse outputs two clicks . Needless to say this is extremely annoying and intolerable on any mouse . Yes I do play a lot of games where clicking is required but my Logitech G5 has lasted around 2 years now and is still going strong.In my experience Microsoft mice always junk out after a couple months ... My advice is to get a Logitech instead .
 1st 2 weeks it worked great , excellent weight balance , sumer smooth , all you can ask for . After that it started to randomly turn on and off . I havent found a way to fix it yet , i have another mouse connected that im using and i just see Habu turn on and off all day . It seems like the issue when you reset and you have to unplug and plug again but this issue is different , and of course if you go to microsoft they direct link you to razer and in razer the only support is the firmware/driver update that i already did and did n't work at all . I tried a few forums , and emailing razer support 1 month ago , and still no answer .
 Our company purchased 5 of these mice last year . The new mice worked great , and had everything that I -LRB- as a moderate gamer -RRB- would want
 I bought this mouse as a replacement for my Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer which I 've had for almost 8 years now . It finally developed a short in the cord and cuts out occasionally . Other then that it still works perfectly . Imagine my disappointment when right out of the box I noticed that the bottom button bellow the mouse wheel on the Habu stuck in the down position the very first time it was depressed . Definitely not the quality I was expecting.I decided to go ahead and try to install it anyway . I was really curious to see if it was as tough as everyone is saying . IT IS !!! I consider myself pretty good with computers . I have built several of them . This was by far the toughest install I 've dealt with . Even with following some instructions I found on the internet step by step , it still failed to recognize the mouse and upgrade the firmware . I finally had success -LRB- quite by accident -RRB- after uninstalling the Habu software , installing the software update from razer and then flashing the firmware . Basically follow the instructions in Adams review and you should be fine . I wish I had read them before wasting 3 hours of my life.So now it works . How good is it ? The mouse itself is very comfortable . I like the interchangeable side buttons . I opted for the buttons further to the rear . The scroll wheel and left and right buttons all work fine and have a nice feel to them . The major complaint I have is with the two buttons below the wheel . The bottom one sticks and even the top button has a `` cheap '' feeling click to it . The tracking for the cursor is very smooth and precise.Now on to the software . The UI is ugly and tacky but is fairly straight forward and easy to figure out . The biggest disappointment here is with the standard options for the buttons . There are no options for forward , back , close or minimize . All of these were available on my 8 year old mouse . I ended up having to make and assign macros to each button to get everything to work the way I wanted . The macros function itself was a bit buggy . Sometimes they would work and sometimes not . After redoing them several times it seems to have `` taken '' and is working OK . It 's just allot of hassle to go through to get to what I feel should be a standard option.Amazon is sending me a replacement . I will see if the sticky button was just a fluke.Pros : Nice LookingComfortableExcellent tracking and precisionCons : Extremely difficult installSticky button `` cheap '' feelLack standard options for button assignmentsExpensiveLack of tech support
 I bought a wired mouse because I wanted it to just work . Now two years later the cord is failing . It cuts in and out , and wiggling it affects it . What a waste of money . Not what I expected in a high end gaming mouse . The only reason it gets two stars is because it looks cool , is comfortable , and worked well for over a year .
 Rosters are n't that great , and it is impossible to hit homeruns with guys that normally hit around 10-15 in real life . It 's completely bogus , go for mvp baseball . Barry Bonds is also not in mine , and A-rod is still a Ranger .
 This game was horrible . The MLB series just suck so amazingly its not even funny . This game was soooo stupid . The batting was horrible . It did n't have the pure swing system . The pitching was even worse , I put the cursor in one place it ends up not even close to where I put it . The fielding is unrealistic . Half the plays I did n't make in MLB ' 05 , I could 've made in MVP ' 04 . The commentators bore the crap out of me espcially that Scully dude . If you quit a game in the middle , you ca n't simulate the rest of it . Barry Bonds is n't in the game . The graphics suck , as in the player faces suck . I 'd say the best lookin ' thing in the game is the uniforms . That 's it . Overall , this game sux . I truly reccomend MVP Baseball 2004 over this .
 Why do n't these companies give the game to even one fan before they release the game ? The manual for this game is non existant so you have to guess how to play . Apparently there are `` fantasy '' players like Babe Ruth , I have no idea how to unlock them . Ok , 5 man pitching roster sucks . You have to warm up your bullpen but it takes a whole inning and you ca n't stall like in real life . You ca n't put in new players . Players have retired or are on the DL , tough , you have to use them anyway so your team will look nothing like the actual team . You have to have auto baserunning on otherwise you will never get home . I took off auto fielding and my grandmother could turn a better double play ball . The ball is hit to the first baseman and I push over to have him touch the base , instead he throws home , everyone safe . It is impossible to tell what is a ball and what is a strike so you have to swing at everything . The average team gets about 20 hits per game . After every inning the announcer recaps the inning which gets annoying , as are their commentary . I ca n't get a hit for 7 innings and then I score 14 runs at once .
 THis is one of the worst MLB games i Have ever played . THe graphics are ok but the gameplay stinks . Every time you hit the ball in the air it looks like it bounced first . it is very hard to hit the ball . The only good thing about the game is in franchise mode you actually control everything in the stadium . you decide how many shops and vendors there are , what transportation the team uses and so on . If they combined this feature with MVP baseball it would be the best game ever invented . My advice do not rent this game . And definetly do not buy this game . it is a waiste of money to buy and a waste of a rentel fee . Go with MVP or wait until Allstar baseball comes out . Even high heat will be better than this game .
 This game is just ok . Nothing to write home to mom about . Game play itself is pretty good . But the graphics are what makes me give it two stars . But it will get me through until next week when All Star Baseball 2005 comes out .
 Unfortunately , this game is critically flawed . Basic baseball things ca n't be done . No check swings or wild pitches . I had a game in 1992 call Hardball II that could do these things . And it was on a single floppy . Ca n't tag a runner on a base line . If you want to switch positions of players while in the game ... something that is done often in the real MLB to accomadate a change , is not possible . These are basic baseball realities that any descent game should have.No Barry Bonds !!!!! C'mon ! Weather you like the guy or not , he is the MOST important player of our time . It is misleading to sell a game and call it MLB and not have its premeir player . That 's wrong.The only neat feature is the career mode but even that could use some work.The eye toy is a silly gimmick that does n't really add to the game . They should test these games before they release them .
 There once was a boy who just saved up enough money to buy one video game for his PS2 that he recently received for his birthday . This boy was a baseball fanatic , so he decided to buy MLB 2005 based on these reviews and other sources . The boy rushed to his PS2 and popped in the game as soon as he got home from the store . His smiling face quickly diminished to a frown . `` I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS CRAP !! '' the boy exclaimed . This is a true story . The boy was me . Do n't let this story repeat itself.There are pros and cons to MLB2005.Pros : okay gameplayokay soundtrack -LRB- this is sad that it makes the list -RRB- okay graphicsCons
 This product is too big . I mean u dont see a kid walking around with a case like this . The reason i didnt give it 1 star is because its sturdy and when you drop it , the psp is still not damaged . This case would be great if u just store it at home , but i wouldnt recommend it if your looking for a case to store it in when your traveling .
 Idea was good . Execution failed . You need to provide your own transformer -LRB- cord to plug in -RRB- . I have n't been able to find one to fit , not to mention the additional cost . The instructions do not even tell you what kind of transformer is needed .
 The name of this product is misleading . The whole thing is defective . It only works if the battery is plugged into the wall . That is the only way to power it up and to power the Gameboy Advance on . Once you remove the plug the Gameboy Advance will constantly shut down . Do not buy this .
 The problem with this item is that it takes up so much space and holds very little . It seems like I 'm constantly struggling with powercords and games . The dividers are just arranged poorly . What I found works a lot better is just putting the power cord in my backpack and the PSP in a small generic case I got for $ 7 . All of the accessories are useless , except the UMD cases . I do n't need a lot of storage because at most I 'm only playing one or two games at any given time .
 The psp pro gamers kit was all right but it is missing a peace it is missing the umd carrying case if you people would send me the umd case it would nice because i paid for the howle thing so i want ever pieace thank you .
 This kit is a great value for all the items you get inside . However , its difficult for children to return the cords to their proper place which makes it very difficult to close . Not really user friendly . I had problems too . Your better off with a small back pack or something .
 Honesly , this whole kit is not worth it . I can buy the fact that some people want good things like this , but seriously , evyerthing you get here is just cheaply made , and the case is also really stupid . The case dose n't really have many compartments for alot of things , especially if you are wanting to use your own stuff . What really bugs me is the products they gave usUMD case-the thing only fits 3 games , and if you are planning to go on a long trick , you certainly wo n't entertain yourself with only 3 discs . Got to have a variety , and it wo n't be any fun to just be playing 3 games either . The case itself blows as well.neck strap-this makes the PSP really awkard around your neck , unless you want to be a poser rapper -LRB- if you do that , I will laugh AT you -RRB- . worthless.headphones-good god , these are the worst headphones ever . THey do n't go loud , and you 'll drain the battery because the input of the sound levels drain the battery , but the output will bog down the sound that was already produced . The gimmicky slider in the middle is the only good thing , but i 'll take exellect sound over some stupid slider anyday , the screen protector-the exact same thing that came in the starter kit , it leaves a stick resedue . Simple unnacceptable.the car charger-the only thing worth a _____ , but it 's a poor , cheap plastic thing , there are better car chargers out there.the cloth-the only good thing in this waste of plastic , but the PSP cloth is better , and you can find above average cloths packed in with decent sceen protectors for a better value.And honestly , the case ai n't worth it either . it sounds like a good idea , but it 's the complete opposite . Save your money , there are better products for a better value out there .
 Ear buds -- quality is not goodSafe Screen for protecting the display -- misleading title , a small piece of plastic sticker.Case for game discs -- -LRB- reads discs -RRB- , but can hold only one discTough aluminum case -- really big and not convenientJust waste of moneyI did n't like it and returned . Ended up paying two shipping charges and restocking fees .
 This case is not on par with what you want to protect . The PSP will not fit in its section unless to take it out of the neoprene case . If you do that , the PSP does not fit securely . The lining was peeling off of the inside when I first took it out of the box . I am going to use a camera case until someone comes up with a case that is made with a quality comparable to the unit I am protecting .
 Have not been able to get the program to load properly . Get an error message 1606 and have not been able to correct . Just wasted my money .
 I bought this product because I have liked all the nascar games , but this would be the first nascar game that i have purchased for the playstation 2 . all my other games were for the xbox . well i realy liked the graphics and choice of the car of tommorow , but the ps2 controler for the game sucks . I gues i will have to purchase a game wheel and try it out , but to everyone who is thinking about purchasing this for the ps2 and using the regular controler , purchase a wheel first . see on my xbox controler you have rt triger finger controlls the gas and you can press down on it half way and get half throtle , on the ps2 its either throtle or nothing .
 The plot is very thinly developed . It plays out as if someone stole a copy of the first stage of brainstorming for a Final Fantasy game -- i.e. very weak and underdeveloped . It might have had some merit if the developers had simply scratched below the surface of the storyline and given it some depth . Although it does feature some hidden optional characters , the time between save points can be frustrating .
 I own this game , and it is not worth the time and effort . the story leaves a lot to be desired . there were better games for the genesis , super nintendo than this game . After playing it for 30 minutes , i packed it up and walked away . you will be truly dissappointed by this
 In the 2008 installment , EA blew it . For PS3 there is no 2 player mode . Certainly the racing is semi realistict , but w/o 2 player , how can you have fun with your friends . Honestly , I returned my to FYE and convinced them to sell me the PS2 make so I can at least do 2 Player with my friend . EA needs to get back to basics like that of Nascar 04 .
 I follow NASCAR and look forward to the release of the NASCAR game every year . In previous years I have enjoyed the career mode where you start in the Whelan series and work your way up to the Nextel series . I thought with the PS3 version , there would be lots of extras and career modes . However , the career options are very limited and have not held my attention . Also , in trying to allow you to set up the cars for racing , they have made it impossible to control the cars even in easy modes . It is impossible to get through a race without causing a yellow flag -LRB- the yellow flag is thrown so quick , sometimes you do n't even see the wreck -RRB- . I think this game will be a trade-in at Gamestop for Dirt which has a great demo on the PS3 .
 I purchased this game and I have to admit that the graphics are pretty amazing . The worst part of this game is the lack of split screen racing . In previous versions , you can race in split screen mode which is the fun part of being with friends . The PS2 and XBOX 360 versions are 1-2 players locally , so why not the PS3 version?Bad move in my opinion by EA . For this reason , unless you just want to have some fun without being able to race friends sitting next to you and talking trash , I would not bother buying this game .
 to hard for the average gamer , boring if you do n't even like NASCAR , could 've made it easier , no multiplayer if not online
 A -LRB- PS3 -RRB- VIDEO GAME SHOULD BE DESIGNED AS/FOR `` FUN '' ENTERTAINMENT . PS3 , EA 'S `` NASCAR 08 '' IS `` FRUSTRATING '' ENTERTAINMENT.I REALLY ENJOYED THE `` PS2 '' VERSIONS OF `` NASCAR '' , AND THOUGHT THIS PS3 `` 08 NASCAR '' WOULD BE EVEN BETTER , NOT SO , `` DISAPPOINTED '' ! FOR EXAMPLE , TO MANY THINGS TO DO JUST TO GET TO THE STARTING LINE IN `` CHASE '' MODE , NOT `` FUN '' !!
 Graphics are good and i liked the game . But now many new games have come with much better graphice and better sound quality !
 I agree with many of the other negative reviews and wo n't bore you with repeating them . The main reason I 'm going to resell this game is that it 's 1 player unless you are playing online ! Absolutely no use for a game configured this way .
 The graphics look like a crappy PS2 game , the gameplay is just plain boring , no two player . . none of this suprises me because Nascar as a sport sucks anyways , people only watch it to see the drivers crash . . but unfortunately , even the crashes in this game suck . . if you want to pick up a good racing game , get Dirt , or if your willing to wait , Gran Turismo HD , EA games these days are n't cutting it .
 I couldnt wait to play 08 after having suffered through 07 version . Unfortunately , very very little has changed this year . Every thing from the in car audio from the pit crew to the graphics are exactly the same as last year . Its a huge dissapointment . Even the victory lane driver celebration is the EXACT same as last year . You can chose your own driver based on last year 's choices . I wish I could return it . I still say the 06 game was better .
 this game is fun on superspeedways but the rest stink.for one thing the new career mode is lkame the old fight to the top career mode was way better ! also the breaking help even on high barely works . but it is fun to to turn of traction control and ABS and spin at daytona . another problem is there is no make and model on trucks or COTS . do not buy this game and get 09 because it has the old career mode where u start in truck and wsork your way up to cup.let me imply again the 08 career mode is reely bad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EA all ur sports games r good accept 4 this one !!!! very bad game
 The player reviews for this game have been some a great game , but mostly terrible . Why is that ? Unless you are a Hardcore nascar fanatic you will be sorry you wasted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on this game . 1st the car handling is one of the worst I have played , unless your have the steady hands of brain surgeon this game is next to impossible to controll and no matter how you set the sensitivy of your controller , it will make no difference . As some have said it handles like a 500 lb balerina . As you spin out , and that is less then 1 lap the yellow flag comes out and you are watching the cars drive in circles at 20 mph . You can put the accelerator to the floor and the cars just drive right past you . There are wrecks but they stop 3 seconds into it , the instant replay it a masterpiece of not being intutive . The graphics are medicore . I could go on and on . If you do n't want to waste your hard earned cash , try the demo or rent it . For me I would burn money before I would give it to EA again . EA just needs to stick with ruining football and NBA.For all the Nascar fans out there who have been waiting for a next gen game , EA has disappointed again .
 I dont know how good this game is with the steering wheel , but with the controller it is a mess . I had to de-tune the handling of the car so that I could actually hold a line and drive in traffic . Maybe I have a bad case of parkinsons , but you have to basically press left-left-left-left-left-left ... to make it through the turn . This is extremely difficult when you are 3 wide and you stand a good chance of bouncing off other cars . I have Forza , and I 'm able to drive the tracks -LRB- even the high speed oval -RRB- by just holding the analog stick slightly left . Like I said , maybe it is different with the steering wheel , but I 'm cutting my losses at $ 59.99 . Additionally , the online play is horribly flawed . I dont even want to get into it , but suffice to say people were driving backwards on the track and finishing in first . Additional problems exist during season mode with random black flags for passing under the yellow when in first and 6 seconds ahead of the closest car . Yeah , and the spotter should be fired ; why include something in a game if it is n't going to function properly?This game is a mess , and a major disappointment . Grpahics are on par with what I expected .
 there 's no just race mode so you always have to mess around to get into a game . the game itself is very hard as you must constantly follow someone to pick up speed .
 Unless you are a die-hard NASCAR fan that wants a very complicated simulation game , this is not for you . The handling is awful . You have to go into deep detail into the car setup for each track to even have a chance to make it around a single lap , much less win.If you understand the complete mechanics of NASCAR cars , and know what inputs to apply , this game would be fun . EA Sports should have set the easy and normal game play levels as they have in previous games and set this game 's Hard level to what its current Easy level is . That would have taken care of both the hardcore gamers and the normal gamers.Seeing how there is no multiplayer and steering is non-existant , I strongly recommend you rent this game before you buy it . I love the whole NASCAR game series and have played them all , but I must admit I am very disappointed with the 08 version . Unless you are an expert -LRB- which the majority of people that play these games are n't -RRB- you 'll become too frustrated to continue playing after about 10 minutes .
 I give this 2 stars , because I love Nascar , but this game is not good . First of all , the Chase mode . You have to spend all your time doing these mundane task before becoming a car owner . It is long and tedious . Then when you get all these cars , the chase isnt worth it . The cars are impossible to drive , so you become reckless , and then you get black flagged , meaning you finish 43rd . THIS IS NOT FUN . You are driving a car with no sponsor , I feel like a loser like Robbie Gordon . The fun of past games is you were a driver and you earned moving up , by going through the ranks of smaller race circuits . Then based on your ability , you got any number of sponsors and were hired by an owner . That was fun . You also had the feud/friendship with the other drivers . People to avoid on the track and and people to work with . Where did all this go ? What they have given us now is either extremely hard on Chase mode . Or extremely easy on Season Mode . I ditched the Chase mode , because I was afraid I might harm myself , so I started a season with Tony Stewart . I lap every car in the field , every race . What fun is that ? EA needs to go back to the drawing board and back to its roots .
 It is hard for me to believe that a racing game does not have multiplayer use . The only way for you to race against a friend is to both of you to sign up for XBOX LIVE and tell him your friend to go home to their Xbox and sign on to race each other.It is sad that microsoft has resorted to this to get people to sign up for XBOX LIVE . Would not buy unless you like racing against the computer all the time .
 The Good
 Was very excited to finally see this game coming out . Was very disappointed to finally play it . I am not a long time gamer but have played for a while and I found the car almost impossible to handle . Nothing I did seemed to help . Stopped after an hour frustrated . Has anyone found a fix or a tip yet ? It 's only been available for 2 days to the public so I know it may to too soon to ask but ... ??
 I have several of the NASCAR X Box games , and I got a new XBOX360 just to play this game , with the COT and the new drivers/lineup . This is NOTHING like the 02-07 NASCAR games , it 's completely different . NO 2 player , NO team control , NO shared draft , NO intimidator . Not many drivers available in Truck or Busch/National series , lots of drivers missing in Cup -LRB- Carl Edwards ? -RRB- , and the cars do n't look very realistic . The COT versions all have the same headlights/grille , just different paint/graphics . All the COTs have a huge BLANK spot on the rear bumper ... I guess it 's too hard for EA to add the proper `` DODGE '' and `` FORD '' to the rear bumper of the COT ? There on the old car . . ? The old cars look like their rear counterparts , the COTs look nothing like the real COTs ... ? The trucks all look the same , regardless of manufacturer ... ? Not much for alternate paint schemes , very few . These cars are HARD to drive , driving assists do n't do much , help VERY little . No 2 player option makes it hard to enjoy . Rules are very strict ... just a little contact -LRB- due to the difficult handling -RRB- and you get black flagged and put to the back ! If you spin out , you 're automatically put to the back -LRB- rough driving -RRB- ... ? I 've adjusted the car all the way to the `` Tight '' side and still had it act loose ... ? I 'm starting to wish that I had waited for the 09 game , now ... maybe I 'll just play the 07 game for another year ...
 What a great game . I have been an NG fan since the beginning . I could n't wait for Sigma to come out . To my disappointment , Tecmo created a great game but ruined it with the worst camera view I have ever experienced . I am getting ambushed by three dragons coming at me from the front and the camera `` intelligently '' decides the object I need to focus on is the wall behind me . Nothing will tick you off more than dying because you could n't see what was right in front of you . Maybe for the next NG game , Tecmo could make it more challenging by blacking the screen totally out every time you encounter bad guys .
 I 'll admit I 'm not a serious gamer , but I 'm not useless with a controller . I normally play a game on the normal setting and hard once Ive already beat it . This game though , Damn . There are no other diffuculty settings other than `` Youre F * ed '' . I have always wanted to play this game since I saw it on the Xbox , but since I have only had Playstations , I never got a chance until now . I was so excited when the game came it . I put it in and started playing it . Well right away I had a ninja running at me slashing me to bits . So I had to pause the game and read the manual to find out which buttons are what . So I start playing again with my new found knowledge of controls and work my way through the level , all the while getting my butt handed to me . After several deaths , I finally made it to the boss , who then proceeds to slaughter me . Now I will admit that I have little patience for this kind of stuff , but a 10 minute first boss fight is rediculous . After the first 3 hours of frustrating playing and never getting past the first boss , I took out the disk and threw it like a ninja star right into the wall . Which then pissed me off more because I had just wasted 50 bucks on a game . Im sure this game wouldve been much more fun , if it had not been so stupidly hard and I had a little more patience . All in all Id say `` rent before you buy ''
 Maybe its because I 'm not 16 but I think this game is just too hard . I started on normal , as I do most games , and Barely got to the 3rd stage . I can appreciate developing skill to beat a game but this is crazy . I stopped playing because I got tired of dying . Give me God of War anyday of the week . At least they give you a chance to learn before they throw a thousand guys at you at once .
 this game is very fun . however i give it a one star over all because of the way it was marketed . i own and love ninja gaiden black . i bought this game because i kept hearing about all the `` added content '' and `` improved graphics '' . the added content is quite lame . this game actually has less to unlock than the `` black '' version , besides a few added cut scenes and a couple of addition boss battles that do nothing to enhance the story -LRB- they only provided me with irritation -RRB- this version has very little to offer . in the way of graphics . i was very disappointed . its debatable that the graphics are improved at all over `` black '' . thats not good for a next gen system . the cut scenes which i love actually were worse because they took out the pretty cgi and used in game graphics . the difference wasnt that apparent but when you look close there were many more jagged lines where before they were smooth.i will say that if you own a ps3 and have not played ninja gaiden black then deffinately pick this up . its very fun .
 Be aware that , although the graphical enhancements are great , several of the game 's cinematic sequences -LRB- including Alma 's first appearance -RRB- have been altered and cut , possibly for rating issues . Also , one of the most attractive rewards upon finishing the game -LRB- the movie theater -RRB- has been deleted completely , making Ninja Gaiden Sigma an overall inferior game when compared to Ninja Gaiden Black for the XBOX . Get the latter if given the choice .
 I hate the fact that they do n't let you select a difficulty setting . The first boss ... first one mind you ... was really difficult to defeat . This game sucks
 On the back of the box to Sigma it reads `` The real reason you bought a PS3 `` I think not ... Let 's start off with the beginning scene , where a ninja jumps out and comes at another ninja , both of them look basically the same ; and your ninja needs to defend himself and kill the other ninja . How you ask ? Who the hell knows the game starts off without telling you much.The game play is pathetic ; controls are iffy , ` combos ' are weird to execute.Graphics wise , the game is n't half bad , but if you look at the biceps of the first boss , you think you 're playing on the PSX or something.Enemy AI ... what 's that ? Cause I do n't think it was incorporated at all . The enemies just mindlessly swing at you really , all of which are easily dispatched.Overall in my opinion this game stinks ... if you 're an old fan , then I guess you 'll like it , I 'll stick to old school Ninja Gaiden myself . .
 My kids , daughter 8 & son 5 , both Power Ranger & video game fanatics , did not like the PR Time Force game ! They have the PR Light Speed Rescue , which is the first play station PR game , which they loved . They were able to fight as a team , two players against the villains . This one does not allow you to play together but against each other . Two players can fight each other as Zords , they say that 's boring ! They liked it for maybe 5 minutes , that 's it . The whole idea is to fight bad guys right ? It 's even better having another PR to help . They 'll play it alone but very seldom . They game itself , I thought it was pretty good , challenging and it had good graphics . But again , I think they should have included a two player game fighting against the bad guys instead of just a single player game
 Even though this game has 2 different modes they both use the same 5 -LRB- ? -RRB- games . Plus the cutscenes in between hardly make sense and Mr.Krabs does n't even sound right . This game seems like fun after you play some of the games but then the games ends and that 's it . I do n't reccomend this game .
 I should have known when there was no age rating given on the box that this game would n't exactly have a committment to quality . I 'll ignore the big pixel graphics , which are not even on par with a typical child 's game , and the fact that the voice of SpongeBob sounds nothing like it does on TV , and focus on the gameplay , which is stunningly unimpressive . I bought this game for my six-year-old son from somewhere other than Amazon , and paid a ridiculous price for it . In return , here is what I got
 I played this at my friends house and she is 8 years old . She loves it and said it was the best game ! So she begs me to play it . First of all there is n't really a challenge put to this game . Its really just a bunch of mini games that have no meaning to it . Although I did n't give it 1 star because There are 2 `` mini '' games that I adore ! The boating school one and the who cut the cheese . But the rest are BORING ! There really is n't a selection of `` mini '' games to choose from . It could just be that my friend was a hog and woulde n't give her guest a turn . But from what I saw and the little I played it was boring . I do have Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom on my Playstation 2 and that is what I call a fun game ! Get Battle for Bikini Bottom its way cooler !
 I am 10 years old and my little bro . is 3 . We are big fans of spongebob . I was the first one to play it , and it gets boring VERY fast.You have to play every game 3 times , and sometimes a bonus level before advancing . You have to beat 1 game before you can play others , and the voices of the characters sound nothing like they do on TV . You can beat the entire game in less than 1 hour.Boring for older kids , more fun for younger kids .
 Seeing pictures of this Spongebob game attracted me into buying it for 15 bucks , while at the same time , wasting those same 15 bucks . It 's called `` False Advertising '' . The actual gameplay became boring after a while , as the games were very repitous . Three rounds of the same thing
 First of all , I 'd like to say that I am 16 years old and love spongebob . I was n't expecting too much from this game since it was made by nickelodeon and most of their stuff is -LSB- bad -RSB- that 's thrown together in an hour tops.Even with my expectations set low , I was disappointed . It did n't take me very long at all to beat the entire game . . it is way too short . The games are monotonous and you must beat one to get the next . There are three levels in every game , and the last one takes a good 5 tries to beat sometimes , which is frustrating.This game may be ok for an 8-11 year old but not much younger because you have to have a decent attention span to keep interest long enough to beat the levels , although I 'm sure there are cheat codes somewhere on the internet to unlock all of the games at once.The graphics were pretty bad -- the characters did n't look right and the pixels were big , meaning the graphics were n't very sharp . The voices did n't sound anywhere near close to what the characters really sound like either.The reason why I gave it two stars instead of one is because of course I love spongebob and some of the games were cute and entertaining for a bit . Plus , like I said earlier , it would be much better for younger kids ... depending on what their attention span is like.It was only about an hours worth of mild entertainment and definately not worth -LSB- the money -RSB- .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . It is ridiculous to expect a child to be able to play this game by using keyboard commands . My daughter is 8-years-old and very computer capable . She found this game completely frustrating . I usually take my lumps in life , but this game was such a complete waste of money that I am writing to THQ , Nickelodeon , and the corporate offices of ... -LRB- the store where my daughter bought this software with gift money -RRB- with the hope that someone out there will refund her money .
 This game is way too frustrating for any age group . I played it with my 6-year old nephew and 10-year-old niece , and none of us can use the keyboard well enough to succeed.The game works like a Super Mario Brothers arcade of ladders and roadblocks . The problem is that the keyboard commands do not respond well and a mouse is not supported . If you do n't hit the spacebar-cursor key combination just right , you fall when trying to jump , and each time you fall , you must redo a very long sequence of moves to get back to where you left off . This becomes boring and extremely frustrating -- leaving the 6-year-old near tears , the 10-year-old banging keys , and me wondering how this game ever made it past the testing stage.THQ , the manufacturer , makes a lot of games for all the popular video game machines . Perhaps with a video game controller , this game can play well , but it does not translate to a computer keyboard .
 I have a brother , an autistic but smart one , and he loves rugrats and liked the `` all growed up '' tv special , so we thought this 'll be good for him , because he loves kids ' computer games , and it looked so easy on the commercial , so we decided to give it a try.It was extremely hard , and it took him a long time to memorise which key did what , and how to jump without dying . This really upset him , and I think I should give him Jumpstart games from now on .
 This game suffers from many issues including
 This is just a plastic stand for your wii remote and nunchuck . You have to take the rechargeable batteries out of the remote and place them in the recharge station in the back of one of the units . That 's no improvement from the charger we were using before . Plus , the battery charger we currently have charges batteries faster than this thing . Wish I had n't wasted the money for this plastic remote holder .
 When I received this product it was missing one of the support arms that hold the controllers . I contacted ArmoryTech several times attempting to get the missing piece . They never even bothered to respond .
 I bought this in hopes of helping a 7 yr old improve his spelling and reading.Although the title includes the year 2006 , I 've seen better-looking software published in 1996 . I was so disappointed , especially since I had passed over similar titles costing $ 19.95 because I thought $ 39.95 would buy more content and better quality.Still , after getting over my initial surprise , I thought that I should at least give it a good try . Then I discovered another shocker ; although the box says Grades 1-5 / Ages 6 + , the reading and spelling software is for ages 9-12 ! It says so when you load it.Still , I ventured further . I looked at all the reading lessons , activities , and games ... I say ALL , when in fact there is only one thing on the program . One lousy game that I could n't even figure out how to play . There are no `` lessons '' or `` activities '' , just this one awful game.So ... I gave up and looked at the spelling program . So pitifully poor ! I do n't recommend this software title to anyone for any reason.Admittedly , I have n't loaded the other CD 's -LRB- foreign languages , math , science , etc -RRB- . And I do n't think I will . I can think of better ways to waste hard drive space.I am so disappointed ! And terribly discouraged . I do n't think I will be buying anymore learning software . This was my first , and it has put me off the idea altogether .
 This product will NOT work if you have Windows XP . First of all , you would have to give your child administrator rights to change your computer settings to use this product . Bad idea.Second , we ca n't even install the software even after approving the administrative rights . We get constant error messaages . The technical support site for this software is designed so that you can not even submit your request unless you jump through about a million hoops.Save your money and the hassles that you will have trying to make this work on your computer .
 This software is bundled with five cd 's offering lessons in earth science , typing , reading and spelling , social studies and writing , critical thinking , basic math , foreign languages , and fractions . The installation of these programs is unacceptable . Some of the programs will not load on XP . Some of the programs are run from the CD 's . As for the actual software , some are 1996 , 1997 , 2000 written programs with limited offerings . Some of these programs contain old code written for Windows 95 , 98 . Some of the programs will not load the complete software on the hard drive . So you are stuck having to change cd 's when changing programs . I would love to see who evaluated this program for the Parents Choice Foundation . My children were not happy with the software offered . I will be returning it tomorrow .
 I am in the same boat with the other reviewer other than I can not return this program . I do n't know who voted these the parents choise because they do n't intall properly . The content and graphic take me back to the early 90 's when computers where getting big . Jump-Start and Knowlege Adventure programs are much better and keeping the kids wanting to play . Basicly only my 5 years old will play the spanish game , when it works .
 Unfortunatley I bought this software before I read the reviews , and I absolutely agree with the other reviewers -LRB- elementary and middle school -RRB- that this software is awful , garbage , etc , etc. . If you manage to work through the installation problems you will find the content utterly boring . This software has been returned .
 My best advice is to save your money and do more research on other products . The fancy box is misleading as the software is terribly outdated .
 I wish I would had read the review before I spent the $ 40 on this software ... it does n't load correctly on XP -LRB- een though the box says it 's XP compatible -RRB- and my son found the contant boring ... it ; s going back today ...
 We bought the Elementary Advantage 2007 - can not even load it - we agree w / the above . Amazon should n't even attempt to sell this product .
 If you are thinking about starting -LRB- or adding -RRB- an MMOG subscription , I recommend you look further . Endless Ages is an awkward , messy , ugly trip to Planet Crood , with dated graphics , a horribly awkward interface , very limited basic features , limited character customization possibilities , VERY limited content in terms of items , NPCs , world size/variety and creature variety , almost no graphics options -LRB- you get one
 This will not work as a pistol . The nunchuck buttons are inactive . Unfortunately the nunchuck buttons are the ` trigger ' .
 Even with the recommended specs and updated drivers I can not get this game to install correctly . It keeps crashing my computer and skipping installation disks and then saying the installation is complete . I 'm not sure what the problem is but the game definitely has some technical issues . Avoid .
 I purchased this game through Amazon -LRB- J&R Music World -RRB- . After installing the game , I have horrid problems with the options menu . All of the option changes cause my computer to crash while attempting to change defaults . I have a brand new home built computer with a P4 3.2 GHz CPU , a GA-8KNXP Giga-Byte MB , 2 GB of Crucial RAM and an ATI 256 MB 9800XT Radeon Video Card . The operating system is Windows XP Pro w/SP1 . Konami will not respond to e-mails about their craptacular product . WHAT A JOKE !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The game controls on this are so difficult for PC that it becomes massively frustrating . Also there are so few health packs and ammo that this games sucks horribly .
 I know this game is older than many -LRB- published 5 years ago -RRB- , and I bought it cheap . I am glad I did . I admit reviewing a game that is this old may not be fair , but it should have a bit more staying power.In short , I found the third person camera annoying ... The angles were distracting , and keyboard navigation was variable . How can you fight something when the camera view is from behind your head ?? It is really incomprehensible who would have thought that anything but a quick switch to first person in a fight mode would be the only way to present these scenes . I am new to Silent Hill , but this one makes me not want to try any others . There are newer games than this -- with better graphics and better implementation . If Silent Hill 4 comes around for PC , I would hope that it would be updated with first person perspectives .
 Two computers and three upgrades later , I still have n't gotten this game to play , the video incompatibility is extreme . What looks good on the box is all that looks good . This game is money thrown away .
 It 's really too bad , because I really wanted to actually PLAY this game . I am a _ very _ experienced first-person and third-person gamer , and usually jump right into a new game `` full throttle '' or at the hardest setting -LRB- i.e. HALO , Deus Ex II , for example -RRB- and play it through several times . Not THIS bomb . You 'd think , that game designers would realize that PC-game controls for first - or third - person have pretty well `` been done '' and perfected . Moreover , in REAL pc-based games , the adjustability is so great , that anyone can tweak the interface to match the exact style of play learned over hours of play ... not THIS turkey . VERY limited options . NO sensitivity settings for the mouse . NO axis-orentation adjustment possible -LRB- mouse again -RRB- . You can go strictly keyboard -LRB- aka DOOM I , yes I said `` doom one '' -RRB- but who plays THAT way these days ? Steer/aim with the mouse , move/sidestep with the keyboard ... with THIS stupid , STUPID interface , you sort of slop your point-of-view around -LRB- with the mouse -RRB- in a sloppy , greasy sliding through jello-sort-of-way , and the character may or may not turn to face the way you want . Maybe . Eventually . It 's like controlling a moth on a windy day , and the character tries to avoid actually looking at the moth , and so turns away-but you got NO direct control of the character . Maybe the game is as good as some say , maybe it 's not . Right now , I 'm trying to get a refund , as I 'LL never play it , unless they release a patch that fixes the stupid , STUPID control/interface ... . Y' hear this Konami ? Pay ATTENTION ! The interface HAS BEEN DONE ! No need to re-invent it ! If you are thinking of porting ANOTHER game to the PC world , DO N'T BOTHER , if you ca n't take time to implement a TRUE pc-interface ... game pads are for CONSOLE games -LRB- which do not have keyboards or mice ANYway ! -RRB-
 Ok . Last fall I ordered a brand new computer from DELL specifically for playing PC games . I have played MAFIA , ALLIED ASSAULT , ALONE IN THE DARK , and many other high graphic games . So when I saw SH3 and remembering how everyone raved about the previous SH games , I was pumped to get this game . Here 's the big shock for ya , THE GAME WONT LOAD ! It says I dont have the right graphics card . HOW THE HECK CAN THAT BE ! MY COMPUTER WAS BUILT FOR THIS EXACT REASON ! I COULD UNDERSTAND IF THIS WAS a 486 SVGA , but it 's DELL 'S LATEST AND GREATEST !!!! So I write Konami , but to no avail , I have n't heard back from them . I have even attempted to call these jokers ! Bottom line , SH3 might be a great game ... IF IT COULD INSTALL PROPERLY and if you could get an ounce of FREAKIN CUSTOMER SUPPORT ! Konami wants your money , not you as a client , BIG DIFFERENCE ! Maybe I can sell this on Ebay to someone who has n't read the bad reviews.STAY AWAY ... FAR AWAY ... FROM SILENT HILL 3 !
 Okay well I got this game after buying part 2 and not being able to play it due to the awful graphics . It really would n't work on my new pc . Well first thing I noticed was the graphics were much better . Well then after a cut scene I had to use the move buttons . That 's what the grrr is for , I played for like 5 minutes and the camera angle is awful . The movements are annoying to the point I just said forget it . I am wondering about 4 . I have spent money on part 2 and 3 and have n't liked either one ; I do n't think I am wasting any more money on these games . I do n't know who sat down and said this is a good way to use the cameras in this game . No doubt they were tripping or something . Really I would not suggest buying this unless you 're in a really good mood and want to be put into a bad one . By the way the stupid monsters look so silly . They are not scary unless maybe your 6 well probably not even then . You cant really see any kind of details in them cause their is n't any . The whole blood thing people keep talking about just look like discolored walls . I buy and play a lot of games . Some are really great -LRB- Half life , Deus Ex , Fear -RRB- but this was just awful . I know I said that already . Pouting I want my 14 bucks back .
 The interface on this game is TERRIBLE . I 've been playing first-person shooters since they were invented , and this is one of the worst I 've seen . It 's not possible to walk a straight line ! The character handles like she 's submersed in custard . Even worse , the custard seems to have strange eddies and currents that cause her to walk into walls , fail to turn corners , and sometimes get sucked off into side passages . Why do they feel they have to reinvent controls that have been standard for a decade?There 's no real combat , you just push an `` aim '' button and the game aims for you . This sort of thing might fly on console games where you have to work around those idiotic game controllers , but the PC port should have provided the kind of control standard in games like Doom , Quake , UT , etc. . Having no control of aim is especially frustrating in a room with multiple monsters , it 's very difficult to pick which monster you want to take out first.Even worse , the graphics and story of the game seem good . I claim that 's a bad thing , because it taunts you with the promise of a good solid game but makes navigating through it so completely unenjoyable you 'll give up before you get to see any of the good content.I 'm really glad I only spent $ 20 on this game . If I had spent the $ 40 they originally wanted I would have tried to get my money back . I plan on giving it one more change , then I 'm going to uninstall it and shelve it .
 Ok . I know this is a port . But I 've played ports in the past that DID N'T reinvent the FPS concept . The only real horror story is in this game 's design . The dialog is delivered like everyone is on Quaaludes - and the heroine moves and behaves like she IS on heroin . For a spry 17 year old she slogs around like the pregnant yak mired in a tar pit . Combat ? What combat ? No this is ... `` swing '' -LRB- wait -RRB- `` block '' -LRB- wait -RRB- get ganked -LRB- wait -RRB- shuffle-shuffle GROWL -LRB- die -RRB- . No quich switching of weapons . No quick reload . UGH . I . literally was yelling at the `` MOVE DAMMIT ! '' The immortal words of O-Ren Ishii from Kill Bill comes to mind ; `` stupid Caucasian girl likes to play with samurai swords '' . Only Heather could use some pointers from Uma.This is the first game where I actually began to hate the hero and wished she would just finally die . She was such a pure misery to try to maneuver . She ca n't even walk a straight line half the time . Her response to situations is disconnected and illogical . Her ability to fight is comical at best and frustrating to the point of exasperation at worst . Undoubtedly one of the lamest games I have wasted my money on in a long time.Oh it has its upsides - it looks great . The imagery is top notch and the cinematics are fantastic . But save your cash and download the trailers from the site and you 'll have more enjoyment . I wished -RRB- assuming they were over budget -RRB- - Konami would have cut the disconnected slow paced dialog and use the money to hire a decent writer - and more importantly - a development team that understands the fundamental principals of good gaming FPS UI design . You ca n't customize the control worth Jack . And assuming even if you could - the camera angle obscures what you are fighting 50 % of the time . The other 50 % you are trying to get the wench to even move her butt and swing or -LRB- wow -RRB- block if you timing it just right . Ammo is so scarce you are forced to use a stupid pipe most of the game - and when you finally upgrade that to a sword she so useless with it it 's a misery to play . And the guns ? Laugh . You can hit a critter point plank and her aiming is so whacked and inconsistent . Avoid this game like the plague . If you want horror - save your cash till Doom3 and Half Life 2 come out .
 OK , THIS GAME SUCKS SO MUCH THAT IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND THE RIGHT WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW PISSED OFF I AM.EXPLAINING
 This is essentially the same review that I left for American Conquest Anthology . I installed this game with no problems , but it will not run on my computer . I have a brand new laptop -LRB- Intel Core2Duo 2.2 GZ processor , Nvidia Geforce 8600GT video card , 120GB hard drive , Windows XP Media Center -RRB- . I am playing Doom 3 with no problems , so it must be a problem with this game -LRB- and American Conquest Anthology -RRB- . Is it a concidence that they are both packaged by the same company , in a generic red and clear package ? I do n't know , but I DO know that neither of these games will run on my new laptop . It closes with an . exe error message . Totally ridiculous . I will stay away from no-name companies and non-mainstream games from now on.Overall = TERRIBLE
 I bought 3 different colors of these so my kids could easily identify their Wii remotes . 2 of them ripped while putting them on the remotes for the first time . They do not inhibit playing at all ; however , you must remove half of the cover to put the remote in the charger . Not worth the money at all !!!
 Well the seller sure ships fast . I think I received these the very next day after ordering . The problem is that the color is not what is portrayed in the picture . They are the darkest pink ever and do n't match the WII fitness skin or the straps that I ordered in the pale pretty pink . This is not at all fault of the seller , just the product .
 I guess you get what you pay for , because all this thing is worth is one cent !! Very thin , cheap quality . Hate it ! I will be throwing this away and buying the official Wii covers .
 obviously since this is so cheap I did n't have much expectations for it , but it 's not even worth the few cents it costs , very cheap and very thin
 i purchased the covers thinking i was getting controls . it was very misleading . it needs to be worded a lil better that it is . like covers only . would be nice .
 For some reason , the pink material was thinner and flimsier than the blue , green , or black covers I purchased . It ripped really easily and I never got to use it !
 I was excited about using this controller . It worked directly out of the box after just plugging the reciver into my pc . Thankyou windows 7 ! Ive had the controller for about a 5 months and the contoller 's # 3 button was basiccaly stuck ... avoiding the issue of having to et rejected for a return or replacement . I just ordered a second one , and planned to fix the # 3 button myself ... I liked the controller alot so I wanted to get another . I figured I had just gotten a bad controller from a bad batch or something.So the new controller arrived ... . It worked great ! however after a short time maybe just a little under 30 days , The light started blinking , and the controller just completely stopped working . Its complately unresponsive . I tried everything ... reinstalling , replacing the batteries ... nothing worked . I did nothing to void warranty though.I called amazon , and told them my situation . Cant do anything with a controller that no longer works . I still have the other controller . I plan to fix it at some point . However , since Ive had two of these controllers in 6 months , and they both broke , I will not be purchasing another of this product ...
 The gamepad is of exceptional quality and wireless range . I have n't had a single problem when I used a single device in my computer.I would easy give it 5 stars if there was n't a very important downside : I bought a second one to play PES2011 . About 85 % of the time they work flawlessly . BUT in some cases in the middle of the game one of the receivers switches and starts receiving signal from the other gamepad . This is not a PES problem because it shows also in the windows control panel.In the Logitech support forums the problem was addressed as `` unresolvable '' because the device uses DirectInput versus X-Input ... That was somewhat confusing and was accepted as an indication that they simply refuse to resolve the issue so the customers are moved to buy newer `` X-Input '' controllers.The fact that you 're not really supposed to use two of these controllers at the same time seems like something they should have mentioned in their sales literature , but they did not .
 This product should not be promoted for MAC by the manufacturer or Amazon . My opinion is that this is false advertising . I tried to get the pad to work to later find out that additional software is needed , and even then it does not work well enough to use . Looking at the Mac website , similar reviews for the cord version of Rumblepad . This is for PC . Total disappointment . Lots of hassle now to return it . Do n't buy it if you are going with MAC . They say its native and you do n't have to load software ... that is false . It does not work out of the box and there are no instructions or help online for this . Bad deal .
 This thing has an OS X insignia on the box . When I plug it into my USB port , my computer sees it fine . Darn shame I can not make the keys do anything in any application . I called Paul at the help center in Amsterdam . He said he knew nothing of OS X and offered no solutions.I went to the help page . It advised me to repair permissions which I did . No luck.So I called Paul again , he said I had bad hardware . Darn shame I can not -LRB- as a practical matter -RRB- send it back from Saudi Arabia . Maybe if you bought it from a local shop , so you could return it , this would be worth taking a chance on .
 I have had this product for several years . It has never worked quite right . The logitech software is terrible . You have to configure each game with the correct controls within the logitech software . Now that is a big pain in the you know what . The game I tried it on was Colin Mcrae Ralley 2005 . Also tried it on a few other games that I ca n't recall the names of . I 'd really like to have a controller I can just plug in and use , instead of having to program it for each individual game with buggy non user-friendy software ... This piece of junk is sitting in box somewhere in my apartment collecting dust -LRB- the only thing its good at -RRB- .
 This controller worked great for about a month , now wo n't do anything . The red light just blinks and it wo n't respond . A total waste of money , have gone through four Logitech controllers and none of them worked more than six months . Will never buy from Logitech again.My advice
 I bought this because the technical specs sayit is PC-MAC compatible . IT IS NOT ! The packageclearly states PC ... but being optimistic , I openedit anyway - and discovered that the software comeson a mini-disk . Mini-disks are NOT Mac compatible . $ 30 down the drain .
 Even though the site says that it 's for Pc and Mac , it 's only PC compatible . Very frustrating . Does n't work for Macintosh
 Since purchasing this game pad a month and a half ago , I have yet to be able to use it . I thought it was similar to an XBox 360 controller , but found out after purchase that it does not work with every game . Perhaps naive of me , but I thought it would easily work with newer games , such as Far Cry , Far Cry 2 , Bioshock , Crysis , Crysis Warhead , etc. . It does not -LRB- so far -RRB- . I 've tried Logitech 's tech service on-line help but to no avail . I have n't had time yet to call their telephone tech service , which they suggested I do , to find out what the issues are . Otherwise it 's good looking , and I had no problems installing the software !
 Every game I tried with this controller did not let me use it . This made me very upset . I did extensive research to see which controller was best to buy , and this one seemed to be it , and little did I know that the games I play do n't work with tis controller . I would give it no stars if I could for compatibility .
 Let me preface what I 'm about to say with I consider myself a fan of Logitech products . Going back to my first PC in '98 I 've always enjoyed their line of mice and game controllers -LRB- they make the definitive racing wheel IMO -RRB- . So its with great reluctance that I give their industrial design group poor marks for this particular iteration of their gamepad . Obviously taking its cue from the venerable Playstation controller , Logitech took what it seemed was a no-brainer idea and matched Sony 's near perfect design button for button . But the problem is n't the buttons you see , its the shape . The two handles simply are too close together ... too vertically aligned to be comfortable enough for extended play sessions . At first try the controller seems a comfortable fit but after about 5 minutes of play , the unatural position becomes more pronounced until it becomes distracting enough to force one to pick up the mouse and keyboard again . The final deal-breaker was the Lord of the Rings
 It 's clear that after 10 years of buying different Logitech controllers that Sony has a patten on simplicity.Sony must have a patten on a rounded housing for the analog sticks or why else would Logitech , the best Computer accessory company , make the same poor square housing year after year . This make the analog completely unusable when your playing sports games that require an exact location of the analog to make a pass or shot . Absolute failure on Logitech 's part.The raised buttons are n't the greatest either but you can get by . It 's a bit heavy and a rechargeable version would be more ideal that batteries but even that is ok.The controller would receive a 4-5 star if not for the square analog housing.Returned.PS2 controller plugged back in to PC .
 This was complete waste of money for me . I make near minimum wage , and the cost of this controller was not insignificant . To find out that it will not in fact work with my mac after being told otherwise is infuriating . Absolutely worthless POS that cost me money . Logitech can GTH .
 I accidently wrote a review for the wired version of this gamepad but will update here because this is what I bought.After I wrote my comments in the wired version , a few folks wrote in their review that I did n't know what I was talking about.Well , I 'm a computer expert , I 've tried every avenue to make this dang thing work right but no matter what I do there is no feedback for EA Sports Madden 2005 even though this game is featured on the Logitech Rumblepad box ! The rumble works for EA Sports Need for Speed but not for Madden 2003 or 2005 . The only conclusion I can come to is this thing is still experimental and not ready for release.I 've sought help from Logitech , EA Sports , Microsoft , on-line forums , updated drivers , tried clean boots , reinstallations galore.Hours and hours later , still not working right . No more Logitech for me . Maybe no EA Sports either . I do n't need the aggravation .
 The product claims it works with PC games but it is ot compatible with Black OPs , Medal of Honor , etc. .
 I installed this controller on my windows 7 64bit home premier system . Download the latest driver from logitech . Installation was easy . The control worked with GRID game , but the vibration does not work with this game . Got the Microsoft xbox 360 wireless controller for pc and everything work with GRID game .
 Why is this product 110 $ , is this a mistake , or is this for real . I also recently purchased a Windows Xbox 360 controller , is it compatible with a lot of games ? Please comment . Thanks
 I originally ordered one from a `` Like New '' dealer through Amazon.USB Remote Receiver worked OK ; Control Unit lit up on the indicator , but had no output to the Receiver.Believing I was doing something wrong and failing to determine what , I ordered a `` New '' Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2 with Vibration Feedback -LRB- Black -RRB- from a different dealer and it works great.I must say , Amazon is doing its best to arrange a return and refund for the original purchase.Don ' t know whether or not the `` Dealer '' will cooperate ... still waiting after four weeks.Be careful folks .
 This gamepad needs a receiver to connect to my computer and I never got one . So it 's useless . Not even sure how that 's possible .
 This unit has been in my hands for two weeks , and already I 'm having serious issues with it.First , either the controller ca n't send precise signals or the sensor is n't discrimination enough . Every so often , pressing one button will activate the function of a different button . -LRB- e.g. I 'll press button 6 and button 2 will activate instead -RRB- Second , the right analog stick wo n't stay zeroed . I started out fine , but went south over time . It is now nearly unusable .
 We purchsed two of these units . They worked for 1.5 months then we started having problems . While polite , Logitec 's customer `` no-service '' offered fixes which we 'd already tried and never were able to get to the bottom of the problem unless I called their phone help personnel at my expense . A month and a half later I 'm still going around and around with them . They consistenly avoid my requests for a replacement unit . Now one unit works sporadically and the other does n't work at all.In this instance , Logitec has not backed up their merchandise and they do not provide useful customer service , and they only seem to care about the customer so long as we give them money . We feel ripped off .
 This did not work with Call of Duty
 I purchased this controller with high hopes that it would allow me to play games on my Mac with an conventional game controller . It 's listed as Mac compatible , but I have yet to find a way to make it work . I 've contacted Logitech , and the tech I spoke to said it should work with any game that supported it , but not has not been my experience . After purchasing , I went online and have found that no one has been able to get it to work . There is software that claims to help , but I tried it , with no luck . Too bad , the gamepad itself has a very nice feel to it , and seems to be well made .
 The product does not work if you own any other type of wireless device in your home , be that a wireless keyboard , a wireless network , a wireless phone , or a cell phone . This product will only work within 1 inch of the receiver . The only response from logitech to get this to work is to disconnect all other wireless devices in your home . Save yourself the trouble and get a wired controller .
 I bought this controller specifically so I could play Portal 2 on my Mac . Turns out it is n't fully compatible with Macintosh , even though the advertising says it is . First of all , the enclosed software disc is PC only , and there 's no configuration software included . Also , mini CDs wo n't run in iMacs.After spending hours researching this product and trying to figure out how to use it on a Mac , I gave up . This controller is a bad deal for Mac users .
 Logitech and Amazon both list this as Mac compatible . It 's not . Logitech offers no Mac drivers/software for this device . With some tinkering I was able to get Leopard to recognize a couple button-presses , but there 's no way to map the buttons and game-support is dismal at best . There are a few third-party programs you can purchase as a work-around to this , but this item should not be billed as `` Mac compatible '' by any means .
 My Son and I play Final Fantasy XI on various systems -LRB- PC , Workstations , Playstation 2 , and Playstation 3 -RRB- . My primary access is a Dell Precision 390 workstation using this controller . I also use the same controller on a Dell Laptop -LRB- Inspiron 9300 -RRB- . This is a GREAT controller when it works , but thus far they die quickly . Over the years I bought 5 of them and thus far only 2 of them are working.When I contacted Logitech for support , they turned me down because Amazon.com wo n't provide warranty support unless you have a paper receipt . The only receipt I have when buying from Amazon.com is what I show on my screen . I did a copy and paste and even turned it into a PDF file -LRB- for printing -RRB- , but the Logitech employee said it could be a fake.When I contacted Amazon.com about getting a paper receipt , the first person said she 'd send me a new controller . When it did n't arrive , I called and another person said the first person exceed her authority , as it broke after the 30th day -LRB- or maybe it was the 2 week mark -RRB- . So , I 'm stuck with a controller no one will fix even though it died during the warranty period.As for the other two dead controller , they died somewhere between the 14th and 18th month . I did n't even try to get them fixed , exchanged , or my money back.I do n't know of a better controller when it is work , which is why I keep coming back . I hope people out there have some suggestions . I also hope someone from Logitech reads this and has a solution for Amazon.com customers !! Logitech should honor their warranty even if we buy through Amazon.com !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 No Mac OS X software is supplied or available from Logitech . When Logitech says it 's `` compatible '' with Mac OS X , they mean that it 's * possible * for individual games to support it -- but it 's up to the game publisher . They do n't mean that any particular game supports it or that they 'll do anything to help . So the chance that this will work with games you 've got is near zero .
 Despite Mac compatibility labeling , it does not work with a Mac and is probably not supported on Mac by COD4 Modern Warfare for Mac . Instructions for installation of the drivers was terrible .
 I 'm a Mac user and I ordered the Rumblepad 2 thinking it would be cross-platform , but it 's not . Received it in the mail today and now that I have the item in front of me , I see on the packaging that it only works with Windows . Why ca n't Amazon put that in the product description , so I do n't have to waste my time sending this thing back ???
 This seems like a well-engineered device , and I can sort of get it to work with some of my games . But it seems painfully lacking in support for Mac or Linux computers . I have Ubuntu and Windows on my Mac , and I find the enormous difference in support for the three platforms -LRB- lots for Windows , nothing at all for Mac or Linux -RRB- to be puzzling and annoying . Wake up , Logitech . Windows is n't all there is .
 Anyone with real experience racing vehicles will tell you quickly that only steering wheel controllers of the integrated types such as Logitech 's G25 are the only worthwhile controller . An accelerator , brake , and steering wheel set is the bare minimum.F1 2002 , Indianapolis 500 and such games require at least the minimum . And last but not least , make sure the controller works with your chosen game . Only Logitech posts such . The others are unknowledgeable , probably by intent .
 This item does not work with any of the new games , had to send it back for a refund .
 This controller is great as far as functional and comfortable ... only problem is it wasnt compatible for very many games . I 'd skip this controller if you have the money to get the more expensive xbox 360 controller ... its compatible with most games .
 This is actually a pretty good gamepad in general . However I planned on using it for Street Fighter 2 and other classic fighting games and the D-pad is one of the worst I have ever used . The joysticks have a button click , just like many of the consoles controllers , and someone thought it would be good idea to make the D-pad a button as well . Unfortunately that was a really bad idea . When attempting moves that involve complex actions on the D-pad , the pad depresses and twists making it very difficult or near impossible . There are certain moves that I can only pull off a fraction of the time with this controller , and other moves that I can barely pull off at all -LRB- ex
 The product specifications were good and said they were compatable with a Mac . when the controller arrived it said on the box `` This controller offers no vibration feedback for Macintosh . '' on top of the no vibration , i was sent a faulty one . the down and right directions on the right analog stick didnt work . a huge letdown . if the gamepad doesnt offer certain features on a specific type of computer , it should be mentioned in the overview .
 Some apparently got it to work with debilitating errors . I could n't get it to work at all . It is a POS and so is Logitech for saying it is compatible . I will never buy another Logitech product . Ever .
 It does n't work for some games , for example , Star War . They do n't give you the information about this on their website . Buy at your own risk . It 'll be nice if they list of the compatible games some where .
 Warning this gamepad does not work with imac apple computer . The 3.5 inch disk will jam in the CD slot . The software is not compatible with the imac snowleopard OS system . The product specifications should be updated to reflect these major problems . Do n't buy it if you have a MAC computer !
 This product is not compatible for all games played on a Mac . I bought Rumblepad 2 to use with Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare and it will not work at all . I called Logitech tech support and they told me that in order for it to work I need to purchase third party software called ControllerMate -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- and ` map ' , or program , the gamepad to the keyboard . Not an easy feat and very , very time consuming . So before buying this controller make sure the game supports gamepads . I will be returning Rumblepad 2 .
 Do not , I repeat , do not purchase this product . It worked fine for all but two weeks and began to malfunction as the mode light would always go on and disconnect the controller automatically . It was the worst purchase I 've made on Amazon and I 've made hundreds .
 This device is not fully functional for Macs . The gamepad does weird things with some games and is difficult to calibrate . Most importantly the VIBRATION DOES NOT WORK FOR MACS .
 O.K. the box says it works with the 05 EA sports games but theres no rumble if any one can help please send an e-mail thanx .
 This controler is terrible for a number of reasons . I find it to be overpriced for the amount of quality that it has to offer . My friend bought me this controller some time ago and the d-pad broke after about a month . Compare this to one of the slim clear blue PC controllers that logitech sells for about $ 10 . Those controllers lasted me about a year before breaking!Now , if you just need something to play emulators on , then I would suggest getting the smaller $ 10 logitech controllers . They are CHEAP and durable for the price that you can get them for . Great value ! But if you 're like me and want a controller to use for serious fighting games , then this is not the answer . The D-pad sticks too easily and eventually stops working . Avoid this controller because there are small , lighter , cheaper , more durable alternatives .
 I have used both the Logitech Duel action gamepad , and after that one lost sensitivity in the analog sticks , I thought that buying this slightly more expensive rumblepad would be higher quality . After only six weeks of use the right analog pad does n't work in the forward direction at all . Buy a more expensive microsoft xbox 360 controller for PC and save yourself from buying logitech 's crap over and over again every time they break .
 I bought this product from another seller , its ver confortable , easy to install and use , it 's just like a PS2 controller so if you like those you will like this one , and works with most of the games out there . I can say though that it does n't work at 100 % , the vibration feedback does n't work on most of the new games , especially those games that say `` games for windows '' that hace the xbox controller configuration by default , also you can get either the left or right analog stick to be inverted i.e. moving to right will move camera up and left will move the camera down , I tried correcting the problem with the Profiler software that comes with it but no luck . The only game that worked 100 % for me was Prototype -LRB- which recognized the gamepad as Logitech Rumblepad 2 -RRB- . I tried contacting Logitech but they dont have an answer for this . At the end I had to purchase an Xbox 360 that works perfect with those games.So in few words , the controller is good but lacks of support of newly released games .
 The controller worked well while it lasted - which was exactly 2 days . The left analog joystick went haywire and caused movement without even touching it . All attempts to reset , including reistalling the software failed to correct the issue . So , like any good consumer , I returned the product thinking I had a faulty controller . Turned out the second controller acted up even faster - the same day.Don ' t waste your time on this product . You 'd be better off getting the non-vibrating one . I 've had the non-vibrating gamepad for 4 months now . Not one single problem to date .
 I had this gamepad exactly one day before the left analog stick began to flip out making it useless . If I would have read the reviews prior to purchase I would have noticed that I was not the only person to have this problem . Furthermore , I threw away the box so I ca n't even return it . At least it was only $ 20 .
 At first , this seemed like a great controller . It was easy to set up , and it 's ability to run several sets of game profiles simultaneously was impressive . I did n't think I 'd experience any of the problems that were always associated with the original Dual Action gamepad from logitech . But after only a few weeks of usage , the buttons became very sensitive , the controller did n't always respond right away , and the left analog stick began acting up , making alot of games unplayable . A nice design , but another failed attempt from Logitech .
 It can be programmed to work like the ps2 controller and works just fine except for a few problems with the game I play
 I have owned the cordless rumbled 2 for 3-4 years and have been disappointed with the game support on almost every game I 've used it on . If the controls work standard with the game , 9 times out of 10 the rumble feature will not be supported . I wasted my money on this product because I loved the playstation style controllers and hated the xbox style . If I could go back and change my choice I would get the xbox controller without thinking twice about it . Do yourself a favor and pass on this product .
 I originally purchased the analog game pad with no vibration , then I purchased this controller . The only time I have felt force feedback was in FIFA 2005 during penalty kicks . I highly DO NOT recommend this controller , get the regular gamepad and save 10 bucks.However , the layout is great and it is extremely comfortable to hold .
 This gamepad was fine until it fell from a height of about 2 feet and landed on a hardwood floor . After that , the `` LB '' button stopped functioning . I took it apart and found that the `` clicker '' device that triggers a button press was n't responding to the correct amount of pressure anymore . Since then , the gamepad has stopped working completely.This will be the last Logitech product I buy ,
 I must say it is not nearly as good as the snes one , because all the extra features they add to the game do not enhance the game at all , they actually made the game worse . This game is mainly testing the gamer 's aiming ability , of course there are alittle thinking such as how to make alot of bubbles fall at once . With this in mind , why did they make the colors so crazy bright and whats with all the fireworks and bubbles poping graphics ? A game like this , you would want to make the game environment color soft as well as minimal distractions , so gamers can actually focus and see whats on the screen ! Basically , I keep asking `` How can I set the colors not so bright , so I can or want to focus on the screen ? '' , `` Can I disable the popping graphics as well as the fireworks , etc. . . ? They annoy me and I ca n't see the bubbles ! '' , `` Why are all the character 's graphic and storyline graphics so nasty ? These are areas that actually should have all the cool graphics , because they do not distract the gameplay of the game ! A baby could have drawn those pictures ! '' . Well I returned this game ...
 this game is like any other bust a move games and i believe that this item should me only 20 bucks . if this cost any more then that i recommend u shouldnt buy it . all the moves tricks colors are all the same to me . i personally give this a 5 STAR rating but looking at the price ... well ... u know ...
 the game dide n't play at allvery disapointedfeel lied to about conditionwaste of money so unhappy with this .
 This game is terrible . Sure it has 7 sonic games but in extras you ca n't walk around in a digatal world . If you want satisfaction get sonic jam for sega saturn
 More sonic re releases . I think we 've played Sonic 1,2 and 3 if we wanted to by now . Same with Sonic an Knuckles and the rest of the junky games you get on this disk . It 's not worth the money unless you see it for 2 dollars at a garage sale .
 I hate to write a bad review , but the bad experience I 've had with this game , and the fact that you have no recourse but to tell other people about it , makes this my only option . If I could slap up the folks who put this game out I would . They had so much going for them , and they blew it . If only they would have spent a few extra bucks to re-record the dialog in English , instead of sub-titling it ... ! -LRB- the game is originally from Japan . -RRB- Some times key information on how to defeat enemies is yelled at you , and with all the action onscreen , you ca n't afford to look away for a second to read instructions.I just spent 2 hours of my life trying to defeat the third level boss . And after finally chipping his health down to 20 % I got killed . You do n't start off where you left off like many games , no , you have to start at the painstaking beginning ! That 's not quality game play , that 's an excercise in futility.Rent this one before you buy . It 's very colorful and fast paced and if not for the difficulty it would be worth owning .
 After reading tons of rave reviews on game sites for days , I finally forked out ... my hard-earned money to buy Panzer Dragon Orta . Right after seeing the intro movie I had a sickening feeling in my stomach ... . I was shaking my head in disbelieve ... I absolutely do n't understand what the hype is all about . One word that sums everything about the game is CHEESY . I did n't buy an XBox to play a Nintendo 64 quality game !!! I think the storyline is -LSB- substandard -RSB- , the gameplay quickly gets boring and redundant , sound brings back memories from the 80 's , graphics is OK but nothing compared to Halo and Splinter Cell . Do your self a favor and save your money for another game ... do n't throw it away like I did . Giving it 1 star is being too generous ... . sigh ...
 Panzer ORTA is yet another game release from the `` new '' Sega , and like many of Sega 's new releases , this game was hyped beyond belief before its release , but ultimately PDO turned out to be mediocre at best , much like Toejam & Earl III , JSRF , Gunvalykrie , etc.The potential for this game to succeed was staggering . WIth the fine legacy left by the Sega Saturn trilogy and hot off the heals of the fantastic PD Saga , I expected PDO to turn out at least on par with what the Saturn versions had to offer . Instead , we get gameplay very reminscient of the early PD games , basically linear excursions through graphically impressive levels , with mind numbingly lengthy boss battles . The desire to replay the stages just is n't there and when they constantly throw boss battles that take up to 10 minutes to complete -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating here . . there 's a timer counting down your boss battles -RRB- , PDO just gets old and stale rather quickly.Yeah , yeah ... Sega threw in a host of challenges and unlockables in teh Pandora 's Box including the full version of PD1 , but I did n't buy an XBOX to play 8 year old Sega Saturn games I 've already played to death.THe story is rather bizarre and the mini-games you play in the Pandora 's Box at first seem to have no connection whatsoever to the main game -LRB- it gets clearer as you go on -RRB- , but the trial and error nature of these challenges will turn off MANy gamers . Instead of turning out to be an epic game on the XBOX . . one that would be talked about for years like the Saturn games , PDO has basically become one of those games that only the hardcore players will flock to and has quickly fallen out of sight and has rarely been mentioned since.IF this is what Sega has become today , then I 'll be very wary of any new releases from them in the future !
 I got the game based on the glowing reviews here and at GameSpot . I ca n't believe these reviews were for the game I played . I was sorely disappointed . I really was n't that impressed with the graphics , and the story is just weird . But the key point is , this game just is n't fun.If I could return it , I would .
 Ive been waiting two years for this ? This game is a joke.The graphics are nowhere near what the claims are.It waslike steppin ' back into the seventies and playing defenderor something along those lines ... Only it was n't that fun!If you want killer graphics get Enclave ... Every game shouldlook that good.There is no excuse for grainy or childishgraphics , in this day and age ... It 's just plain lazy .
 THIS GAME IS STUPID ITS SO INCREDBALY BORING I PLAYED IT FOR LIKE 5 MINUTES THAN I COULDNT STAND HOW STUPID IT WAS . ONE OF BIGGEST DISSPOINTMENTS OF THE YEAR.MAYBE RENT BUT DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT BY BUYING IT.NO WONDER THIS GAME IS BAD ITS ON XBOX
 This game is quite well done , but I did not enjoy playing it because it is so slow-paced . Gameplay
 I bought this game the day it came out hoping for a fun shoot 'em up experience . When you play on xblox live even with 16 people EVERY SINGLE GAME turns into a boring , pointless , frustrating snipe fest . Just about every player ALWAYS picks a sniper rifle and when the round stars every player finds some dark hole or bush to hide behind and the sniping begins . Ghost Recon multiplayer = Boring , cheap , scope camping people who all think they are the greatest thing since sliced bread because they can sit somewhere and shoot you from a mile away while your the only one in the whole game with an assault rifle . SAVE YOUR MONEY for Counter-Strike , or Soldier of Fortune for Xbox if like REAL fun multiplayer experiences . STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME ITS SUCKS TERRIBLY !
 I recently bought Ghost Recon with my birthday money . When I got home I started it up . After a few minutes I thought , '' This is it ? '' This game is good graphic wise but it is not worth $ $ # . On multiplayer you get to pick Cooperative , Adversarial , and Tournament . Multiplayer is the only `` GOOD '' about this game . But its still cheesy . The enemies AI is TOO good . You 'll be up on a mountian and zoom in with your scope and the enemy will notice and start firing at you , and 9 times out of 10 you die . It is hard to beat it on Recruit . It would be impossible to beat it on Veteran . Trust me . If you want a good action game dont buy this . I dont get you people that say that Ghost Recon is better than Halo . Halo is better than this game in all aspects . Here are my Pros/Cons . Pros : Good graphicsNice soundO.K . MultiplayerCons : Unrealistic AICheesy Options andd Map ScreensHard ControlsNot Tom Clancy 's Best WorkI was playing it and one of my squad members names were Henry Ng . What kind of last name is `` Ng . `` If you want a good action game get Halo . And as far as i 'm concerned , Splinter Cell is better . Thats the last Tom Clancy first-person-shooter that i 'll get .
 Hi my name is 1 this is fun game you kiss kids !
 Please do n't buy this game my husband played it twice and both times in different areas the game just locked up . We tried getting another disc and it did the same thing halfway through and in different missions the game once more locked up . Rent it only that way you are saved from the locking up . I believe that UBI Soft put alot of bad discs on the market and yet we have n't found one that did n't lock up . RENT DO N'T BUY !!!
 If your looking for a good simulation of a military force moving around under your control and killing bad men , then do yourself a favor and buy Socom Navy Seals . There is nothing this game has that Socom does n't -LRB- nothing you 'd want anyway -RRB- In ghost recon your always in 1st person . That 's fine , but show me a gun and a couple of hands at least ! When you shoot , bullets come out of nowhere and move in the direction of your target . Absolutely no sense that your the one firing a weapon.To boot , the gunshots sound horrible . Again if you 've played Navy Seals or Medal of Honor you WILL be disappointed.The whole thing of being able to jump from one man to another is only confusing at best and lends nothing to being able to control the group.While Navy Seals had some flaws like the fact that your other team members are completly incapable of throwing grenades -LRB- in single player mode anyway -RRB- and you sometimes have to repeat commands twice or even 3 or 4 times , it is still a far superior game in every sense.I would give Navy Seals 4.5 stars.Ghost recon barely gets away with 2
 This game should never have been made . I rateit as follows.graphics - 7Story line - 7everything else - 1I give microsoft credit for the graphics and for the sweet story line , but every otherpart of this games is awful . To start off you ca n't see anything in this game . I beat the game and only had to shoot 10 people . my team of 6 did everything before i got a chance to . I would be walking a long and one of my guys would shoot a bad guy that i could see on my screen . I had to walk around with zoom on the entire time just so i could kill one guy . the guns on the other hand were pretty cool but they were almost to realistic . i liked halo where i could pick up guns as i went along . in this game the guns i start wiht are the guns i keep for good . another thing that stinks is getting shot . unlike halo where you have a sheild in this game if you get shot once you are dead . i recomend this game if you are into intense strategy/realistic shooter games ...
 i thought this game would be good but i was very dissapointed when i played itcons : terrible graphics , enveriments need worked on , cant see your gun , cant tell if enemy or on your sidepros : coop mode , you can pick what type of soilders you want with you
 worst game i have everplayed , wasteoftime and of money .
 I purchased this game based on all of the hype and good reviews I 'd seen on it . Once I got it home to play it , not only did I not have fun , the game only succeded in making me angry.I played through the training scenarios . Already I was not impressed with the controls . I tried playing the first mission 3 times . The premise seemed pretty simple . You 're in control of 2 3-man teams . You sweep through an area , accomplishing tasks and killing unfriendlies . I was thoroughly wasted on all three times I played the first mission . I did n't even get close to the end of the first level . The controls were clumsy and the enemies were nigh impossible to see . Even the map gave me little information as to what was going on.Now , I know you 're supposed to take your time with this game . Halo it ai n't . But , I like games that take time . I 've played through levels of Splinter Cell and Hitman 2 multiple times just to get the fewest number of kills possible . I also finished Morrowind which is not exactly an instant gratification game . I did n't try to haul through GR , absorbing damage . There are some games some people just ca n't get the hang of . Maybe this was one of those for me . I also tried the first Rainbow 6 when it came out , and I hated that , too . Maybe it 's squad-based games I hate . I would rather be in control of one guy and know exactly what he 's doing than 6 and have 3 of those running around doing God knows what.As with any game , I recommend renting it first . If you rent it and like it , great . It cost you an extra 3-5 bucks than if you just bought it . If you hate it , you save upwards of 45 bucks . The choice is yours .
 Let me start by saying this is a beautiful game to look at but for me that is about it . The thing about Ghost Recon is I am sure it is at the top of alot of peoples game lists just not mine . I think people should really know what type of game this is before buying it . Ghost Recon is a hardcore strategy game . This is fine but it is not a true FPS . This game relys much much much more on strategy based attacks and info gathering . Like I said this is fine but I think when most people think of FPS 's they think Halo . In no way is this game like Halo . You will not encounter vast squads of enemies charging you and you sure wont be able to take 30 hits to the chest like in most FPS 's . Like I said i 'm sure some people like that much better just not me . I just want people to know what kind of game they are purchasing before picking this up . See below.Pick this game up if : you like strategy based fpsyou like -LRB- much -RRB- slower paced fps scenariosyou prefer stealth/recon over balls out death chargesDo not pick up if : you like fast paced gun blazing first shooteryou like less challenging point a to point b level set upsyou like a more relaxed ammo/health restrictionsLike I said this game is probally amzing for a lot of people . Just do n't be fooled by it being a FPS . It is much more of a strategy recon game .
 Please read this . Althought this is a great game , the XBOX version is full of bugs , and neither UBI or Microsoft is doing anything to correct it . Please visit the support forum on their website and look at all the issue 's with freezing and on-line play . The fact that UBI wo n't even respond makes this game not worth buying .
 I 'm pretty open to most games ... in fact , I do n't find too many shooters that I do n't enjoy , and to top that off , I really enjoy more `` realistic '' games.Unfortunately , Ghost Recon fails in nearly all environments excluding online play.You see , in single player , you run around , mostly in forest type terrain -LRB- you ca n't actually SEE any enemies because there are too many trees and the graphics are so poor that you ca n't barely distinguish a bush and an enemy -RRB- . Now here is the HUGE problem , you have 5 other teammates all controlled by AI -LRB- unless you switch to them specifically -RRB- ... they 3 of them run through the level on a predetermined path and easily kill all their enemies without stopping . The 2 guys that run with you , are gauranteed to see the enemy and kill the enemy before you ever even realize they are there -LRB- remember you ca n't see anything -RRB- . This game has a superb concept , but just completely lacks in its actually gameplay , its annoying and boring.If you are an intense online player , this game will provide tons of action packed fun on xbox live ... but by all means , avoid it for the single player missions.If you are looking for realistic-semi-realistic shooters , try out conflict desert storm I and II ... . both very fun squad play in first person . . stealth , action , great weapons , great squad dynamics , etc. .
 The game is boring , you shot people from a distance with your sniper rifle . Big Deal . You 've seen it all before . I solved this game in 3 nights with very very light game play . There is nothing more to really say about it ...
 So I bought my X Box last year JUST for this game . I waited and waited and waited . Original release date was March of 2002 and they kept pushing it back . Finally was releasd last week and when I finally got it ... it just plain -LSB- inhales with force -RSB- . Graphics I give a 5 stars . Playability I give 1 star . First person view -LSB- inhales with force -RSB- . Online play slow and lagging . Just not a very good game . I 've been playing SOCOM
 one of the worst games i 've played . Rented it from blockbuster . Very glad I did n't actually buy . Played it for 20 minutes and could n't believe how bad it is . Ubi Soft made a great game with splinter cell but not sure what they were thinking with this one .
 I ordered this game for my brother and when I played it to make sure it worked -LRB- i had a funny feeling about it -RRB- nothing happened ! i was so upset and i was n't going to pay or go through the process of returning it through amazon so i am taking it to my local gamestop and trading it in there for a gamestop gift card where he can buy a used one there that is guaranteed to work ! this really made me upset because i have had such good luck with amazon
 I was extremely excited when I found out Ghost Recon would be a launch title for XBOX Live . Reviews gave it high marks , and the PC version won a game of the year award . But the XBOX version suffers in several areas -LRB- which I assume also apply to the PC version -RRB- .1 . -RRB- The draw distance is extremely obvious with night-vision goggles on . This means that trees just pop out of nowhere ahead of you . This detracts from the immersion of the game .2 . -RRB- The game plays as if you are on a set track - meaning you can not jump or leap down from elevations . In fact , if you are on a hill , and wish to get down from the hill , you run into a `` hidden barrier '' that prevents you from getting down except for a ramp-like part of the terrain .3 . -RRB- Online matches typically take a long time to load - games are usually in progress and you must wait several minutes -LRB- if not 10 minutes or more -RRB- until the game ends and you may join . I was only lucky once and got in a game before it started , but then I waited 5 minutes for enough players to join -LRB- now , I will admit , this situation may improve as the number of gamers playing the game at any one time grows , but it is still very annoying -RRB- . Other XBOX Live games do not have this issue because of the way their opti-match system is set up.Aside from these points , it is a solid game - those gamers who like a slow-paced semi-realistic war game should enjoy Ghost Recon -LRB- although the items I mentioned above do detract from the whole experience -RRB- . I would caution , however , against you gettin this game if you prefer faster-paced shooters such as Halo or Unreal Championship - it might be worthwhile to try it out in the store first , if you can . You may decide this game is not for you .
 This is the first game that I have owned that will be going back to the store . If you are looking for a Conflict Desert Storm type game with better graphics , do not look here . There is a huge flaw in the execution of same screen co-op mode . The game only allows the selection of a primary dossier , once selected , co-op can be started , however when the game loads , no matter which profile is selected for the second player , the game will default the second player with default settings . This is a big problem if the second player wants to play with non-inverted controls . The next big disappointment was in the system link mode . THIS IS NOTHING LIKE HALO ! It limits players to one player per x-box , 2 players per game , however it will play 8 games simultaneously . The design of this game was clearly written for x-box live , with little attention to system-link , or co-op modes . There are some good things , the graphics are decent , and the environments are large . Game movement is smooth , and the AI enemies are challenging . I 'm left wondering if the release of this game was forced before completion , with the intention of having release titles for x-box live .
 Instead of proceeding on to more difficult challenges as the game progresses , the game presents a difficult mission followed by several relatively easy missions . Did not play the game much but was easily able to finish it . I have never played the game with XBox live so I ca n't comment about whether that makes the game more fun or play last longer .
 Hi my name is 1 this is fun game you kiss kids !
 I recently bought Ghost Recon ... When I got home I started it up . After a few minutes I thought , '' This is it ? '' This game is good graphic wise but it is not worth -LSB- the Money -RSB- . On multiplayer you get to pick Cooperative , Adversarial , and Tournament . Multiplayer is the only `` GOOD '' about this game . But its still cheesy . The enemies AI is TOO good . You 'll be up on a mountian and zoom in with your scope and the enemy will notice and start firing at you , and 9 times out of 10 you die . It is hard to beat it on Recruit . It would be impossible to beat it on Veteran . Trust me . If you want a good action game dont buy this . ... Here are my Pros/Cons . Pros : Good graphicsNice soundO.K . MultiplayerCons : Unrealistic AICheesy Options andd Map ScreensHard ControlsNot Tom Clancy 's Best Work ...
 This thing is purely trash . Oh wow xbox comes with the needed adapter to run the service , but how many people have dsl , cable , or T1 or whatever ? I am sure people will pay high amount of money just to pay for high speed net connection to use xbox live . Then only to find out that their desire of high speed net connection is n't compatibale with xbox live . Then comes this whole mess of xbox promising no lag and etc cause they do n't have modem adapter for people to use . I do n't care if playstation 2 network adapter was broadband only as well xbox live will have lags . Why ? because no matter the connection if the server is laggin the gamers themselves will feel it . Xbox live site and xbox live players can not tell you it will be lag free because of broadband only . I want real proof if that there is 0 lag in the game since its broadband only .
 XBox Live sounds great on paper , unless you 're a college student . College students grew up with console games over the past two decades , and the online experience is one they have waited long for , but many colleges require all machines on their LAN networks to register the machine through an internet browser , which can not be done with XBox , which has no browser . Many campuses also disable internet access if they detect the device connection through a PC -- by way of a router , HUB , ICS or other means . This cuts out what should be a target audience for XBox , since our generation has supported and continues to build the console gaming industry . We will be the next designers and continue to consume console products -- despite common beleif , college students have the means and motivation to purchase more games at higher prices , also known as demand , than any other console game consumer group . College students should check with their on-campus computing center before purchasing this product .
 Xbox Live was one of the most anticipated devices in gaming for a while . I went broadband just to get it -LRB- which is $ 30 dollars a month higher than dial-up , which is a factor -RRB- . Having purchased all of the software to go along with it , I have to say even though this is the first time I seriously we n't online with a system before , I am underwhelemed . Not to say there arent some good positives : - voice chat -LRB- no swear filter though , you will run into some troublesome people -RRB- - friends lists - good deal on annual rate-BB only is enforced.-optimatch-2 free demos -LRB- only 1 is worth playing though -RRB- - statsnow on the other side of the coin , every game that supports it that I play has some annoying bugs that cancel out the convience of the above positives , which will be listed here : NFL/NHL 2k3 - NHL 2k3 has a really bad network syncoration -LRB- you will lose connection with opponent RIGHT away and are forced to play the cpu . or get a drop -RRB- bug that happens very frequently -LRB- me up to 10 times in a row -RRB- , which makes this game almost unplayable online in long sessions . Then NFL2k3 has some pretty nasty lag , some games ran no better than DC 's modem.Mechassault - Has a lobby bug that kicks you out of a session EVERY match . This is bad since finding good games is n't always easy , so it gets frusterating when you do to only get kicked back out and play 3 bad games in a row again . Also , 1/2 times I play team destruction , someone gets dropped , which makes the game unfair . Otherwise the game is lag free and runs fine.Ghost Recon - Quickly went from initial favorite to least favorite . At certain times of the day , you will be searching 10 minutes for an good optimatch . This game is also plauged with dirty disk errors and people getting dropped alot , so I 'd rank this as the worst bug-riddled game i 've played on xbox live . Lag can be annoying as well . Still if all these issues were fixed it would be great , but i do n't have the patience for it.Unreal Championship - Right now my favorite game . It has the most variety and least amount of bugs . One big problem that has popped up recently is I would join a game , and 1-2 games later when changing maps it will not load , and instead go back to the menu screen . Then if you try to use something like optimatch , you 'll be signed out of live . This is also one of the games that people cheat the most , which is not good at all . The voice chat has echo 's as well . Again the game is still my favorite , but the first item I listed tests me at times.There you have it , so every exclusive launch game right now seems rushed . I brung the grade down to 2 stars because for some reason games like Madden , Tony Hawk 4 , are online only for PS2 . Games like Timesplitters 2 should be online right now as well . Otherwise the future looks bright , but games like countersrike , halo 2 , and Raven shield wo n't be here for a while . The dreamcast fighters online ports will be interesting to hold us over . And the one element that may move this rating up to 5 stars is Downloadble content . New maps , mechs , levels -LRB- splinter cell -RRB- , and the most important patches may be released very soon . Until that is released , I ca n't fully endorse live .
 The Xbox Live game would be super great , ... if you are lucky to get connected successfully . Number of people , including me , were wasting days to setup since the lauching of Live . And so far we could n't get proper support . Tech gave so many trys to do this , do that , but after isolating the problem and visiting the forum postings , I think some XBOXs just could n't get recognized by the Live at this point . I do n't know why . Some may need to buy new XBOX to get connected . It is really frustrating here .
 sure , xbox live is very nice , With all the acessibilty and freedom the product gives you , but lets go into how much it used to be , This item was 50 $ , yes it still is , but before you woild have a free game with the package , along with the headset and cd , now you get a demo instead of the game , A DEMO , the game made the price , to prove that , lets add things up . You woul ;d get a headset -LRB- Lets price that around , say 11 $ -RRB- adn a geame , -LRB- lets make that 39 $ -RRB- and the live cd , wich shouldnt cost anything because thats the service , but microsoft did n't want to lose to much money so they changed ity too a mere demo , and I close this by saying , dont write a letter to microsft if you are anoyed by this , they will only send you a recording .
 Wow , I got this in my hands , luckily , and quickly zipped through the setup . I will say mechassault is great but the other games lack substance when online . Racing games are fun but I 've done it all before with my PC and online at the Zone . That 's where the debate starts , is this groundbraking and is it worth it ? The short answer is no , stick with your PC if you can . There is no reason to go online with your Xbox if you have a good PC . First Person Shooters are terrible when playing with a controller vs a keyboard and mouse . You do n't have to worry about connection problems or annoying people using the voice altering feature with your PC . Your PC ca n't be banned like the Xbox either . Today it 's people who mod their Xbox but who 's next ? It 's very possible and probable that Microsoft will set more guidelines as to what you can and ca n't do on Xbox Live and then ban your Xbox permanently if you or someone who has access to your Xbox breaks the rules . It 's not worth it , better to stick with your PC since most games coming out for the Xbox also come out on the PC .
 Being part of the Beta crew I quickly found something that I did not like at all . In order to sign up for Xbox Live you must give them a none check/debit credit card in order to use it at all . Eventhough you already paid for one years subscription . I might be ok with it , if I were the only one to be using it and if they told me what the renewal rate was since there going to automatically charge me for it at the end of my subsription . However , they do n't do any of that , and since my little brother also want 's to use it I have to watch him to make sure he does n't go buying all the software he wants with my credit card . It 's an obviouse scam that I dought any parent would put up with , the only way I could get it to work without giving out my credit card was to go buy a $ $ $ prepaid credit card and use that instead . This is way to much of a problem when compared to PS2 FREE online service .
 This has gotto be the worst thing ever . i just bought thinking that the subscription was part of the price like it said , WRONG . Even though it said it was free , it askes for your credit card number so it can AUTOMATICLY BILL YOU when your suscription is over ! i am so mad I 'm going to E-mail Microsoft and tell them what a stinky product this is . You have your info or you wont be able to sign up . Even though you can cancel it , what if you forget ? Or what if you dont have a credit card ? It says it in little tiny letters on the side of the box , REQUIRES MAJOR CREDIT CARD . For your sake , take my advice and DO NOT GET THIS CHEAP RIPOFF !!!!!!!!!!!
 Well all the hype on the demo disks made me go out and buy this Xbox live . It looks like a pretty good product , but when I went to set it up , nope , couldnt connect . When I visited the Xbox Live website , I was informed that it will not work with AOL Broadband . I thought since I could use my playstation network adapter that AOL had also allowed Xbox Live . Guess I assumed incorrectly . The headset is a little tricky to put together , but everything seems nice . Playing the demos included with the Xbox Live disk are fun , but they are only demos . I do wish that for the cost of this , you would have gotten a full version game with it.Unfortunately , I 'll be taking this back or selling it , since my pleas to AOL to allow Xbox Live are answered with `` We 're aware of this situation and are working on solutions to allow this ''
 This game is probably fun on a computer . it 's clear it was designed for use with a mouse and keyboard , NOT for use on a console -LRB- we 're using a Playstation 2 -RRB- . My child found this game extremely frustrating to use , because it 's so hard to move the cursor to the exact location on the screen as required by the game design . I think it was just a really poorly done conversion from PC game to console game . Sad , too , because my son loves Pooh so much .
 I was hyped up ! The back of the disc case showed quite promising graphics . I went to the video store ... rented it ... put it in ... and ------- > :-O -LRB- What have I done ! -RRB- The intro scenes of this game , Wreckless , reminds me of Dragon Balls . . or one of those Japanese cartoons & animation . Sure , they are neat , but not into it . They tried to make it a bit comic , but I only found it quite cheesy.Ok ... about the game itself . I would have to point out the graphics are quite impressive , quite detailed ... of the city streets , buildings , and signs . There is also quite a bit of traffic too , unlike games like GTA 3 of Vice City , there are barely any cars on the road for a city of a few million . However , it does get annoying at times -LRB- in Wreckless -RRB- when you are trying to finish your missions , often running into other cars in a 2-lane street.However , I am GREATLY disappointed with the car physical damage effects in this game -LRB- eventhough the car modelling is quite good and realistic -RRB- . They are beyond terrible . It is funny thinking back how the video game salesman told me how great this game is , and how it has one of the greatest car damage effects out of all games in PS2 . BS ! You can rear-end or hit the opponents ' cars at full speed , you still do n't see a damage on them . After a few hits , however , you will see the windows crack -LRB- eventhough there is not 1 scratch or dent on the body -RRB- . Unfortunately , it was so unsuccessfully made that it just looks like a bunch of spider webs or simply fixed curvy crossed-lines . Oh , and I suppose when you hit them from behind , not only the rear glass will crack , mysteriously , the FRONT AND THE SIDE windows will also do the same ... with the same patterns too . And the next damage it will show is the whole car being blown up ... and disappears after a few seconds . I would recommend GRAND THEFT AUTO 3 & VICE CITY ... or even STUNTMAN for better car damage graphics . However , if you run your car through markets , stands , and fences , it is not only quite realistic , it is also fun.The gameplay ... BORING . I finished a few missions/levels ... but I felt no sense of achievements . I did n't have the motivation for continuation . Therefore , I returned it . Overall , the gameplay is dull and boring -LRB- pretty much just ramming opponents ' cars with almost no physical damage . . until it all of a sudden blows up -RRB- . It holds very little interests.Overall WRECKLESS-Car damage effects
 for the first five minuts the distruction is cool but then it gets really r have n't unlocked free roam , however , just playing the missions , it does n't seem like free roam could be all that fun . there . simply would n't be anything to do . even running over people is really -LSB- bad -RSB- in this game they just kind of fall dopwn and then get back up again . as for the objects , it is like Spyhunter whewre there is that arangement of -LSB- stuff -RSB- you can go through and they kind of just sorta of sink onto the ground . the gameplay is fairly fun though , and the graphics are really good-exept for the horid frame rate ! ... asa for the shuting part , it is lame and doesn ; t reallyh make the game better.I think I will sell it and get burnout ; maby that will be better . after that I will save up for `` The Getaway ' ...
 I bought this for my four and six year olds . My four-year old hated it . It was too slow and did n't challenge him enough . He started using the playstation recently and the first game he played with was the ` Toy Story 2 ' . He loves it !! This one does n't compare to it . It 's not enough for him . I 'm not even going to bother letting my six year old play with it . She 's too advanced for it . May be ok for tiny , tiny ones . The graphics are really cute though .
 I purchased this game for my 3 year old . It was way too slow for him . My son loves Mickey and Minnie mouse but , after playing this game I do not think he likes them anymore . I will put it away and give it another try later .
 I have to admit , I was never a big fan of the THPS series , but I was willing to play this one at my friend 's house . Well , nothing 's changed from the original , and I personally do n't see how anyone could find virtual skateboarding enjoyable . Okay , I admit , its sort of fun pissing off people , but a much better game for that is Sonic Adventure 2 . I do n't see what this game has over other games . If anyone 's ever played The Legend of Zelda
 This game is fun for a little while but after you get some good levels you do n't really want to play any more . I got up to the shipyard level and just got bored with the repeditive tasks . After you play the game through you expect it to be fun for ever but since you already spent all the time on a game that gets boring so quick you just do n't want it any more . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It 's hard to imagine a game more tedious , more uninspired , or less suitable for `` ages 2-4 '' than this one . In order to make Eeyore 's birthday party happen , preschoolers are expected to complete exacting tasks for each Pooh character , such as coloring paintings for Piglet . Of course , you have to click and color each large painting EXACTLY to match the color example provided onscreen -- no room for creativity allowed . Furthermore , the examples are so tiny that it 's often impossible to tell exactly what color , say , Pooh 's earmuffs should be . And if your child can actually discern the correct color , they are then expected to have sufficient command over the game controls so that they can navigate the brush so that its tip falls within the correct 4 or 5 empty pixels onscreen.In order for Piglet to get to go to Eeyore 's party , your preschooler is expected to complete something like 25 of these `` paintings '' -- a laborious task , made even more painful by the repetitive `` encouraging '' phrases that Pooh keeps mindlessly intoning . And other challenges are even more tedious.The animation is poor , and several of the character voices are n't the same as in the cartoons . The people who made this game do n't love and understand either small children , or Pooh .
 It is an old version windows 98 , it did n't say that anywhere . I did find a way to make it work on my pc , but then I had to uninstall it because it was quirky and would freeze and/or flash from time to time . I would n't recommend it unless you have an old pc running windows 95 or 98 . It was a cute game when it worked .
 I bought is product when it was a GOLD BOX DEAL , for $ 13 . I was buying this kit mainly for the HDMI cable , so it thought it was a good deal . The HDMI cable produces a good picture , the fan worked but it was very weak , and the control charger is basically junk . The control charger charges through the USB , and only works while the PS3 is on . You can just as well use the charging cable that comes with your controller . Only one out of the three items in the kit worked well , so I would recommend you pass on this kit .
 Had to return this item . The fan never worked a second . Just showed a red light .
 I would not purchase again . the product is flimsy plastic an I was not happy in its quality and the way it preformed . it does not take 20 words for me to give a low review .
 Plugged it in to my PS3 controller and it did n't work . Very disappointing but thankful returning items is normally a quick process with Amazon . Definitely wo n't be buying this brand again . Lesson learned .
 The whole idea in getting this cord is the length . There is no information here as to how long said cord is . The problem with the stock cord is that its TOO SHORT !! Lets get with the program here .
 Do not buy this cable . It is a 3 ft. cable , not a 6 ft. cable as stated . I was terribly disappointed , and wished I looked at the reviews as another person had the exact same problem . Other than the length , the cable itself works perfectly fine , and I just use it to charge my controller when I 'm not playing.If you want to buy the real 6 ft. cable buy it from this listing : http://www.amazon.com/Controller-Charge-Cable-Black-Playstation-3/dp/B003A0T6YS/ref=pd_sim_vg_1It is the same price , and you get the real deal . Hope this helps ~ !
 I purchased this cable -LRB- total of 4 , one for me and a few for others who are in country -RRB- , had it brought to me because I live in Chile . Would n't function . Check the cable with my meter , and there are opens . In other words , it was broken when it was received . So were all the others that were purchased . Due to living in Chile , I cant return it nor can I get a new one . I must make this very clear , do not buy this cable . 4 out of 4 were bad , that 's not a great average .
 i bought this cable a long time ago , and it did not charge any of my controllers . so then the seller contacts me saying that they will send me another one if i take my first bad review off . well guess what they have not sent me anything . so here is your bad review again . THIS CABLE IS GARBAGE !! PLEASE DONT BE ENTICED BY THE LOW PRICE !! I bought the cable and everytime i tried to operate my controller with the cable , my ps3 would give me a message saying the controller was not connected .
 this product would n't charge my controller and only worked when it was plugged into my ps3 . I like the convinience it provided but the poing of a wireless controller is suppose to work without it plugged in all the time
 I ordered this and it arrived in a very timely fashion . It charged my controller perfectly fine once . After that it would not charge at all . It was a waste of money . Do not buy .
 I choose this rating because the charger did n't work at all . Basically , it pretends to charge and then disconnects . Its a defect .
 If you have any sense at all , you will not buy this item . They actually make the screen even worse . Even the stylus scratches them from just moving across the screen . This product is a load of you know what , and was a total waste of money . Listen to me and be happy
 The screen protector in this pack does not fit the bottom screen . It is too small . It does not cover the touch screen properly .
 this screen protector is pretty bad , I could n't make them attach on the screens tightly because there is no glue on them . What 's more , they are to tough to protect the screens . Listen to me , do n't buy them , or you will just waste your money !
 The order was received in the time and condition stated . However , the sticky tape could not be removed from the protectors which marred them and made them useless .
 The most obvious problem was not addressed
 i 've seen reviews calling rome
 There are a lot of things wrong with this expansion , only the most annoying of which I 'll mention . First of all , I do n't think the developers thought the whole horde-thing through . When you defeat a Hun army that you had reduced from God knows how many to only a few hundred , take their only remaining settlement , and then realize , by taking their last settlement -LRB- which they had just gained the turn before ! -RRB- , you had just given them a massive army that could wipe out your entire faction , you will be very angry , and understandably so.And then there are the bugs . There are a lot of bugs . I 've had the game for less than a week , and I 've had to reboot the game many times because infantry could n't get inside their own seige towers .
 Do not buy this game until they release a patch that solves the constant crashing . They are currently at patch 1.3 -LRB- which was designed to bring Rome up to the level of Barbarian Invasion , for multiplayer ... 1.3 is not a patch for BI -RRB- Many , many people who have this game are sufferring from crashing , if you are lucky you will have no problems , but very likely you will have.Note that I do not have any problems with any other games and also , Rome Total War works perfectly and has never had any problems whatsoever.Barbarian Invasion expansion however , crashes ALL the time.Having said all that , it is not a bad expansion -LRB- from what little I have played of it -RRB- . The original Rome
 Barbarian Invasion installation corrupted Rome Total War , requiring a complete reinstall . I did not include BI in the reinstall .
 A very enjoyable game . Do NOT download and install the newest patch , as it installs STARFORCE and the packaging does not include the STARFORCE cd key . I sent a high priority email to the company , and they have yet to provide me with a solution . Fortunately , with enough gumption , one can remove STARFORCE entirely from your computer , reinstall the game , and play the game unpatched . As above , it 's a bit rough , due to camera problems and just generally poor quality coding , but the ambiance is great and the game is really fun . Oh , one other tidbit , you have to trudge through a ton of conversations and A-B-A package-type quests before you get to any combat , and the game does n't allow you to save until you 've finished off a few baddies -LRB- you get save points each time you are victorious in combat , and need 10 to save the game -RRB- . This is a console-ish type of requirement , which never should have made it 's way over to the PC . The combat is really fun , however , and is fairly difficult on the medium difficulty setting.So , to recap , I give this one NEGATIVE points for customer service/ease of game saves/etc . , but 4 points for a really fun and intriguing game !
 Yes , I know this is 2011 -LRB- just barely -RRB- and this game is 5 years old . I did play the first Knights of the Temple , though , and enjoyed it quite a bit - it was a pleasant surprise how much fun it was , how good the graphics and sound were . Not a masterpiece but still very well done , and a lot of fun to play.KOTT 2 is , unfortunately , a very weak game . It starts off slowly -LRB- as you expect an RPG to do -RRB- , does n't pick up a whole lot , and regrettably , has a number of bugs and shortcomings , and some pretty gaping big errors.For example , even though the `` world '' is n't huge , it 's still big enough , with enough distinct locations , to be very annoying when you need to go in search of something specific . Unfortunately there is no way to highlight or otherwise draw your attention to persons / objects of interest , whether it 's a specific person you need to talk to to start a quest , or something you need to activate to make progress . You can either waste hours going through and talking to EVERYBODY to figure out the next step , or you can look it up online ; the game offers no hints.Another annoyance is that different characters you meet in the different areas may allow you to start a quest at one point but not at another . Following on the last criticism , this makes it extremely difficult to figure out what -LRB- if anything -RRB- you might try to do next ; talking to everyone you meet the first time through does not necessarily accomplish that for you.Now for the big stuff :1 -RRB- Bugs . The game will arbitrarily reduce the number of potions you hold when moving between levels . You may have 8 antidotes , but when you move between maps , you may only hold 2 on the other side . I read elsewhere that some were reduced to 3 or 4 ; this is inconsistent . But , arbitrarily removing inventory is not a desirable `` feature '' .2 -RRB- Logical errors . It is possible to play the game in such a way as you can no longer complete it , and there is no option to load a level or otherwise re-do . Meaning , you can completely , irrevocably hose your game without any hints or clues to avoid it . E.g. , in the Island of Dead , you enter the main area through a cave , and it collapses behind you . Once inside the main arena , there 's a secret passage you can follow out of the arena back to the beach , where you drop off the cliff to the beach . However , there 's no way to get back in to the arena . There is a `` boss '' in there ; you are supposed to get both the 10th black pearl and `` The Weapon '' , a fire sword , after beating the boss . If you fall into this logic error in the game you can not get past the First Gate . Others have reported that the merchant either in the pirate city or the Arab city can sell/make you a fire sword , but this is not the case ; apparently you must get the fire sword before any of the merchants will sell you another . There is nothing in the game indicating that you should n't follow the secret passage or that there is anything particular that needs doing before you do . You just go - and once you go , unless you have a recent save-game that has n't been overwritten , your entire game is knackered . Start over.Overall , the graphics are very low resolution even for a 2005 game -LRB- there are 2001 games with far sharper graphics -RRB- and the sound is poor . I know this game probably was n't a huge development effort but it 's disappointing even by the first KOTT 's standards.Fortunately , it 's hard to come by a copy of this game . If you do , turn the other way and run - save more of your life for other , better things , like watching grass grow , or chewing on rusty nails !
 This game was created by a completely different company than the first Knights of the Temple!Everything about this game pales in comparison with the first Knights of the Temple.Gamestyle - This is a boring RPG a la the old Nintendo gamesGraphics - More like 1990 's choppy blocky styleCombat - Again , more like the old Nintendo games , with very little swordmanship.Atmosphere - More like japanimation than medieval Europe.Also the game aims at attacking the Catholic Church , and glorifying the jihadists that were invading Europe during the middle-ages . ZERO STARS !
 Prisoner of Azkaban is the newest game in the Harry Potter series , and most likely , the worst.The graphics of the game are horrible , unless you have a very good video card . They come out slightly blurry.The spell challenges are very , very short , much like the ones in the first game , the Sorcerer 's Stone.Harry is now accompanied by his friends , who follow him . Everywhere . I could n't take two steps without running into Ron or Hermione.Pros : You get to be a dragon and rabbit in Hermione 's challenge.Instead of the four , normal challenges , you get six . There are three spell challenges , and then three finals.In Harry 's challenge , you get to freeze things . And the ice slide is FUN.More things to trade , instead of bertie botts beans.Cons : Bad graphics.Ron and Hermione are almost ALWAYS around.They got rid of Flipendo , which I really liked.It did n't follow the story line to well.There was not one trip to Hogsmeade.The school , in my opinion , was to big . I did n't like the scenery , either . I liked the first two games , much better.It 's a good game to get , in my opinion , but be prepared to be disappointed .
 My copy of the game did not work.It goes all the way through installation but once it gets to the menu it simply will not start , and it would not allow me to exit either . I eventually had to shut my computer down to escape the menu screen .
 I liked that the game has spells that you actually have to learn but the downside is my computer is too slow for me to play the game to the full extent of it .
 After buying and enjoying the first two games in this series , we were eagerly anticipating the arrival of the third installment . But , we were very disappointed . Game play was very short . We were able to go through the entire game in about a day.I 'd save your money and avoid this game . Hopefully , EA will do a better job with the next version .
 I agree almost completely with the review of darkgenius . Read that review . But darkgenius gave 4 stars while I give only 2 . Why ? Because it seems that no thought went into the game at all . There is nothing intense . Nothing challenging . Nothing surprising . Nothing to put you on the edge of your seat.The Chamber of Secrets game was infinitely superior , more innovative , longer , more intense , had a real storyline , and had a real climax . This new Prisoner of Azkaban game has none , despite the book 's being the best of the series and despite having access to the wonderfully dark and intense new movie.Boo .
 I had problems getting my microsoft joystick to work with this game -LRB- on PC -RRB- . So I contacted eagames help . They told me that it is simply not compatable with game controllers on PCs . A bit pathetic I think . Particularly after the problems before with XP incompatability with Philosopher 's Stone and given the clear profits to be made with the Harry Potter games franchise , I think it 's about time EAgames got their act together .
 So there is soooo many other cool item that EA could have included in this video game to make it even more fun , but no . Only 3 levels really of challenges and 3 final exams . It 's cool to go around finding the cards and secret password but other than that , they did n't do much of anything other than really really nice graphics . If you like the two previous games , you 'll be sad by this game .
 PROS -- Fun to find Many secret compartments , statues and other hidden things that give you beans to buy collectors cardsCONS -- The graphics arnt better than chamber of secrets-Hardly follows the real plot-In spellcasting , -LRB- which is most of the game -RRB- the computer chooses what spell to use and then all you have to do is click , making the game extremely boring and easy-You can beat the game in a few days and then its not fun to play anymore-Gets extremely boring and you wont want to finish the game anyway-Because of terrible spellcasting , most of the challenging parts are just puzzle-solving . Could be good or bad depending on who you are-If you dont have a near-new computer loading and saving can be VERY slow , and playing can sometimes be choppy
 After playing the Chamber of Secrets game I was really looking forward to this one coming out and I think I was one of the first to buy it , but there is no story to it and it is way to short and the challenges are way to simple . I am a 67 year old grandmother and had no trouble finishing the game . It just was n't fun . I was also annoyed at having three characters running around together . If you have n't played the Chamber of Secrets game , play that and you will see what I mean .
 this game was to short I beat it in 4 hrs.thats why I gave it 1 star for overall .3 stars for the funess because it was kind of fun .
 I had so much fun playing the first two games , Sorcerer 's Stone and the Chamber of Secrets . Each one was harder than the first . I was anxiously waiting for the Prisoner of Azkaban to come out !! I could have saved my money . It was a terrible game . Not one trip to Hogsmeade and before you know it , you have completed the game and ... nothing . The Bean Room is great and I 'm glad they do n't have so much flying . I did n't like the inside of the castle either . I will rent the next one before I buy it .
 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban could have been a mediocre game . There are some strong points , such as flying Buckbeak and great graphics , but there are so many things that are surpassed by the Chamber of Secrets that this game is at best only a vain attempt to live up the previous game . The story is almost entirely told not by the player but by the cutscenes have the same problem with the related movie
 is this game sexist ? think about it . one or perhaps the only mario game in which a female character is the protagonist and its all about how women are drive by emotion in contrast to regular mario games in which men are driven by power -LRB- - ups lol -RRB- . princess peach is limited to four emotions
 I waited to get enough money to buy this game and I was disapointed . I have had it for a week and it is n't getting better . Its like doing the same screens over and over.If you run out of emotion and need to use like say , fire . You have to start over.Get any other Mario game and you will be happy . But this is like a baby game .
 I purchased this game for my son to play on his DSi - It did NOT work on his system . We tried the game on a DS Lite and it worked just fine . So now I have a game that is of no use to my son unless he plays it on someone else 's older system . Really frustrating !
 I was expecting an RPG style game as most of the new Mario games are so I was disappointed that it was a platformer style game . I found the game play way too simplistic and offensively sexist . I mean , I thought it was kind of cool that she uses her emotions for powers but crying on vegetables to make them grow ?!
 they need age groups for ds games because this game is hard she wanted this bad and she gets frustrated she ca n't figure it out and hell eiother can i it is hard but being the princess instead of mario is a good change
 My daughter received this for Christmas ... she 's 8 , within 5 days of playing it she was bored . She had already finished more than 1/2 the game . Not challenging at all.Buy a different game !
 I would love to find something positive to say about this game , but I ca n't . I have been a Nintendo fan since the beginning and have owned every system and its mainstay games -LRB- yes , right down to a short time I had a virtual boy -RRB- . After playing this game , I am most likely switching to the PSP for this heralds the end of the GBA and the DS wo n't have internet for another year or so.I can outline the points in which this game failed to deliver : - The sound was inappropriate , poorly timed , and failed to hit an even volume . - The characters and storyline were weak at best . I do n't care about the winy main character and the plot lines are so contrived I feel that after a major head trauma I could still handle a storyline that asked me to interact more . - The ripping off of several major chains . Most `` far off '' towns are named after towns in final fantasy games . Most weapons shops are named after X-men characters . -LRB- Not to mention other agitating patterns , such as all main male characters names starting with the letter C -RRB- - The combat system is not as advertised . It is regularly referred to as being like Double Dragon . It 's not . It functions like a lame , 1 dimensional platformer and is laggy . Laggy!I could go on for quite a while , but I wo n't waste as much time of yours as this game has of mine . Suffice it to say that this game should be avoided at all costs . I was excited it was coming out and now I am sad I ever heard of it . I apologize to Nintendo for being so disappointed with a product on a system that I have enjoyed thoroughly until now .
 With an extremely clunky , unresponsive battle-system and one of the poorest paced and written stories I have seen , this game should not be nearly as revered as it is by its fanbase .
 This is the GBA verison and not PSP or PlayStation . This game , by its old graphics and poor redone voice-acting is not worth the price . The Playstation/PSP version has better voice-acting , cut-scenes and the graphics are MUCH better . That version also has the option of listening to the game sounds in a `` radio '' feature . This is a cheap , `` redone '' version without any of the original or additional features . The graphics are a cheap mixture between PS1 and SNES . The battle sprites the shape of the snes but the dumped colors of the PS1.As far as pricing goes it is a rip-off . This game can be brought at a MUCH cheaper price , but why buy this when the PlayStation version is better ? I literally brought this game used for 5 bucks . Plus often-times the game will `` slow '' down during battle , even playing on a DS Lite . Not to mention the annoying crayola bright-light graphics . The original is superb in the smoothness of the fighting . Why has the GBA been released as though the original game was a `` slow-down '' is a mystery.It is highly suggested to get the original game for SNES or the PSP port . Avoid this rushed , poorly redone version of a good franchise .
 `` Tales of Phantasia '' is the first game in the celebrated `` Tales '' series , and retrospectively this game shows that the series already had a lot of character going for it . The deconstructive elements of the plot , though more subtle than in later titles , are pleasant , showing the devastating reality of the doomed hometown and the `` conveniently orphaned '' teenage hero , as well as featuring one of the genre 's first sympathetic antagonists , Dhaos . The combat replaced turn-based battles with something a intentionally more akin to fighting games , and the soundtrack never seems to let up , almost always pushing a full intensity angle -LRB- the signature element of soundtracks by Motoi Sakaruba , who makes his debut here . -RRB- This is a good game , and I commend you for delving deep enough into this wonderful JRPG genre to be curious about it.But if you buy this particular version , prepare to have your curiosity punished . `` ToP '' when it first came out was really pushing the limits of the SNES . On that system , the game looks wonderful , but with this port , the game is punishingly bright , seriously overlit , and the graphical compression ... imagine how `` FFVI '' looks on the SNES , and how much worse it looks it looks on the GBA . Now imagine a game that looks much better than that , compressed much further than the GBA version of `` FFVI '' . Yeah , it 's pretty much a nightmare . The sound also takes a punch to the gut
 I have to be honest
 I think that this was an alright game . I know the graphics were a lot better on the PSP versiob than the previous versions of Tales of Phantasia.In the PSP version , I know that they have added some new content and some new skits . But , the game boy game is still a lot of fun ! Some of the game characters were pretty funny.The battle system was kind of difficult a little to handle . I did n't really like how the battle system was like . Other tales game seem to have much better battle systems.Overall , I really liked the story that the game had , and the characters each had their own personalities and good/bad qualities . Just like in the other tales games.The animation scenes were not very graphical , but as it was for the game boy , they did a nice clean job so far.At the end of the game , after beating the game , there is a gradeshop so that you can play the game over again with more added stuff you can buy in the gradeshop like the other tales games have.You can play the game on a harder difficulty and it will make it a more challenging game the second time you play it . Overall I give this game a 3 because of it 's great story and the characters I like . The battle system was ok , like I stated before , but it 's not as good comparing to the other tales games . Especially ones for the other consoles . But it 's a great 2D game .
 Fans of the classic King 's Quest series have been clamoring for a re-release compatible on today 's computers for a long time . Enter Sierra -LRB- Vivendi -RRB- , who 's ears clearly perked at the prospect of cashing in on a zero-effort package that their loyal fans would eat up anyway.There 's not a lot of good I can say for this package , except that it 's exactly what you expected , and little else . You get King 's Quest 1-7 , complete with a launcher that allows you to play these ancient gems in Windows XP , and you wo n't have to insert their respective CDs again . That 's all well and good.What you do n't get is a manual , which would have been nice seeing as they did n't bother to take the copy protection out of King 's Quest IV . You instead have to sift through PDF copies of all the games ' literature.Seeing as this is a relatively new release , it 's ironic that it 's just now Windows XP compatible , just as Vista is becoming the standard . To get it to work on XP , they used amateur 3rd-party software , which you can get for free on the internet . I experienced some annoying speech stuttering with King 's Quest 5-7 . If you 've got the games , do n't buy them again expecting something different.For a ` compilation , ' it 's sorely lacking one major thing
 I 've been counting down until I could get this release and could n't wait to play all these great games again . When I got it and started playing , it was fun but the disappointment kept mounting . Little things like no manuals -LRB- you have open a file and/or print them yourself ... not a big deal in itself , but come on Vivendi , quit being so cheap -RRB- and no case for the CDs -LRB- you just get twopaper sleeves -RRB- make the package look incredibly cheap and low quality . Yes , these are computer games from the 80s and early 90s , but this package could have been put together better.The graphics are the same as the originals , so I did n't expect any `` update '' there . I completed KQ6 and 1 with no problems , but KQ5 is annoying because you ca n't go back to text -LRB- or at least , I have n't figured out how -RRB- . The `` music '' overpowers what the characters are saying . Any of the problems you had with the previous games , such as difficult maneuvering , remain the same , which is to be expected.Overall I guess my disappointment comes from the fact that Vivendi COULD have made a really nice package with this , added some extras , beefed it up , included more information , stuff like that . Especially with how long it took to get this going . How many times was the release date pushed back ?? But no , it 's a bare minimim cheapo production . I know it 's only $ 20 , but still ... could have been a lot nicer.Still a must for any KQ fan and tons of fun to play , but I am ultimately disappointed with this product .
 I am a huge fan of this series . When I found out they were releasing all the games for XP I was extremely happy . However , King 's Quest 7 has a problem in chapter 5 with the firecracker exploding when it is picked up causing an endless loop and forcing you to restart the entire game . This was only a problem on XP with the previous game and I expected it to be fixed on this release . However , when I got to that point in the game I picked up the firecracker AND IT EXPLODED RIGHT AWAY . I could not believe this . The whole point of this release was to port the games to XP and they did n't even do that properly . This was a known problem and they did n't even fix it . This makes me extremely catious of buying anything from Vivendi in the future .
 My gripe is about KQ6 . One customer said that there were no differences between the cd and disk versions . This information is false . At the time of its origional release , I was fortunate to have a high end computer -LRB- for its time -RRB- that was able to run the Windows CD version of KQ6 which had much better graphics and Character Illustrations . I was beyond upset when I found out that this was nothing but the DOS version . I bought this to play the windows version that to my knowlage does not work in any way on any OS past win95 -LRB- maybe 98 -RRB- . Those who have played and have been waiting to play the Windows CD version will be very upset .
 I enjoyed King 's Quest 7 years ago , and was looking forward to playing it again with WindowsXP . Unfortunately , this is a flawed and buggy copy . There is a fatal error in level 5 that prevents progress in the game beyond this point . Also , the screen size is quite small and ca n't be resized , and only your current game can be saved - multiple saves are impossible . Inexcusable quality control in the conversion of a rather simple game to XP format .
 I used to play these games as a child , so I was so excited when I stumbled across the collection . The picture quality is terrible , the colors are completely messed up and the images are shown via vertical lines . At first I though it was my laptop , until I googled the issue and found it was standard . If you follow the steps to fix the color you ruin the running speed of the actual game play . DO NOT buy this product , you 're better off buying the original games .
 Because of vivendi shutting down kqix I will never buy one of there games ! in fact the most devoted fans to the kings quest series have promised never to buy another vivendi game again because of there greed ! And because of this they will lose millions and millions if not billions of dollars ! millions of fans around the world are turning there back on vivendi because of this ! visite this site for more info -LSB- ... -RSB-
 poor quality , out of box you can only play KQ7 . almost useless very dispointed that they even sell this game as it is .
 I just loved these games back in the days!I loved all the nice colours and they tought me English ! But this Collection is a huge load of crap on a WIN .7 machine !!! Sorry as can be but there seem to be no future for all these beloved SIERRA Adventures that have cought the hearts and minds of so many a people !!! VIVENDI GAMES just doesent not know what a goldmind they have to start making HD remakes ??? DO THEY ??? OR CANT THEY ??? VIVENDI PLEASE LET US HAVE OUR FUN AND YOU WILL HAVE YOUR INCOME !!!
 I bought the new version of the games because I could n't get any sound using the old version made for Windows 95 . This new collection is a huge disappointment , especially considering how long they pushed back the release date . This collection does not include both versions of King 's Quest I -LRB- the original and the remake -RRB- . It also does n't include any of the bonus games released with the earlier collection -LRB- Colonel 's Bequest , Dagger of Amon Ra , etc. -RRB- . Overall , a waste of money . I 'd stick with the previously released collection .
 I purchased Space Quest , Kings Quest and Leisure Suit Larry for the husband . Like the others , Kings Quest was not enhanced in any way which is a shame . With all the technology today they could have done a little enhancement . In any event , the graphics look terrible on larger monitors and is simply not worth the money . Think twice before buying the game , if you do n't mind very poor graphics -LRB- which by the way makes it difficult to play -RRB- then go for it .
 The games are released as is , and for an as is product you should beable to get it as freeware or the amaturish remake . Even the DOS BOX emulator that comes with it can not be opened without a file which you must risk downloading from a third party site , . rar files do not open by themselves you know . Like Vivandi , Microsoft is too chincy to develope internal download programs for this job -LRB- as easily as they could -RRB- . Vivaldi compounds this afrustration by not even putting the install program in for the job . You can not run these games with out the emulator and you can not use the emulator as it is unopened and zipped up thighter than Paris Hilton 's jeans.four stars for `` fun '' of confounding waste of time trying to config it without getting a virus '' two for crapola quality of compatiblitiy and it requires XP despite not being able to work IN it ! Also King 's Quest 6 does not include the enhanced windows version which has the better grapics in portraits and animaetoins . Who works for Vivandai again ???
 I expected this to be the old game stories , but re-done with nicer graphics . Unfortunately it was only the really old Apple Computer games , which ca n't even use a mouse , and require you to write in what you want the character to do . Plus , it takes forever for the guy/girl to even move across the screen . It did n't say Anywhere on the box that it was the old game just put on a CD . I still have those on floppy discs somewhere . I would n't have had to buy this if I just wanted the old ones !! Stacy > ^ . , . ^ <
 Can not say of this is a good game or not as it will not work on my windows 7 computer , can not use product .
 Crashed XP service pack 3 . Made me need new computer . Never got a chance to play this . Not worth a dime .
 What a pathetic product ! All they did was repackage the series , exactly as they were . Works on Windows XP ? Yes , but only because they included an OUTDATED version of DOSbox , a DOS emulator , on the CD.It should be noted that DOSbox is a free download anyways , so if you already own the games , you have NO reason to buy this . You are getting nothing new.I 'm very disappointed . I had expected them to actually put some work into this . Instead , all they did was slap everything together and used some else 's work to claim WinXP compatibility . Pathetic.I suppose if you do n't own copies of the original games , this might be worthwhile . If you do have them , do n't waste your time with this . -LSB- edit -RSB- Let me clarify
 I loved this game as a child and I spent many hours playing it . I was incredibly excited to be able to play it on my Laptop . OOPS they didn ; t update any of the drivers for the first two games -LRB- Kings Quest 1 & 2 -RRB- so after about 15 minutes of playing you ca n't see the screen due to all of the graphic errors . There are no patches available as of yet and it dos n't look like any are on the way . I feel pretty ripped off . It says on the cover in big print . `` Runs on Windows XP . '' Barely , and not very well when it does . If you are interested in this game check to see if Vivendi has done any patches before you buy it or you will be disapointed . Better yet download one of the fan-made editions for free online . They work .
 I remember the King 's Quest series with fondness . It was the first set of games I had for my first computer . I played it over and over again . I loved the fairy tale aspect.I was ecstatic to get it when Sierra released it for XP systems . But I just wish they had actually fixed the games to work with today 's graphics cards and processors . Having my graphics at the lowest level , having to play in a window instead of full screen , having the timing go way too fast for the game -LRB- I do n't know how to describe it , but a character has to carry a firecracker to a tomb . But my processer is so fast , the character would blow up immediately each time she picked it up -RRB- . It was all too much and I wound up uninstalling it . There 's only so much frustration I can take.I loved the games , when I had an older computer . Now , they just do n't work for me . They may work for others , but for me , King 's Quest will have to stay a memory .
 As other reviewers have said , this product `` runs '' on Windows XP - if you download an additional program to allow it to run . The KQ6 is the original version rather than the more attractive second version , which was disappointing . The games are worth playing mostly for sentimental value , and they are fun , but this is n't the best release of these games .
 I was a huge fan of Kings Quest , and getting this for Christmas was so excitting , even though we could only get KQ7 to work , because it was my favorite . Then I got to chapter 6 and keep dying from a firecracker and ca n't finish the game . No support , no answers as to why . I really hoped this would be a ton of fun , but I 'm running into nothing more than walls now .
 Disappointing . I remember playing this when it first came out . Now , I can not save a game anywhere ... something is wrong .
 I love adventure games and own all the originals from Sierra and LucasArts . But alot of them do n't run under XP , so I was really glad to see this title in the store . But it only runs on my XP Service Pack 1 computer , which is six yrs . old and only used for the Internet . Why was it only made for SP1 ? Usually I have a hard time getting stuff to run on SP1 because its made for SP2 . I have a SP1 computer , a SP2 computer and a Vista computer , and they 're like three different operating systems . Maybe next time , I 'll buy a Mac ...
 DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE AN OLD SYSTEM !!! I loved these games back when they came out ! I wanted to play them again . . however , they are not compatible if you have a Windows system . only KQ7 works enough to actually play . i am so sad !
 I was ecstatic when I originally saw the collection with the `` Runs on Windows XP '' banner on the box . I have been a fan of Roberta Williams ever since I first played King 's Quest back on a 286 computer . I looked forward to being able to play all of the King 's Quest games on my XP computer , especially KQ6 . I 've found many other classic games that were redone in a truly Windows-compatible manner -LRB- such as using DirectX -RRB- , so I expected the same from this collection . However , I was deeply disappointed once I installed everything.To start with , no manuals are included in the box . Almost all of Sierra 's DOS adventure games required the manual to get past copy protection . Since Activision packaged up the original DOS versions , the copy protection is still there . Also , the manuals provide additional information regarding the games . So , the choices are to either dig through the PDF manuals each time , or just go ahead and burn some ink to print out a hardcopy . The downfall of this is that the original manuals were much more compact , better-looking , and just plain fun to have . I would 've paid an extra $ 10 to see manuals included . There are many of us who can no longer find our originals.The biggest problem is that it was a sloppy release . Instead of being a Windows remake , the games are the original DOS versions and are run inside of an open-source DOS emulator . The one they used was still early in development , so many problems were present . Also , the configurations for each game need tweaking by hand -- not something for the casual user . To figure out how to resolve a certain problem , one has to rely on community forums . Even though my XP system uses name-brand components , I never could get this to work correctly -LRB- bad graphic glitches , speech studdering -RRB- , so I shelved it for a couple of years.I plan on revisiting it using both XP and Vista systems , except this time I will download the newer version of the emulator from the source . It has been 3 years since this collection was released , so the emulator has had improvements . If you are adept with a computer and are able to tweak the emulator configuration , this is a nice collection to have . However , this just does n't cut it for the average casual gamer .
 One of the first games that I ever played on my Tandy 1000Ex in the late 1980 's was the original Kings Quest . I fell in love with the series and from that point on a common Christmas present for me was acquiring Parts II , III , IV and V when they came out . Unfortunatly I still had the old Tandy when Part V came out and I had to purchase a new computer to enjoy the game.Since I played these games since I was a kid I feel that I have some idea about it and a lot of feelings towards this series . The truth is I love it and over the years I 've used various programs to play my old games on Windows XP . This release disappoints me for several reasons which I will list here :1 . The original version of Kings Quest 1 is not available on this release . That ruins this entire box set becuase the interface between the remade version from 1990 and the original Kings Quest 2 -LRB- both of which are included in this box set -RRB- is so different that it ruins the flow of the games . Including the original version would have take up very little space on the CD 's and made this a complete set . This is akin to owning a set of movies an owning all of them except for the first film . The first movie is almost always the best one . I think it was a mistake to do it in this fashion .2 . I do agree with many reviewers on Amazon that this set needed to include the other games which were included in King Quest Collection 2 . That a big disappointment .3 . Booklets and extras . The best thing about the old versions of Kings Quest was that you got a nice box , nice booklets and information about the series . The fact that that did n't even take the time to reprint one of the old booklets is very unfortunate .4 . I did n't care for the box art . It was a poor take off of the original box of Kings Quest III .5 . The copy protection in Kings Quest IV and V was never removed . Granted it would have been difficult to edit the games I think it would have been nice if it was n't present .
 I played the heck out of the police quest series as a teenager . When I saw this box set on Amazon I just had to pick it up . Somehow I had forgotten just how annoyingly difficult these older games can be ! Do n't get me wrong , I still appreciate these games for what they are , but I much prefer modern gaming over these dinosaurs . Still I 'm glad I purchased this item . Sometimes you forget just how far along games have come , and a product like this will make you appreciate your Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto that much more !
 Police quest 1 is not the original version . It 's a remake of the original . Nothing like the original . Wish I did n't waste my money .
 It 's probably a great game . The problem is that when it was put onto CD-ROM , it would have been nice to have the Police Quest Manual attached , Instead it comes complete with manuals for Kings Quest and Space Quest , but not Police Quest ! As the game 's copywrite protection has clues in the manual it renders the game absolutely useless.I will be returning the game back to amazon and do n't recommend anyone purchasing it until they get this mistake sorted out as you are wasting your money .
 It is n't as if the technology is n't available either ... the game just really lacks on all sides ... story line is off , graphics are low tech for this day and age , and the animals move like stick figures at best ! What is worse is ; the game is a SUPER BAD take off of the Cabela 's series ! I was nearly offended for Cabela games!Best I advice I can give perspective buyers is
 I am not used to playing a game where I can not save the game right where I am . I have never been able to see if I can reach a point where I can save any part of the game . I do n't have the time to sit and play all day to find out . Not a product for me .
 Its an okay game . Manual needs to be more detailed , there is no clue how to operate the ATV , it can get stuck on a slight slope . I wished it had the ability to save at ANY point / ANY time in the game . Its still new to me , but it seems you can only save between hunts . In other words , one needs to complete a hunt in order to save at that point , ca n't seem to save at any other point .
 Do Not Buy this is you have Windows 7 !!! I ordered this for my daughters to play on the computer , so I do n't have to sit for hours and play monopoly . It does n't work with windows 7 and froze the computer multiply times . Also , the CD is required to play the game , so only one of my girls could play the game at a time.I am very disappointed with this product and wish that it was stated somewhere that it is outdated and can not be used on newer computers .
 Just do not bother the worst shooter I at least thik so.I quickly uninstalled .
 This is my sixth Hoyle slataire game and by far the poorest . The graphics are terrible . It 's so poor I do n't play it . I went back to my 2005 very worn game .
 This game is not what I thought it would be . I was looking for the standard Las Vegas solitaire and even though this game has lots of different versions of card games , I have n't found the game I wanted yet . The instructions for each game are a little vague also .
 Hoyle Solitaire is n't what I had hoped for . Yes , it has lots of different solitaire games , just not the one I wanted and was my reason for purchasing this item .
 I contacted the seller , due to the fact that I ordered Ice age the meltdown for my son xbox . When my son opened his present on Christmas it did n't work for his xbox 360 . That 's when we realized that the product is for the xbox and not the xbox 360 , so I contacted the seller and they said they could not reimburse me for the product because my son had opened it . So I said well I just received this product on 12/23/09 obviously it 's still a new game . They responded in a very nasty email -LRB- how unprofessional -RRB- , saying it was my error bla bla bla . I will never order from hitgaming ever again.Angelina Santiago
 Will not load after installation . Product description says it supports Windows XP . I am running 64-bit Windows 7 , which is likely the problem . My recommendation is that you should not purchase this product if you have a 64-bit OS .
 This product is a bit outdated , but still kind of works on Windows 7 . My 3-year-old son is having fun with it , but does n't quite understand how to accomplish each game yet -LRB- still learning the reading part -RRB- . The graphics and usability are a flaky.The software was designed to run on Windows 95 - XP or Mac OS 8.6 - 9.2 . It has a copyright of 2002 and Amazon has carried it since 2001 . It has n't been updated for Windows Vista or Windows 7 . It does seem to run correctly under Windows 7 , but has a few graphical issues . The colors do n't render correctly and revert to using a 256-color palate , with the occasional wrong color -LRB- i.e. black instead of tan , etc. -RRB- . When it runs , it switches to its own graphics mode and goes full-screen -LRB- which is nice to keep children from accidentally clicking outside of the program -RRB- . One of the things I really did n't like is that it requires the CD to be inserted in the drive all the time in order to run . CD 's and little kids do n't mix very well . Fortunately , I figured out how to get it to run without the CD -LRB- read below -RRB- . What I do like about the software is that it has an entertaining story line -LRB- and cartoon -RRB- that grabs the attention of little children , and it 's very educational . It is very well structured , despite being outdated . My 3-year-old son was able to quickly figure out how to navigate the menus and pop in and out of activities . The software seems to be entirely mouse-driven , but they do make it somewhat easy with a huge pointer -LRB- although the clickable regions should be a bit bigger -RRB- . This includes two CD 's
 Very frustrated that it says on the package that it should work on OSX but it does not .
 # 1 does n't work on Windows 7 # 2 totally amateurish , low quality graphics -LRB- I installed it on an old Windows OS inside VMWare -RRB- # 3 not much here for kids to learn # 4 my 5 year old got bored with it in 30 minutes ; never used it againTotal waste of time .
 Not compatible with MAC 's OSX even though it says it is . And according to the support website , they are not responsible blaming Apple for the problem .
 Tried several different computers and it loads about 15 % and stops . There is just no tech support . They recommend searching the web for answers !
 This game wo n't work on any PC or MAC . I wish I would 've read the reviews first . I want my money back !
 I downloaded the game to my computer , and still had to use the disc . No big deal really , but then it started freezing my whole computer and it was a mess ! I returned it for a refund , but then they charged me a RESTOCKING FEE for something that DID NOT WORK !!!! the couple times that we used it , the games and activities seemed fun and educational , but it just didnt work -- defective CD 's or program I am not sure , but please be aware that amazon did charge me a restocking fee for this item
 I 've purchased other Reader Rabbit CDs and have been very pleased but this I can not get this particular CD to run on my computer . The seller has very rigid refund guidelines and their guidelines say they do n't accept refunds on open software or software that does n't run on laptops . What a bummer !
 As with several reviewers I can not load this on a Mac with OS 10.6 . The installers says that it needs a `` Classic Environment '' - that 's more that a decade old ! I recommend that Amazon pull this item or put in a product warning for Mac users .
 we installed this a few times and each time the graphics would black out after only a few minutes of `` play '' . and the structure of how to get through this program was really confusing . i would n't recommend it .
 sellers just states windows and mac o.s. but the product does not work with windows 7 or mac o.s. x so it was a double whammy for me would not work on my acer or mac
 I really wish they would update the description on this . I was really looking forward to using this with my kids , but it does not work on my Mac like it says it does . Very disappointed , now I have to go through the hassle of sending this -LRB- and 4 other games I purchased -RRB- back . What a pain .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM ! This is by far the worst program I 've ever seen . For starters , it is n't compatible with anything newer than windows XP . It will run on the mac , but only certain parts of the program , like `` printable activities '' . The only plus about it is that I did n't lose to much money . DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM !
 This and all reader rabbit series do not run on any Intel based mac . In other words if you bought your computer in the last 5 years or so it will not work . Also , it does not work on the more recent G4 computers . I have several macintosh computers and the only computer that this software will work on is over 10 years old . BTW just because these disks say OSX does not mean it will work . What it should say is OSX -LRB- in classic mode emulation -RRB- which has been phased out in macs for the past few years . Oh ... . and the company does not respond to emails . This product is not work the effort .
 I bought this software and it wo n't load to my computer even after I follow instructions on the cd and on their website . my kid was disappointed as he is used to software working right from the box . this is a waste of money .
 I have no idea how the game actually plays as it would not load . So buy it at your own risk . If you can make it work let me know .
 It is shameful that this product is still being sold.Only works on windows XP , which has not been shipped on computersfor years .
 I ordered this software for my 3 YO . It does n't work . I 've loaded on 3 different computers and it does n't work well on either computer . The complimentary disk skips -LRB- my son says it has an ouchie -RRB- and there 's a bug in the main disk . When it comes on , it immediately goes out ... . Do n't waste your money .
 I was hopping to get a game that would be as good or better then playing on line what a let down . It is noise in a bad way . The games are very limited and not at all like what you find in real life or online . Seeing that video poker is in the name I thought it would more type of poker like multi-hand poker but no such luck . I 'm just happy that I did n't pay more the $ 0.25 for it .
 All of the slots and poker machines in this game are more-or-less the same thing , just different pictures . There are none of the multi-reel video slot machines , and there is no multi-hand video poker . Save your money and get Hoyle Casino 2008 instead - it has a better selection of slots and video poker , plus all the other casino games to boot .
 I bought the video for the poker and it had no poker . Slots are a no brainer activity on the video .
 There is not a `` no-limit '' option , the `` tutorial '' constitutes them telling you what they think you should do -LRB- no explanation as to why ... difficult to learn from -RRB- . The software has glitches .
 This Texas hold 'em game does not stand up to its ' reputation . I am very disappointed at the size of the game on the monitor , it is very small .
 Game is to slow , cant raise , and player bets are to small . This has to be the worst Texas Hold Em , game out there , I would not recommend this to may worst enemy .
 It 'd be wonderful to have a computer game version of the board game Diplomacy , but this game is unplayably buggy.Even with the latest patch -LRB- v1 .1 -RRB- , the tutorial messages have spelling mistakes and odd characters in them . The rotation and scrolling of the game board are choppy and does n't work properly . The avatar animations are silly and repetitive , but disabling them makes it impossible to do negotiations . At startup , the entire screen goes black for about 60 seconds before coming back up to the entry menu . And there 's many , many other bugs.I own several Paradox Interactive games and often find them to be buggy , but this one is unplayable . I give it two stars instead of one only because I desperately hope the next patch gets this game to the point that it is usable.It really would be fun to have a computer version of Diplomacy , but this attempt by Paradox is too buggy to play .
 If I could give this PC game a lower rating , I would . Paradox Interactive has dropped the ball and is selling a catastrophe for $ 40 . This is n't just a bad game , it 's bad software outright . The poor user interface renders this PC adaptation simply unuseable - failure at almost every turn . But do n't let these reviews fool you , the board game is wonderful -LRB- buy it instead or search the internet for a free Diplomacy software -RRB- . For a review I mostly agree with , go here : http://pc.gamespy.com/pc/diplomacy-2005/665958p1.html
 it had great promise ... but , alas alak , after spending a few hrs learning the tutorials and reading the manual , and having a few minutes of winning ... it started showing what the other reveiwers c/o ... multiple bugs , screw ups , frustratingly getting frozen , not allowing the player to make his moves during a turn , not alowing a easily readable playing interface ... not letting you see what a fellow 's treaty proposal is/was ... i finally got so upset , i broke the CD and tore the box and manual into smll peices ! i may not buy another avaon hill comp game in a long while !
 Yet another game apparently written without any concept of how do build a stable , reliable application . You 'll do better to download just about any free game from the Web . Avoid !
 What a crappy game . All the other reviews have pretty much spelled out the plethora of problems with it . If you 're looking for a good strategy game -LRB- what I was hoping for -RRB- try Rome
 Very buggy , very slow , poor graphics , the list goes on ... By far the worst game I have ever purchased . Paradox should be ashamed of selling this garbage.Thank god I only spent $ 10 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Buying fast food would have been a better investment !
 This product has too many bugs in it to make it playable . When you 're going against AI , and one of the players sends you a treaty , you do n't even get to see what they 're proposing . You 're just supposed to say yes or no . I would n't do that in real life , would you?Combat does n't move smoothly either . They only time there 's no problem is when you move into an empty territory , otherwise it gets choppy . The avatars can get annoying , and you ca n't get support on it from Paradox 's website , just a forum to leave a message in ? What about a patch ? The other site address on the box does n't come up with anything.I should have heeded the other reviews and skipped this game . Learn from my mistake .
 It sounds fun but it is n't worth one cent . Computer players are horribly and annoyingly stupid especially in alliances . The game is so limited that you could do know everything about it with just one play , this could never be worth 20 $ or at least they should have put more effort into the game .
 I play the board game and enjoy it . I have played the old PC game and found it useful but not particularly challenging . When this game came out , I was eager to get it . I have spent two sessions trying to get through all the set-up and directions and find them laborious at best . It promises good features , but I have n't yet waded through all the muck to reach them . Since I 've already paid for it and I enjoy Diplomacy , there will probably come a day when I try again to get it up-and-going , but probably not today .
 You people really need to leave the console games.This game is everything I hate about them.And who cares what it looks like if it 's all meaningless , how is visuals meaningless in this game?Well think about it , most of the time you are using your radar to see if enemies can see you or not , so looking at the main screen is an OPTION , that 's not even my opinion , because it 's a fact in this game.And you ca n't even use your mouse to look around ; you do n't use your mouse at all in this game.I was trying to configure the controls before I started this game , using my mouse to scroll down . . Ok why not just lockout the mouse controls all together , when you ca n't use it when playing the game anyway.I wanted to pull my hair out.Play Half Life , any series does n't matter it is a thousand times better than this.If you want a game for your kids where you do n't have to kill people then play Thief , your encouraged not to kill anyone in that game.And they have the gull to ask $ 160 for this game ? I want my money back !
 Why only two stars ? PHYISICS , it 's what makes or breaks a game . in the original , taking my mustang around a sharp corner at 140 MPH . would result in a spin-out and a lot of damage . in the secont release , you could take a two story bus at 140 MPH . around a sharp corner and not even tip it . trust me it 's not as fun , when all cars have super glue on their tires . why ? because its more exciting to push a car to or past it 's physical limits like in every man 's fantasy . the original game has a little meter called realism . where as this one does not . right in between simulator and arcade style made that game fun . this game has less realism than mario kart ! if you bought the orignal , do n't buy this one , you will be disgusted . but if you have not had any expereience , than buy it . also - if you have children they will love this game , because it 's lack of realism -LRB- fish tails , spin outs , loss of controll etc. -RRB- are non-existant . and all of the other cars act like they are baloons . i hit a semi with a vw bug at 80 mph and launched it into the air , and lost 20 mph.THIS GAME IS NOT A ADITION TO THE SERIES , IT 'S A RE-MAKE . Make your decision carfully , once open it ca n't be returned .
 Well to start off the graphics are terrible . There so boxy and have no detail whatsover , even when i run it on the highest resolution . The controls are nice , but the gameplay sux . I want to just wanted to drive and mess around in the city , but right when i push the gas the cop gets on me for no reason which get 's really annoying after about ... 10 seconds . And the street lights do n't work correctly , when the light turns green the cars do n't always go . If you like games that are boring and full of many errors that could have been easily avoided , then i guess you like this game
 i wasnt gon na write a review but after i saw how many people gave 5 ' to this game i had too . this game ... if you like car games dont buy this one this a n't a car game at . all it has is cool cars but they dont drive like cars and the object of the game is stupid . you can knock over almost anything and the bullet holes in your car window im not gon na say no more its a waste of my time . if you wan na a game like this but better and you have ps2 just get midnightclub same thing but way better .
 Midtown Madness offers a good , fun engine in wich you 'll spend some time driving through two real-life scenarios . Period . If you are looking for a game for your kids , this is it . It 's good enough and fun enough to keep a child happy . You will feel like playing Mario Kart in a city , without the weapons , but with real cars.Now , if you are looking for M A D N E S S , any Carmageddon series game if a better offering ; even the mid-90 's version . They all have better graphics with highly textured polygons , better soundtracks -LRB- the second one had Iron Maiden -RRB- , much more interactivity -LRB- wreck the cars , the stage , and other cars -RRB- , better scenarios that incluide highways , gasoline stations , parks , rivers , and toxic wastelands , to name a few , interesting power ups that go from `` Gravity from Jupiter '' and a Knight Rider-like jump to engine upgrades and , of course , the series trademark
 I truly enjoyed the original version -- I did NOT enjoy this one . Basically , it 's the same game as the original , repainted in a different color . You get more of the same stuff , except it includes adaptations to other cultures . Other than this , swordsmen still do what swordsmen did before , likewise with archers , catapults , priests , etc. . The farmers are just as annoying to manage as they used to be . There are some ** minor ** cute additions , but for the most part , IT 'S THE SAME OLD STUFF . Worse
 Wo n't work on my computer -LRB- Win XP Pro -RRB- . OS , video drivers , directX and game are all up to date . Crashes when I start it . Ca n't make it work under Wine on Linux either .
 Everyone loves this game yet everyone seems to hate it for all the same reasons and it 's a shame really . Crimson Skies was like a soon to be star standing in the wings waiting for it 's big break but when it hit the stage and stood in the lime light , it choked and fell flat on it 's face in the worst possible way . What a disappointment it was to load Crimson Skies and have my jaw instantly hit the keyboard for all it 's quirky and wonderful audio/visual treats , the voices , the music , the design , the brilliant colors and the trees -LRB- my God the trees ! -RRB- , only to have my guts turn while I listened to the hard drive in my Compaq PII 450 mhz system grind and groan and crackle for what seemed endless minutes as it struggled with a simple drop down menu . And lets not even get into the nearly three minutes it took to just exit the game . Oh , I have the onboard tools to run it , ATI Rage Fury Pro 32mb board and 128 sdram but it seems it does n't matter what your running , a 350 , 750 or even 1000 mhz system , you 'll simply end up spending much more time waiting to exit menu screens or load levels then you 'll ever spend playing the game . And even after an exhausting hour on the phone with our patient friends at Microsoft Tech Support , tinkering and tweaking my system , I gained very little satisfaction , although the frustration grew with the fact that this absolutely brilliant concept , wrapped up in probably one of the best designed packages ever to hit store shelves was so horribly flawed that it squeezes the very life out of what could of have been one of the best games of the year if not ever . If I were to rate this game on sheer fun , excitement and originality , there 's no question it earns a solid five stars , but the endless waiting for those brief brilliant moments when I actually got to scream through amazingly detailed billowing clouds and over Crimson Skies ' breathtaking landscapes made me just walk away , shaking my head , muttering to myselfwith great disappointment , `` so close and yet so very far '' . Maybe someday they 'll find the silver bullet patch that will redeem this worthy title , if not , it runs the very real risk of going down in software history as the Heaven 's Gate of PC gaming . Here 's to hopping that does n't happen .
 The graphics are great , the flight model is a supurb example of how a completely arcade game should play , and all of the options are wonderful . Why then , one star ? Every other mission -LRB- sometimes I can manage two in a row -RRB- , after I 've completed it , I get crashed back to the desktop w/o an error message . Microsoft support of course , knows nothing of the problem . Perhaps it 's my computer -LRB- a P4 1500 w / a Geforce 2 -RRB- , as noone else really mentions this problem , but this has made an otherwise 5 star game unplayable .
 This was one of the games that I had been really looking forward to this year , and sadly I have been disapointed . The underlying game concept was very cool ; alt history air-piracy action with the ablity to customize planes and missions should have made Crimson skies a classic . Indeed when I first got the game I was blown away by the stunning grafics which were far better than thouse in MSCFS . Then I noticed the games extreamly bad quality of work that basically ruined the game . It has numerious bugs , for example in the basic version of the game if customize a plane for use in the `` instant action '' scenarios it erases your any campaign missions that you have completed , there is a patch for this that you can down load but something like that should have been caught befor the games realese . The other major bug is the tendecy for memory leaks to crash the game in a manner that forces you to use crtl + alt + delete to reboot your computer -LRB- it screws up your video settings otherwise -RRB- . When you add this to the games habit of taxing system resourcs to the limit on even the fastest machines and the rather choppy frame rate you have a real looser of a game . In short Crimson Skies can be sumerized in seven words ; good idea , bad execution , terrible quality control . My advice is save your money and get CFS2 instead .
 I bought this software because I like to practice gambling strategies on my computer before I go to Las Vegas . With a name like IGT backing it I figured it to be great . It 's not even up to pathetic . The slots portion is less than great and pay outs can not be real even after their patch . It 's useless for trying to figure strategies . Since it is IGT the displays look authentic but who cares about that?The video poker is mediocre and you would be much better getting some of the other products -LRB- Ex . Bob Dancer 's program -RRB- that reflect a more accurate card strategy.My biggest gripe is with the blackjack . The maximum bet is limited to $ 1000 which eliminates a few different strategies . The help/betting windows are glued to one area on the field making it VERY inconvenient to move them out of the way and the speed at which the hands are played makes it nearly impossible to see what happened . If your eyes are glued to the fast card turning of the dealer , you have no idea of the result . Speed control or atleast results viewing is on the cheapest of software , but these people decided to omit it all . The online strategy cards are fine , but you can buy them for a couple bucks from most gambling supply stores.I hate the fact that I have to leave the CD in my drive even though I have plenty of room on my hard drive to store all the needed files , but I guess they are afraid that someone will buy one copy and give the original to their friends . The vendor needs to get over themselves because the product is n't that great that people would want to steal it.Just to be fair , I put it way for a few months to see if I was judging it unfairly . I have to say that I dislike it more , now that I know what 's out there for competition.I wo n't say that this is complete junk , but you 'd think with a name like IGT backing the product it would at least be user friendly .
 A fun little game to kill time at the office , but not addictive . Play the game 4 or 5 times and you will see , this is it . No more levels , no more guns , no more targets , no more fun . One level only and it gets old quick . For the price you can find much much better games . Oh well maybe next time ?
 This game is so slow and not much action or fun . It needs some Better shooting scenes and a more diverse setup .
 It was not as good as I thought it would be . I have Hidden and Dangerous 2 and Hidden and Dangerous Sabre Squadron.And these games are great.But the Hidden & Dangerous Deluxe is really bad . It is hard to control the weapons and the soldiers .
 After playing Ubi Soft Sudoku this game does n't come close , the controls are not conducive to smooth game play . The gaming screen is very small the developers did not take advantage of the PSP 's large screen . Do n't even think of playing mahjong the tiles are tiny . Also when you flip to Black in playing chess , Black stays on the top ! When you play checkers , you have to jump all the pieces ; you can not hold back a piece for strategic position . When you create the jigsaw puzzle you have to keep manipulating the background color on the different boards so that you can place the necessary pieces . Yeah you get what you pay for .
 All of the write ups I saw before I bought this game neglected to say what games were included but I bought any way . The games are broken down to 5 catagories
 I went for this game as it works natively in Mac OS X. I already had a copy of Bridge Baron 13 which was great but ran in Classic mode . Having tried both I would strongly recommend Bridge Baron . Better Play . Wider range of options . Much more learning . 3D Bridge has better graphics but it does not provide you with a better tool for learning or playing.I have subsequently bought a copy of Bridge Baron 14 which runs on Mac OS X. Fabulous software .
 Geez . Over and over after the bidding by your computer partner is done you find ... we had a cold slam . This game is so terrible that I trashed it . I trashed it after seeing three small slams underbid . And my partner never responded correctly to cue leads . Yuk .
 They should have spent more time learning the game instead of wasting it on graphics .
 This is a neat little product . My only dislike however is they do n't stay true to the original versions too well . One that they cut like half of the theme song , and put that cutup of the theme song before each episode ! i know they probably did it to fit the cartridges capabilities , but this makes me very disapointed by the production . i would rather of paid for 1 episode if i could get the full original theme , not the poor cutup that i got on this cartridge.The episodes are alright in quality , though unlike the VHS tapes -LRB- and probably dvd sets -RRB- there also was n't a '' who is that pokemon ? '' durring either episode . i wish i had known the two above flaws beforehand , but that 's alright.If your a true Pokemaniac then this probably is n't for you , but someone who is newer to the series probably would n't care so much .
 Warning ! This is not a game!Although Amazon.com lists this as a game , it is NOT a game ! It is video of two Pokemon cartoons . False advertising ! I 'm returning it tomorrow . Do n't be deceived like I was !
 Okay , before I start I will admit one thing , I am extremely critical of video game products.Do not purchase this item . The overall quality is very sub par . The construction of the case is very low . \ None of the accessories fit into their spaces -LRB- including the DS itself -RRB- . Why a game case for Game Boy Advance games is included , I do not know , either way it does not fit in the slot shown for it . With nothing to hold the game case down , the case is free flowing in the case , likely scratching up your hardware . The NDS has nothing holding it into place , so it will wobble within the case if one travels with it . Do not use the handle on the case , the NDS will fall out of its space and slide around in the case . The neck strap is pointless , to say the least . The game screen protectors were already scratched when the case was open , since they had nothing holding them in place , they just slid around inside , defeating their purpose . The seams of the fabric inside the case were torn and the corners were lifted.Really , the only accessory worth anything in this kit was the car adapter , which can be purchase for $ 9.99 . I returned this the next day and purchased a different case .
 My kids love the DS and I thought this would be a great addition . The padded cases they had worked better to protect the game itself . This one has no strap to secure it in place when the box is closed and it kind of bangs around in there . As for the `` game case '' to hold the $ 30-40 chips ... what a joke . It 's a chunk of plastic , no way to secure them within the case and it does n't have room for NEARLY enough . How about something to hold these things separately from each other and securely . Car adaptor was the only plus as far as I am concerned .
 I hear this kit is pretty bad.I used to collect spy toys -LRB- the company is Spy Gear -RRB- . I had a bunch of secret listeners . It had removable ear buds . I have like 2 I belive . They work great in my DS ! My friend tried the same thing only some other stuff wich was her Fly Pentop earbuds and her Scooby Doo Radio earbuds and they work great too ! About the DS cases I have a Nintendogs case and it was Nintendo certified and it is awsome ! Now those game cases . My friend has 4 game cases and they looked cool so then I went throught my house looking for somthing to use and I found a Barbie suitcase -LRB- since I have a million Barbie things -RRB- and it works great ! It can hold 2 GBA games , 3 DS games or 1 GBA game and 2 DS game ! I hear the Car Adapter works SO GET IT SEPARATE !! I hope this helped !
 As a general rule my son -LRB- who is 7 and has Autism -RRB- can not really play the Wii . The controls are pretty complicated on many games and require a coordination level he just does not have -LRB- fine or gross motor -RRB- . I picked up Cosmic Family thinking it would be perfect for him . I have to say it was a total bust.The hardest thing for him to do is to hold the Wiimote steady . That is precisely what this game requires . You are pointing and holding puzzle pieces and moving them into place in the puzzle . This actually requires a lot of fine and gross motor coordination . Kids that do very well with that should be fine . My son does play games on the PC that require this click , hold , release functionality but the mouse for the PC is more stationary and stable and he has no problem with it at all . The Wiimote is entirely a different thing altogether and we were frustrated to find out that this Wii Game -LRB- marketed for little kids -RRB- was not really any less frustrating then all the other Wii games which require too much control that most younger kids do n't have.Very disappointed in this game . I can say it was very cute -- the elephant was adorable and funny . But the gameplay was a disaster for my guy . I guess for him we will stick to his Playstation 2 games because the controls are far easier and do n't require such precision -LRB- he finished Go Diego Go for the PS2 in just a couple of hours -RRB- . I can not recommend this game for any child that has difficulty with the Wiimote functionality in other games . Its true it is not hard as far as content ... but , again , the Wiimote not being stable just made it unusable for us . I bought it used and was able to exchange for another game .
 I can not believe this game garnered more than two stars from anyone . I have a hard time believing the previous positive reviewers have actually played the game . I 'm more inclined to think they work for Ubisoft.I started my 4 year old on the lowest level & what a let down it was ! The controls , options and graphics are all very much lacking . It actually took me several tries to figure out what to do in many spots -LRB- ON THE EASIEST LEVEL -RRB- because the instructions/game play made no sense ! When you make a choice a window pops up on screen asking you if you 're sure this is what you wanted to do , but many times I did n't know what I had done to know if I wanted to do it or not . And we 're actually a pretty intelligent family here.My 11 yr old son was amazed at how poorly this game was designed . We were watching my 4 yr old play and it was unbelievable how little effort was put into game design . As you move around the family 's home you can click on different items & make something happen . Something very LAME . The fridge door opens & closes so fast when you click it you ca n't even tell what it was that just popped out!THE WORST PART of the game is that as a game aimed at small children it has some rather questionable parts . We all looked at each other in disbelief when my daughter wandered into the family 's kitchen . If you click on the stove , a new window opens and there you see mom & son baking . THE MOTHER OPENS THE OVEN & THE BOYS FEET ARE DANGLING OVER THE OPEN OVEN DOOR AS A FIRE ERUPTS . He is literally sitting right above the oven !!! What were they thinking ????? In another part of game play you click on the TV & this animated dance scene starts . It 's just person after person coming on screen dancing but some of the characters really left us scratching our heads . A handful of the female characters have incredibly large breasts literally bouncing all over the place ... one even has giant spirally things on her breasts , as if you could miss them !! I watched that a few more times trying to decide if I was seeing things or just over-reacting . Yes they 're clothed but still ... . what was the point of that ?? I 'm pretty sure one of the men grabs his crotch , although I could have imagined that part but I was too afraid to watch the whole thing again to see for sure . I seriously think someone at Ubisoft was trying to be funny & see if anyone actually paid attention to this game . Now , it IS almost worth buying the game to see if I 'm making this part up , I showed it to a few other adults who also just shook their heads ... . it 's something you 'd expect to see on The Family Guy , or some other adult oriented animated feature!Needless to say after a mere 10 minutes I was disgusted that I had wasted so much money on this game . I honestly thought `` well I could sell it on Ebay '' but I would n't want ANYONE else to be subjected to this pathetic excuse for a game . If you want a game for a little one Diego is a much better choice . It too could use a lot of work & leaves much to be desired but Cosmic Family was a cosmic letdown !
 2 short word
 The game is n't as good as it could have been . The things I do n't like are that the game does n't really change the enemies change but you still fight them all the same way . Even though there are 4 different kind of weapons which are spear , sword , two handed sword , and gauntlet they differ in only speed and strength the combos are a little different but not enough to make a big difference . Also there is no free roaming you stay in the game where it wants you to . Like I said the enemies change but for the most part the human enemies stat just the same other than they get more health and a new looking weapon they are still just the same . The game does however have some good points . The graphics are great . It takes place in Egypt before the scorpion king movie which is cool . The game had a good idea but it just gets kind of boring as you play or at least it did to me . The only thing in the game that is thrown in to keep you interested is Egyptian monsters like a Gorgon , Horous , and Anubis and some of his warriors . If you plan on buying this game rent it first to see what you think because even though I do n't like it , some people might like how nothing changes . This is for those who either like not having to get used to new things or really really like the scorpion king . -LRB- If you are getting this because you like the Mummy then I recommended that you get the Mummy Returns instead even to those who do n't have the reason the Mummy Returns has a better set up than this one -RRB- I hope this review was helpful for those who were n't sure about this game .
 First of all , this game sucks . this completley sucks . First of all the camera looks away from you when you are fighting . Plus using the analog stick is more complicated than figuring out how to explain your bad grades on your report card to your parents . Seriously , when u try to turn around it will just move foward . It would have been a better game if u could ude the D-pad . The controls are hard to memorize . Plus the camera dose n't help . The story and graphics are as horrible as the jokes in Full House . The rock looks like the skinny version of the blob.If you get this a gift from your parents , it means they hate you . But parents , if you want to punish your kid , make them play this game . Not enertaining at all . You 'll quit before you get to level 2 . With all the stupid stuff in this game , it wins the award for the suckiest game ever created ! Stay away from this game at all cost ! This sh*t is unplayable ! If u liked the movie , do n't buy this and by the f*ckin' movie instead ! 1 out of 5ok if u still dont understand , dont buy this game ! dont rent this game !
 Although the web page says game is for Windows XP , when I received it , the packaging says Windows 95/98 -- I do n't know if the web page is wrong or I was shipped the incorrect game -- either way , I have sent an e-mail about this and will post the response -- by the way , I will not eat the cost of return shipment as the game only $ 10 , also I am going ahead and loading the game to see if it will work but I still expect some sort of action from Amazon for posting incorrect info about the product .
 I had an awesome time playing all the old school games ! Made me almost get a mullet again!LOL ! BUT then after about week , my computer was running wierd , getting the blue screen of death , screen would freeze ... Didnt think any thing about this game.Gave it to my Aunt and after she loaded it her computer crashed ... The software , the CDROM was corrupt ... Just got a lemon of a disc ...
 I 'm writing this review to clear up any confusion regarding SD cards for the Nintendo Wii :1 . Any brand of SD card will work in the Wii ; more reliable brands like Sandisk will also be more reliable in the Wii .2 . There is absolutely NO DIFFERENCE between this card and a standard SD card from Sandisk , except for price . The only reason you should buy this over a standard 2 GB card is if you 're willing to pay about five times more for the `` Wii '' label -LRB- 2 GB Sandisk cards are about $ 6 on Amazon as of this writing -RRB- .3 . The Wii can support up to 8 GB cards , so go buy an 8 GB card for this same price if you want to spend this much . If SD cards that hold more than 8 GB are ever sold , the Wii will not support them unless Nintendo updates its firmware to do so .4 . IMPORTANT
 one , this product is not really required to get the most out of your wii like it says in the description . The wii comes with a built-in , albeit small , hard drive for game saves . The only reason to get a SD memory card is to save games you download from the wii store , and even then , you have to download them to your wii and then transfer them to your card . Once the games are transferred to your card , you ca n't play them until you transfer them off of your card and back onto your wii hard drive , so do n't be fooled . So after all of that , if you still want a SD memory card , do n't get this one . There are sales on these things every week at bestbuy or office max or circuit city or any electronics store you can name . This is overpriced because it is the only `` officially '' licensed card .
 Hey everyone . I just bought the Wii and read somewhere that you HAVE to use a Wii SD Card . So I was kinda ticked off about it consider how much they are.I recently bought a 2gig SD Kingston memory card for $ 2 online and I tried it out in the Wii.It works fine . You do not need to buy the Wii SD Card . Your just paying for the name . Any SD Card is fine.You can pick them up pretty much anywhere for really cheap . Especially right now due to the Holiday sales.I just wanted to share my results.Good luck gaming ! * RevJonnyTattoo
 You do n't need this Wii brand SD Card . All you need is any 2GB SD card . And you are not limited to a 2GB card . As per Wii Customer Service you can go as high as a 8GB SD Card as long as it 's an SD HC type Card . Call and ask them yourself . Save MONEY Buy the one without the Wii Logo .
 If you do n't already have card like this you can get one for like $ 10 on eBay .
 My 12 year old bought this to help with his games . Neither of us could get it to work even after going through several sets of instructions . Do n't feel I can rate the product fairly , though the instructions are quite poorly written
 I ordered the game from super liquidator and it does n't work ... it wont even fully install on my computer and then I ca n't uninstall it , then it causes my computer to freeze -LSB- and there is nothing wrong with my laptop -RSB- its set up just for gaming . I would not order this game from them.I used to own this game and it was fantastic , definitely my favorite computer game , to bad I moved and misplaced the disc .
 This game is bad . Period . I played it at my loser friend 's house -LRB- He 's obsessed with it -RRB- and immediately hated it . It completely ruined my day . I 'll probably never go over to his house again . It is boring and is faulty . The graphics are terrible and there is no strategy involved whatsoever . The designers must have been on crack when they made this game . I would n't play this game again if my life depended on it .
 I have an older addition of this game , and thought this one would be even better . What a disappointment ! The older game is much better . You ca n't even do a lot of things playing this one that you could with the older version . The options are terrible ! New versions are suppose to be better , not worse !
 I got the Game and played it , I was having so much fun until it came to level 10 and said it was a DEMO ! . I was screaming , they never told me it was a Demo . I think they were untrustworty if i were you i would n't buy from these people !
 I 'm not a big first person shooter fan , so please keep that in mind while you read this review.So I get the game , I install , everything is going good , no complains so far , main menu was a little flat , but I could care less , so I start the training missions and god are they slow moving and not in the least bit intresting , I feel bad enough for the poor saps who are stuck in iraq fighting Bush 's oil war , but if they were forced to play this game to train like they claim it was , I 'm surprised if they did not go awol then , and that was just the training missions.So I 'd learn how to do the advance movements of the troops , so I get the controls down , the GPS , weapons , covering moves , `` bounding '' okay check I 'm ready to play the real missions bring them on I thought after seeing what I already saw of this game in videos I thought it would be non-stop action -LRB- remember what I said earlier ? -RRB- now I love tactic games , I do n't care how slow the action can be a times , but this is painfully slow action and painfully hard to control your troops who are broken into groups alpha and bravo.Moving your troops during battle and moving them into postion to fire on cover enemy freedom fighterse a tank to race on the N&uuml;rburgring track against F1 cars it 's just not fun , it 's akward in every respect , your squad leader is the center of your view , this brings up alot of pain during battles , especially since this leads to your squad leader being in the thick of battle and likely dying and having you restart , and that would not be so bad if it was possible to save when you want to rather then at save points , I understand they want realism but a save point is a save , period , it 's not as if a `` safe '' save point is more realistic then a save in the thick of battle where it would be useful , but even then they could merely limit the uses of saves.I could go on I really could about what I dislike , but I 'm starting to ramble . - > Gameplay
 Basically , this is a game that wraps multiple types of game play into one package . That is where this game went wrong . Also , some of the `` HIGH '' ratings were kids or people that reviewed this game based on the DEMO !!! You can not truly rate a game unless you have played through the whole thing . THAT IS HOW THE GAMING MAGAZINES DO IT !!! Any designer , manufacturer , builder knows that it is almost impossible to make an effective `` ALL-IN-ONE '' device because it usually does some things very well and some things fairly well or poorly.In this game , you play from the 3rd person perspective , more like you hover over your currently active squad . You command your teams of soldiers with mouse clicks and key commands while receiving orders from an off-site commander.Now this is unique ! However , this is what stinks ! You feel like your watching the action more than participating . You also have to wrestle with hard to observe terrain , angles , camera views and if you make a mistake , you can not quickly respond . Ouch ! Oh , did I mention that the game has designated save points ? Yep ! So if you blow it , you must go back to the last save point and start again . This is not horrible , but not pleasant either.The good parts are that this game really requires you to think , use strategy , be patient , it is unique , there are some excellent tutorials -LRB- about 30-40 minutes worth -RRB- to help you learn the skills you 'll need to get started , and the game brings in outside support like helicopter recon , mortar/artillery support , Armored Bradley vehicles . This game also offers Co-Op play which is a nice addition . I do like the hardcore cursing in this game -LRB- M **** rF **** r is one shining example -RRB- because I am an adult and I want adult level , realistic games . Kids do n't need to play every game ok ? That is what the ESRB ratings system is for . So I say thank you to the developers for doing it ! You will not find ammo , health paks , aliens , space stations , rocket cars , jet packs , or secret weapons laying around or on the dead bodies or behind hidden walls . If you run out of ammo , your stuck!The bad parts are complicated camera angles , buggy response to your commands at times , the game is a bit of a hog on resources , the action is not that exciting , the visuals are not bad but not great , there is a lot of unnecessary HARDCORE cursing -LRB- I LOVE it but any parent with a kid under 18 probably will not !! -RRB- This game is VERY short too ! Just as your skills are starting to get good , the game is over!Who is this game good for ? - If you like RTS -LRB- real time strategy -RRB- games but wish you could get more deeply immersed in them ... this game will excite you . I doubt this will appeal to 1st person shooter fans that do n't like RTS games.Overall , I appreciate it for it 's uniqueness . Yet , I also found it very unsatisfying . Due to the lack of excitement , poor camera angles , slow , clumsy response of your soldiers , mediocre AI for the enemies and buggy action ... I can not recommend this game.I will make a prediction though - I bet that another company will make a similar game only better or there will be a FSW 2 and the developers will have tweaked it into a lean , mean , shoot 'em up game by learning from their mistakes . For the present - I would not bother with this game .
 This game is not what you think it is . I thought this game would be like Socom but sadly ... its not . Its more of a strategy click and drag , you sit back and watch all the action type of game . So many control issues and it has a slight learning curve you need to adapt to but by then your dead . Graphics are ok .
 Initially the game is impressive , but I found myself waiting for things to get hectic and they never did . This is the kind of game that needs 30 levels of increasingly complex tactical puzzles . Instead we get 11 missions that remain very similar intersected by cut-scenes whenever things get too interesting .
 This game was brief so I 'll be brief . It took me one week to beat even with the extra 2 missions for the PC . You do n't get much for your money . Full Spectrum is virtually non-replayable . I do n't understand how a developer could have had a preexisting game engine and then give you only six levels . The hard work was already done , come on guys . As for the on-line play I have n't been able to get anyone to play with me , so that is null in void . The game play should be approached more like a ` Close Combat ' . This is not a shooter rather is a real time strategy game . I will never buy another product from this developer unless they release some more missions for download . PS gamers , start recognizing developers . If they have disappointed you in the past then do n't buy from them in the future .
 I 've really tried to give FSW a chance , I really did , but this game is terrible and does n't live up the hype at all . For all the talk about FSW being an accurate simulation of tactical combat FSW falls way short.The GoodThe graphics . That 's about it . And even then there are plenty of problems . For starters you hardly have any control over any options . Want to turn off shadows -LRB- notorious frame rate killers -RRB- , not possible . I have a pretty high-end rig and I encounter lousy frame rates , and tons of stuttering with the audio dialog . Only by turning down the visual features can I get acceptable performance , but then the stunning graphics are no more.The BadUnfortunately for Pandemic , this would encompass the rest of the entire game . Enemy AI is lousy at a distance , and entirely scripted . Restart a level , and they 'll be in the same places every time , so forget about replay value.If FSW is an accurate representation of the Army 's capabilities , then we are in real trouble . While the soldiers move and take up basic firing position correctly , their reactions are terrible . When directed to take cover , they 'll frequently use some of the worst cover around . Their shooting accuracy is terrible , often spending more time shooting everything around a target rather than the target itself.FSW is clearly built for a console and not a PC . Load times are terrible , save points -LRB- Does n't every developer by now know that this is a terrible way to treat PC users -RRB- , limited configuration options , and a gamepad-esq interface.Don ' t think for a second the manual will prove useful . The instructions are vague , with poor text descriptions to define actions , with no supporting graphics.While Pandemic attempted to reflect reality in the game through degrading cover , tactical movements , and liberal use of swearing -LRB- Great way to represent out soldiers , they swear more than a trucker in a shouting match with a longshoreman -RRB- , FSW just falls flat on itself as a tactical shooter.Save your money and move on to something better .
 DO NOT waste your money on this horrible game . I did n't even finish the training because it was just annoying . This is meant to be a war game but to me it seems more like psychological warfare , the people a THQ want to see how long will you last trying to play this stupid game . This is more like chess , pick and pint where you want your pawns to move . The targetting is a joke , you have to select an area where you want the troops to fire but the person you want to kill is like 15-20 feet away the targetting area is 75feet squared -LRB- like shooting darts with your eyes closed . -RRB- Is this how `` AWSOME '' the american army is ?? This game is all pro-american , they make it seem like the US army is the best . If this is how they are trained to shoot then I 'm not gon na pay my taxes because like this game its a waste of good money .
 I can see how the game might be a useful tool for the Army in training personnel in tactical maneuvers , but the game becomes tedious and exceptionally limited.The Pros
 Well , I must say that I am extremely disappointed with FSW in many respects . For one , the graphics are not exactly anything to rave about . They are ok , but that 's about it . And after all the hype this game received and the advertising it put out , it seems they should have saved some money for the developing . Basically , the actuall gameplay is at a 4 year old level . Click here , move there . THAT 'S ALL YOU DO . And I ca n't stand the cheesey jargon used in the voiceovers . Horrible ! I am an infantryman in the US Army , and I can tell you , no one I know talks like this or uses the goofy lingo the throw around in this game . Also , there is NO open ended gameplay , you can only move to certain areas on the map . The enemy AI and the weapons physics are ridiculous . You can have your team fire at an enemy out in the open and he wont move , wont throw a frag , wont call in support etc. . If you want a REAL war simulation , buy Operation Flashpoint . It 's dated , but still THE best squad/fps/command game ever made . After all the patches and upgrades and addons and it 's truly open ended gameplay , OFP will probably be the only game that will permanently stay on my hard drive . FSW , nice try , no cigar .
 I have played a handful of squad based games and I have to say that this is probably one of the most disappointing and frustrating games I have ever played.Once I am done with it , it is going into the thrift store box -LRB- or better yet , the trash -RRB- . This is a highly disappointing game . While the graphics and sound themselves are not bad , the game is not really well thought out and not very flexible or realistic . While it is touted as one of the most realistic simulation/squad based games , I found some of the premises of the game to be anything but . For instance , if you do n't move your squad the correct way , you can have both yoursquads killed by a single exposed oppfor -LRB- enemy -RRB- in an open area . Now give me a break , that is eight against 1 and you still lose ! When you outman and outgun an enemy by that much this is simply ridiculous!Another gripe that I have against the game is that -LRB- unless you use the cheats -RRB- you are given a very limited amount of heavy duty ammo . That is , you only get 4 frags , 4 smoke grenades and 2 mortar grenades between your two squads . And that is supposed to last you an entire level -LRB- a level is comprised of 7-10 missions -RRB- !! Even if that is supposed to be `` realistic '' , they could designed the game so that you could resupply your heavy ammo at more frequent intervals.Another source of great frustration is the unrealiability of game replays and the inability to save a game in progress . In a couple of missions I had to repeat the entire last hour or so of play because the replay did n't save all my progress . You are also forced to complete a section of the game before you can save its progress or else restart the mission the next you play . Retarded!As far as replayability is concerned -LRB- a game that you can come back to and pick up at a random level -RRB- , this game is a one shot deal . Once you figure out the very predictable but frustrating script , you are done -LRB- if you have the patience to finish -RRB- and probably do n't want to go back and play again . If you want playability pick up any of the Battlefield titles.Overall , I would have given this game a higher score if it was n't for the fact that the game is so frustrating , and contrary to how the game is touted , it is not really that realistic . It 's a very frustrating exercise in figuring out the game 's script before you get misterously killed by your very dumb opponents . The game designers could have done a better job of planning the game and making it more enjoyable and replayable . Sorry , this is not a winner in my book .
 I 'm a little upset after attempting to play for the last few weeks . The problems with this game are not in how the core mechanics of the game work or the design of the levels or the abstract representations of cover . The problem lies fully with two very specific decisions
 Well , the game graphics are great , the sound and the tactics are pretty good , and fairly accurate as far as MOUT squad tactics goes.However , a squad has three fire teams not two , and do n't forget about the other 2 squads in your platoon that are close by . What about calling in artillery , or an airstrike ? Some fighting is done a night also.I agree , no building searches , booby traps , sewers . The fact that the enemy is pretty dumb and stands behind cars , is unrealistic . Never mind that he is only one guy , he still does n't go down . It is very frustrating , sometimes I feel like If I had control of the fireteam leader by being a first person shooter , enagements would not last as long with a well aimed shot to the enemy 's grape.As far as it being too American . . the game is about Americans so what do you expect . Being a combat vet myself , when rounds are coming down range you are cursing at them , then cheering when a target goes down , then you move on.Overall , the game is OK , however the lack of personal control of the charecters makes me want to slap them around and not play . A great game , but it could have more 1st person shooter involvemnt , more cooperation with other squads / platoons / companies , better vehicle cooperation , booby traps , ambushes , heavy weapons , airstrikes . . etc. ...
 After learning of this game because of its unique genre -LRB- real time tactics -RRB- and realizing that it is now available for free -LRB- legally -RRB- , I decided to give it a shot.Let 's talk about what is good
 the game dident work on my refurbished gamecube system i got from gamestopi love this game and disappointed i coulde n't even play it : -LRB-
 Well lets see , only a total of three missions , an extremely short game , dismemberment is extreme but cool , graphics are ok , seen better however , controls are a bit annoying till you adjust them and customize , all in all this game is basically just a hack n slash game with relatively no plot .
 This game is very poor ! Sloppy controls and gameplay , even the graphics are kinda `` jaggy '' no real good story and no thought put in to it !
 This game is just a quick way of making cash . It 's a bad game and the developer is hoping it will sell because of its sex appeal and intense amounts of gore . Do n't be fooled , this game is going to be a mediocre -LRB- at best -RRB- action game . The game is basically a rip off Max Payne , Devil May Cry 2 , and Blood Omen
 this game was fun to begin with ... nothing special , no ultra realistic graphics ... but i bought this game a year ago and i couldnt finish the first boss . it was impossable ! Even my brother - the video game know it all - could not figure out what to do ... we basically ran around loosing life over and over again for a half hour until we gave up and that was that . thats money lost that could have been spent on something better .
 If you want to see blood , blood , and blood , this game is for you , but if you are searching a nice plot and a complete game in all aspects ...
 It is horibule.Do not buy it .
 This game is NOT worth the money !! I 'm very sorry i bought it ! If you get knocked into a corner , GAME OVER ! Cuz , you CAN `` T get yourself OUT of the corner !! There 's NO control for backing out of corners . And , you are `` Puzzled '' by WHAT IS THE GAME ABOUT ANYWAY !! Maybe only GUYS will love this game , being a Female , yes , I DON `` T get it at ALL !!
 Alot of people have problems with Shadowbane due to its pvp atmosphere . Let me start off by saying that I love pvp and the realism it brings to a game . With Shadowbane you will hear hype about wars , sieges , and massive battles between dueling alliances . These are all things that can be done in this game but not very well . Any time more than twenty people start fighting ANYWHERE near your location welcome to lag central . It does not matter if you have the latest and greatest computer or a awesome internet connection it is all server lag . There have been numberous patches with the promise of fixing the lag issues . Well almost a year after its initial release the problems still exist . Even the latest installment in the Shadowbane saga Rise Of Chaos is riddled with bugs and yes the server lag issues are still there . So unless you want to play a game that promises you massive battles and delivers nothing but computer freezes and lag death STAY AWAY FROM SHADOWBANE .
 The game concept itself is good . Build cities , quest for a lost sword , tons of lore to promote faction wars , and many classes and race combinations to choose from . The problem is none of the above works well.The graphics are sub-par at best . This could be overlooked if the game play made up for it . It does not ! They said using the outdated point and click method would help lag but lag is just horrible . The classes are as unbalanced as I 've ever seen in a game . If you want to play a melee class find another game since all melee classes are under powered and best and totally useless at worst . Also client/server sync issues makes it impossible for a melee character to swing in large scale battles . The game crashes all the time -LRB- sb.exe -RRB- . They say with each patch its fixed but it never is.There is no content in the game at all . No quests , no dungeons , no castles ; not a damn thing to explore . They are however releasing an expansion pack you need to pay for to get content . So now you need to buy the game plus an expansion just to get the minimal content most games give you with original release . Look at the amount of stuff most expansions give in games such as EQ , DAoC , AO , and UO and then compare to what this expansion gives . Its pathetic to see.I rated the original a 2 star . This blatant money grab is not even worth that . All the same problems as there were in the first few months are still there . NOTHING HAS CHANGED !! Do not bother listening to UBI because they say its all better now , but closed their message boards because their fanbois could not delete the negative posts fast enough . Now nobody outside the game can read their boards . I do n't really blame them . There is about 30 negative posts for every positive one.Pass on this one . Dragon Empires , World of Warcraft , Darkfall , and others will be released soon . I would wait for one of these titles to come out .
 I recommend that you avoid purchasing this game . I subscribed to Shadowbane a month after release . Most of the bugs that led thousands to leave the game still exist . Most of the recent changes to the game have been exactly the opposite of what the playerbase has loudly asked for . Bottom line - this is not a game that caters to it 's customer base . Many of us are still playing only because we foolishly subscribed for a full year.If your curiosity is so great that you must purchase this game then DO NOT fall into the trap of opting for one of the extended subscriptions . Yes you do get access to restricted races for your character , but when you find how horrid the gameplay is you will kick yourself for purchasing your months in advance .
 I have a masters degree in technology but this software package is incredibly hard to use . I had high hopes of being able to design my new home but was disappointed on how non-intuitive this software is to use . After spending 15 hours and only having a few walls captured , we gave up and decided hiring an architect was easier . I would love a software package that was able to pull together a house design but this package did not work .
 I agree with the first review . This a most difficult programme to use and , after many hours trying to get simple rooms drawn to specific sizes I gave up . The manual is wordy but really does n't explain the simplest points . I am now looking for a cheaper programme that will enable a non-expert to do a little design task without a nervous breakdown .
 I used this `` suite '' to attempt to design houses for a Habitat for Humanity affiliate . If all you are looking for is a pretty `` flyover '' of an unrefined house design , this might work . As far as creating a working drawing with enough detail to build off of , this is not the program.My biggest problem with the software is that you have to export the drawing from FloorPlan to an included CAD program -LRB- TurboCAD -RRB- and then mark it up with dimensions , etc. . If you want to move a window 3 inches , you have to go back into FloorPlan and move it , and re-import and start all over again with dimensioning.I was probably expecting too much for a cheaper CAD program but this one is n't even worth the effort . Any advantage over old school hand drafting was nearly non-existent from my experience .
 I build and remodel homes/businesses for a living . Used FloorPlan 3D since it first came out for design , estimating , sub 's prints , customer presentations , etc. . Extremely useful in it 's day and my small business has 500 + files saved . Used to buy copies and give to some customers . Thought I 'd update , purchased and installed v10 . ** Can NOT import old saved * . fp3 files ** and EXTREMELY frustrating to use . IMSI provided ZERO support and wanted to charge me MORE money just to use their crappy product . Forget them !! A real time-waster ! Purchased 2 old copies of FP3D for future reference and neighbor 's kid is now teaching me AUTOCAD . Easy and I could n't be happier .
 Turbofloorplan Home & Landscape Pro V12I have tried three of IMSI 's building design software and just gave them away . It was n't worth the aggravation and there was no support . The `` help '' is designed by IMSI pros and for IMSI pros . The software has all the needed capabilities , I think , but they really need to spend their time developing user-friendly instructions . This problem is typical among software developers but it is at a ridiculous level with IMSI .
 Might be a good product , but too hard to use for theregular Joe Home Owner .
 If you enjoy suffering this is the home design software for you . You can get it to produce something eventually , but you will put in hours trying to get the software to do what you want and have to give up on getting it do other things it says it does . I initially purchased Version 9 and nearly tore my hair out trying to do layout for a house remodeling we were working on . I 'm in the computer business so I 'm used to battling with bad software to get it to work and was n't going to let this package get the best of me . I did finally get some useful floorplans out of it . The 3D modeling was helpful although certainly not as good as they say it is . When an upgrade offer for Version 10 came in the mail I thought to myself , OK , maybe this will fix some/all the bugs -LRB- yeah , right ! -RRB- . On the contrary , it was essentially the same package , nothing changed except that it was worse . Now I could n't get it to print floorplans with dimensions . After the upgrade joke , I 'm certainly never giving IMSI another penny . I recently pulled the software off the shelf and reinstalled to work on another project . It was a bad dream coming back , after about 10 minutes I remembered what a nightmare this software is and said `` Never again ! '' It is now shelfware destined soon to be given to some poor soul on freecycle . I guess to be realistic , if you want GOOD floorplan design software you 'll have to spend many hundreds of dollars , not tens .
 Not as user friendly as say the Better Homes and Garden home designer , but it does convert to CAD . Takes a lot of patience that I did n't have .
 Other reviewers have described the premise , so I wo n't repeat it . The game is a multi-stage puzzle - a series of little shockwave games - some verbal , some visual , some involving a certain amount of dexterity -LRB- not a lot , fortunately -RRB- . The games are infuriating at times , but given that their author is supposed to be a serial killer , one must make allowances.The idea of searching the web for clues , and receiving emails from other ` participants ' is quite innovative , and adds to the immersion . Since the game has been published in Europe for some time , though , the searches also uncover walkthroughs . Bit of a temptation , that.The production values are excellent - the video sections are slick , with lots of very photogenic European locations , the acting is good , and the overall design is spot on . the story is compelling and the characters are sympathetic.For the most part , I enjoyed this game.So why the 2-star rating ? Some annoying technical issues and a lousy ending.First , the technical issues : - When you first play the game , you have to log on , using a user name you created yourself plus a password assigned by the game . Better write this on a piece of paper because you 'll need it every time you play . Do n't these people know about cookies ? - You ca n't save the game - it decides on the restart point . It is n't always where you would like to restart . - The game is supposed to integrate with your email client . Mine did n't - I use Eudora , and it fixated on Outlook Express -LRB- which then tried to take over , the way it does -RRB- . I had to work around this by loading my email client before running the game . This is important because emails often contain clues . - The game was a CPU hog . When it was running , other applications did n't get a look in . Since the whole point of the game is that it coexists with a web browser and email client , this is n't good . A workaround is to use the XP task manager to drop the priority of the task ` missing.exe ' . Maybe it 's part of the game :-RRB- . And as for the ending ... -LRB- No spoilers , do n't worry -RRB- . Imagine that you 've spent several hours working towards the denouement . At the very last minute , the screen goes blank and your only way of finding out what is going on is to wait for emails from the eye witnesses . These come in over a period of time . It 's either designed to heighten suspense or the developers ran out of money.It 's a shame how this game turned out
 I bought this just from reading the description and thinking it would be innovative and engaging . I was very much dissapointed.The puzzles jump from offendingly simple to impossibly difficult to just plain innane.The reliance on the internet is an interesting concept if there were some way for them to make it work consistenly . Many times I became stuck because the clue I needed was only a specific webpage , presumably made by the designers , that just did not show up in my searches . Even after talking to others or looking at walkthroughs of what people specifically searched for the pages would not turn up . With no help at all I could only imagine the hours people wasted on things like this . They needed to either ensure that the needed result would be found easily through a search OR make the clues that you need to find something that you could find on sites besides just their own.Some of the puzzles had nothing to do with thought , cunning or `` solving '' anything , but were just annoyingly difficult shockwave arcade-ish games or even on one particularly infuriating occasion a pixel-hunt . To have to waste so much time on something so innane to proceed is extremely frustrating.I had a lot of trouble with getting the emails . In fact I got quite a small fraction and most of them late . A lot of them are just story and are n't necessary , but some of them have hints or applications that make it difficult to do without , occasionally impossible . I particularly enjoyed receiving in my mail hints on how to do a puzzle five minutes after I had already finished.So imagine going through all these frustrations , and then coming to an extremely anti-climatic ending where you basically do nothing to bring it to that point . It makes it feel as though your efforts were futile . And in conjuction with my last paragraph I have not received any emails on news of how it ended . For all I know Jack and Karen were found dead and the phoenix killed my `` team members '' who went to find them . It 's been a half an hour.I 'm not expecting anything.I will say that the videos and storyline were interesting , as was the information given about alchemy , astronomy , renessaince etc. . That alone was n't worth it for me though . It seems like all the energy was put into those and the gameplay was coincedental .
 I ca n't even begin to tell you how disappointed I was in this game . When I first heard of it I thought this was going to be an amazing game ; The idea is that you hold in your hand the cd that a serial killer turned kidnapper sent to the police . The cd is full of clues and its up to you to solve the case and bring the victims home . I expected something like the CSI game , but with a twist because in missing you have to go online to various websites to help you along in the game . It was nothing like CSI , it was nothing like any crime game , in fact I almost forgot that the game was supposed to be about catching the bad guy.The game is just a series of mini games and all the mini games are annoying . Each game comes in a couple parts ; part one is to do something that makes you roll your eyes because its either too simple or just dumb , once you do the eye rolling part you are given a clue that you need to take online and search for whatever it is that the game wants this time -LRB- part 2 -RRB- . Usually at this point you will find a website set up by the game that may or may not be in english , many times I skipped the correct site because silly me I expected the clues to be in the language the game is in . Most of the sites you can change into english by clicking the right flag , but a couple of them I could n't find flags to translate for me . Part 3
 This game would have been awesome if the email function worked . As it stands now , you 'll have to wait upwards of a day or two to receive emails with clues vital to continuing in the game.This is complete madness , the absolute epitome of horrendous game design , especially since this email function was the only selling point of this rather dull and poorly produced game in the first place.Do yourself a favor
 The funny thing is . . I ca n't even tell you if the game is good or not because you have to register online -LRB- otherwise it wo n't work at all !! -RRB- and every time I tried doing that I got the error message `` server is unavailable right now - please try again later '' hahaha ... so every time I tried `` again later '' I had to start the game from the beginning and watch the intro again and there was no way to skip that . And as far as I read in the description you even have to be online most of the time you are playing to receive hints and emails ... bla bla bla . . long story short . . I would n't want this game if you would give to me for free ... save your money .
 The game was fair at best ... . the problem is , when I finally completed the game and tried to uninstall it , the uninstall program deleted ALL OF MY PERSONAL DATA AND SETTINGS ! I am an experienced computer user and I dont ' know if it was some crazy glitch or a bad joke , but none the less , it ate half of my computer !!! USE CAUTION with this game .
 A very very bad game . i think this the worst game ever released . Its very hard and sometimes it seems impossible . So , please do n't buy this game or u will loose ur money ...
 The package I received from Amazon contained an installation CD that was not readable by my computer . I can not return it since it has been opened . I can not sell it because it does n't work . I 'm out $ 19 . I recommend you do not make the same mistake and do n't even consider purchasing it .
 This game consists mainly of the following : - clicking on floating shapes -LRB- some of which are moving -RRB- for no discernable reason-trying combinations of given nouns in Google to find the pages set up by the game makers-playing truly asinine arcade games-watching movies which are seldom in the least compellingAdmittedly , this game is a form of annoyance I have not before experienced , thus I suppose it is , in some way , innovative.I should also note that there are 2 `` puzzles '' near the end which are rather hard -LRB- on the patience and hands , not the brain -RRB- , which was presumably a last-ditch effort to expand game-play time . Kudos .
 I realized I did not like this game after spending 20 minutes pulling a target around on a string for no discernible reason . It may be pretty , but there is no fun . I play games for fun , and if there is no fun , it would be better to take a second job and make money doing something not fun . If you really want to get into this kind of game , search for alternate reality games .
 Wow , until I played `` Missing '' I had no idea you could make an entire game from Flash.Why are n't there _ more _ games like this on the market ?? Oh yeah , because the only thing you can do with Flash is drag-n-drop , chase balls around on the screen , and watch videos.To add insult to injury , as one reviewer noted -- this game is indeed demonic . That reviewer might have sounded like a crazy crackpot , but one must only go ten minutes into the game before agreeing with him . Because of the email bug , I was forced to watch the 40-second preview video over -LRB- of a women running around terrified and screaming from the supposed serial killer -RRB- about five times before I figured out that I needed to download and install some patch . Here 's a great example of boring and offensive
 Very disappointed in this game because after three installs , it still will NOT work on my six-month old computer using Windows XP . It keeps on crashing my computer and causing it to reboot . When I was able to play it for a few minutes , the puzzles made no sense and were very difficult . The instruction book that comes with the game is very poorly written and is not accurate . The instructions are unclear and do n't match up with what is displayed on your computer screen . Perhaps this is due to the instructions being translated from French or something ... I do n't know.Very upset that I blew $ 20 on yet another game I can not play on my computer.THIS GAME SUCKS !! TOO MANY FRIGGIN ' BUGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is absolutely demonic . Throughout the game are signs of witchcraft and demonic activity . A sick and twisted indivudual came up with the concept for the game . The images are highly disturbing . No one should buy or play this game .
 The idea behind the game seems to be to introduce the student to a bunch of fun video games that teach how individual pieces move , and that after playing them for a good amount of time , the student will know chess . So while it makes it more fun , it also involves much more time to teach the game.The program makes the student master the strategy for each and every piece individually before actually playing chess or introducing them to the game . It does n't seems to be teaching the whole game , and I think it is wasting too much time on individual instruction before allowing them to have a holistic view of the game . My kids now know how each individual piece moves , but they do n't know what the goal in chess is -LRB- how to win -RRB- , and because they have n't mastered piece strategy , they are n't allowed out of the training room.I had an employer do this to me once . They taught me all the individual programs I used in the job before showing me how it all came together . On the last day or two of the 2 week training , they introduced the main program that controlled the others and they actually let us observe people doing the work . It was the worst training I ever had .
 Normally , I have been a huge proponent of Lego products , including their Software . Lego Loco , Lego Racers , Lego Stunt Rally , and Lego Alpha Team are all superb products . Lego Island 2 is slow to load , finiky in dealing with hardware and device drivers , and does not always make the controls obvious to the user . For something aimed at children and parents without time to debug and installation , this is not a good choice . I feel Lego should be more careful about licensing their name , as this is not up to their usually very high standards .
 I have never encountered such a system-demanding game . My 433 Celeron -LRB- plus 256MB SDRAM -RRB- and 16MB Blaster Banshee -LRB- with DX8-compatable Xpentor2 drivers -RRB- could barely cope with Lego Island 2 . The game often crashes to the desktop . I had problems with using the keyboard controls too . The box lies about its system requirements .
 I have a P3 866MHz with 256MB Ram and this game choked the machine , nearly 800MB of disk space is required and the delay between levels is about 2 to 3 minutes . Several blue screen errors also resulting in a hard reboot . This game should be rated `` frustration for the entire family '' . Also no on-line help but it does include a manual .
 My kids do n't really play with it any more and it was a pain to get it to work on my 2 year old Pentium 300 computer , since it would stall out and the kids got frustrated so now it sits on the shelf while they play other computer games .
 I purchased Lego Island 2 for my daughter for Christmas , my computer did n't support the game either , so I attempted to return the game to Toys R Us and of course that was pointless , however I did call Lego Media myself and they told me to send them the game back to them with a note stating that the game was not compatible with my computer and the receipt , and they would send me a refund . The consumer affairs information is on their website , check it out !! You do n't have to be stuck with a product you ca n't use .
 This CD-ROM CRASHED MY COMPUTER . -LRB- Permanently , I might add . Nobody has been able to find out why . -RRB- Be very careful when you install/run this program . You must have a super-fast highly able system . -LRB- My computer was only 18 months old , top of the line Dell . -RRB- When I called Lego Media to complain they tried to blame it on my computer , but admitted that the CD may be too complicated for most computers . This is deceiving since the system requirements on the label do n't give any warnings that it not only might not work , but may damage your computer !
 I did n't check my video card memory and I have 6 MB and it needs 8 MB . My system is only 11/2 years old . I now have software that I ca n't use and I ca n't return -LRB- Toysrus policy -RRB- . I do n't want to upgrade , but my son wants to play the game . He keeps reading the box and telling me all the things he could do .
 Lego has done better . Their newest releases seem to have abandoned the combination of fun and learning . This is a simple fun game with different arcade type activities no usefully skills involved , no puzzles , no long-term planning or management skills . If you can get hold of one for half price or less it might be worth it . My son chooses to play this maybe twice a month and otherwise it 's collecting dust . I should not forget to mention that set up and getting starting involved plenty of tears , so do set it up yourself before getting the children excited about a new game .
 This product has really cool graphics , however it takes way too long to load !!! For each individual area of the game you want to enter , you have to wait for the game to load . Infact , you even have to wait for it to load if you want to `` Quit '' the game too . It could be a really cool , but for my 6 year old daughter , it was just frustrating . I sent the game back to company for a refund and purchased the game for the Playstation instead.I personally do n't recommend this product .
 Top spin 2 was not done well for the PC . I like sports game on the PC and image that top spin 2 would be great . It was a complete letdown . the grapics were shoddy the game play was bad . Stick with the xbox 360 version .
 After a lot of work , I finally realized that the controller was not working properly . I bought an XBox 360 controller and the game worked . In the career mode , As opposed to Top Spin that allows you to do or play in any tournament at any time , this like Virtua Tennis severely limits your choices , train , one tournament , or special event . The problem is that much of the time you may have in reality , due to lack of cash , or too low a ranking , NO choice and have to pass the whole month . It cost you to train , but not to play in tournement . Odd deal there . One odd quirk in the game play is that if you hit the safe mode it ca n't go out . This is just plain silly . On the other hand if you at an angle with top spin -LRB- which in reality would help it stay in -RRB- it can go out of bounds . The caveat here is that when you hit a safe shot the good players will usually make you eat it . The `` risk shots '' feel gimmicky and not intuitive . If you do n't use them , the points can last a LONG time . Since this is a re-review it wo n't let me re-star . I would give 3 stars for fun and 2 for overall and 0 for Aspyr 's pitiful support .
 Positives : Easy installation . No going online , etc.Graphics and sound effects good.Character creation great . Can customize body -LRB- proportions , height -RRB- , hair , facial features -LRB- eyes , nose , chin , mouth , etc. -RRB- This was very similar to a Tiger Woods golf game.Career mode good - training , coaches , tournaments , etc.Negatives : No option to set difficulty of game . No adjustment for mouse sensitivity.No option to set perspective . Sometimes you would be behind your character as in any other third person perspective game . Then other times it would switch and you would be looking at your character from the other side of the court . You could not select one or the other or both.After every point you had to watch players ' reactions . That got old very fast.Controls were extremely difficult to use . -LRB- I was using keyboard and a corded , optical mouse -RRB- When serving you would click W , A , S , or D to start serve , then watch a power scale and try to click again when it was at maximum . That part was o.k. . The problem was with returns . First you would move the mouse to where the ball was hit toward . Then you would hit W , A , S , or D for your swing type selection , -LRB- holding it down for more power and precision -RRB- , then move the mouse forward , backward , left , right , or diagonally to aim your shot . Mind you , this is all in the fraction of a second that it takes for the ball to reach your side of the court . The easiest option was to use the S key for a safe shot . That shot would always stay in bounds . Of course you still had to get to the correct location in time which was n't always easy . Even if you hit 10-15 safe returns in a row your opponent -LRB- even low level players -RRB- would 95 % of the time match you shot for shot until you got caught out of position and missed . To have a better chance of scoring you had to use a `` risk '' shot . For those you would again use the mouse to get into position , then press and hold the spacebar , press W , A , S , or D -LRB- which now brought up a meter to watch -RRB- and hold till the indicator was in the top position . -LRB- it moves very fast -RRB- Oh , and as mentioned before , once you pressed your shot selection button the mouse now switches from moving the character to aiming your shot . In all I played about 120 games and was able to win only 2 times!The time to uninstall the game was the longest I ever encountered . It made me wonder what it was doing.In summary I could not recommend this game to anyone except the very best players . The controls are just way too difficult for average , casual gamers . -LRB- at least with a mouse and keyboard -RRB-
 Granted , I did n't pay a lot for this game , but out of numerous games I bought lately , this is the worst one . The menu system is aggravating as all get out . Instead of just hitting enter to navigate the menus , you use the arrows and the `` s '' and `` d '' keys ... but to make it as inconsistent as possible , at certain times in the game you do have to hit the enter key . Want to hit the escape key to back out of menus . Dream on . It does nothing.And game play ? Imagine a real game of tennis between you and Venus Williams . Now make a game out of you getting slaughtered by Venus Williams ... call it Top Spin 2 , and you are all set to go to market.I also bought it to play two player over a LAN . I ca n't say that it does n't work , but I have n't got it to work yet.But at least it has party games , right ? But they will only work with two game controllers attached to your PC . Do n't have two controllers and you ca n't even start them to see what they look like.Still it is n't a horrible game and my kids are playing it as I write this . And I think taking the time to learn it better may improve my opinion of it . But there is nothing whatsoever intuitive about controlling your player.I think playing another person over a LAN would be funner because both of you would be closer to the same skill level . I wonder if I will be able to get that to work?Totally different game , but at the same time I bought this , I purchased Virtual Pool 3 . It was about the same price and it is miles above Top Spin 2 in game play and I got it to work over a LAN in a reasonable amount of time ... though it is a bit tricky until you can figure it out .
 The great thing about this game are the options available . Player creation , coaches , outfits are all very good . But , I have to admit like the others have said , the game takes a long time to load . First , you have to load to get to the menu . That takes a while . Then , you have to load career . That takes longer . Then , you you have to load the tournament ... which also takes a long time . Aah , finally ... that is what you wanted to hear me say , is n't it ? No ... it is still not over yet . You now have to load the match!I have a very fast PC with a damn good graphics accelerator . Still , it takes such a long time to load.There are graphic glitches as well . Sometimes , everything goes in slow motion or the screen freezes . It happens occasionally . And from what I know about tennis , ball boys are supposed to pick up the ball when it hits the net , which they do n't . They just run leaving the ball where it is . It looks silly when they do that . One other reviewer mentioned that having the Number 1 and Number 2 player in the same draw is an inexcusable error . Boy , was that an understatement ? I guess he was being nice . Almost all the top players are put in one draw and the rest are put in the other . This is a mockery of tennis.Other major goof ups
 im sorry that i purchased this item . there is no detailed information given . the dvd lasts about 15 minutes
 Good graphics and a pretty faithful rendering of the war hammer 40K universe are the only positive things I can say about this game.The game 's interface is simple which is usually good , but it lacks a lot of functionality that is necessary in controlling a larger battlefield with more than one force deployed at once . There are no hot keys for toggling between different unit groups and more importantly there is no way to speed or slow the passage of time . This makes it very difficult in hectic battles to manage the production of units and control multiple armies in the field and very boring at the end of levels when you are just trying to clear enemy units from the field . The only way to play the game is to create an army and then follow it as it moves around the board.In fact the only reason the game is beatable is that the levels are so easy . With a medium sized cadre of standard space marines and a couple missile-launchers a player can clear even the final level . This negates the need to build most advanced structures as the most powerful unit , or at least the most powerful unit you will ever need , can be built with simply a chapel and an armory . In fact the only reason to build the more advanced units are the ever annoying ` puzzle levels ' where you must make the unit with some special ability , like the ability to jump or teleport over a crevice in order to defeat some ridiculously weak enemy . Hence most of the difficulty comes from figuring out how to build a unit that can teleport rather than defeating the enemy , which seems to have no AI at all , but rather just creates roaming adversaries . I never needed to save more than once and could usually play a level straight through beginning to end -LRB- including the final level , which is actually one of the easiest -RRB- . Also , without going into the mechanics of game play too much , resource gathering is so tedious that it is more time effective to just take the few strategic markers inside your base then go make a sandwich -LRB- do n't worry there is no danger of an enemy attack -RRB- while resource points accrue than to undertake the difficult process of taking and developing markers in the field . Also , there is not much point in gathering too many resource points , as there is a finite number of units you can field at one time and they almost never die.It 's frustrating that in the 10 years since Dune II RTS 's actually seem to have regressed.I know I 've slammed this game pretty hard , but there is one more thing I need to mention . The writing , both for during game play and in the cut scenes , is awful -LRB- I know I 'm being a hypocrite since this review has a pretty good schemer of run-ons and sentence fragments -RRB- . Even for the WH 40k universe , which is pretty complex , the characters in the cut scenes seem to have no internal momentum , but just come into conflict because ... well , the game needs conflict -LRB- I still have no idea why the Eldar and Empire fight each other as their greater enemy is Chaos , but , oh well -RRB- . All in all , the game is a big disappointment .
 I borrowed this game from a friend that found out he did n't have enough RAM to run the game . I was going to buy this game because of all the hype I had heard about it ... good thing I borrowed it.To start the game is too short to be worth my $ 50 . And it 's not challenging at all . The 12 missions that you get just do n't justify the price tag . I can get WarCraft 3 -LRB- both RoC and FT -RRB- for about the same price and I have , roughly , 8 times the game as DoW . The only differences would be that WC3 would have a degree of challenge . But wait ... WC3 does n't have that nice camera that can go down to ground level so you can be in the midst of the action ... and you ca n't forget the glitches and bugs that plague this game ... is n't that worth the $ 50 right there ? Nah.Bottom line . If you like RTS games , your money is better off somewhere else ... actually , ANYWHERE else .
 I have been unable to install this game . The installation quits near the end of install -LRB- after I 've put the 3rd disc in -RRB- ; it quits with no error message and all the files already installed are automatically permanently deleted -LRB- i.e. not sent to the recycle bin -RRB- . Have tried installing multiple times . It seems that there is a bug in the interaction between Install Shield and Windows Installer 3.0 -LRB- which installs with SP2 for Windows XP -RRB- . After several email exchanges with THQ tech support , they advised me to use Task Manager to end the installer program just as it 's finishing the installation , but before it crashes out . That had no effect , so I was then told to seek a refund . Simply not good enough . I was really looking forward to this game . So , if you have Windows XP and Service Pack 2 , either roll your system back to pre-SP2 or do n't buy this game . Very sad
 The chess playing is OK , but trying to save a game is absurdly difficult . Why do software writers think we need a ZILLION FILES . Why do they think we want to click a dozen times to access one simple function . I operate under the princilpe of SIMPLIFY , SIMPLIFY , SIMPLIFY . Why is the operating principle of this kind of software COMPLICATE , COMPLICATE , COMPLICATE . While code writers get orgasmic over all the crap they include in the software , we users have to waste riduculous amounts of time TRYING TO ACCOMPLISH SIMPLE TASKS . In my wildest dreams I could not design a more ABSURD system for saving games than the code that comes with Fritz 8
 Chess . Not much to it . However since i was a first time player to the game , i thought due to other reviews of this game that this would be the game i needed to teach myself how to play . How wrong i was . It 's not that this is a BAD game , i guess my complaint is more along the lines of the user interface . I 'm pretty well rounded with computers and software , and even i was confused as to how to change games , change boards , difficulty , ect ect.I passed the game along to a few other people , and not to my surprise , they returned the game back to me after about a day reporting the same frustrations that i was having.All in all , i learned to play the old fashioned way , on a real board .
 TERRIBLE ! I think most of the gushing reviews for this product were written by those with a degree in computer science and a level of grandmaster in chess . Or maybe they work for Viva Media . I bought this product because it is supposed to have a complete beginner 's course . That way I could improve my very basic level of play and still have a top chess engine to play against when my skills improved . Let me quote the `` manual '' -LRB- actually a 20 booklet -RRB- under the heading `` Beginner 's Course . '' `` Menu : ` File ' - ` Open ' - ` Database ' in the databease window will get a file selector where you can browse for the database you want . Please insert the Fritz 8 Multimedia CD in your CD-ROM drive . In the direcrory ` database ' you will get the ` Beginner 's Course '' . Double click to open ` Beginner 's Course . ' `` It 's bad enough that one has to insert the CD-ROM and be online to get to the beginner 's course . Those directions are confusing too . You get two CDs in this package . One is for playing against the computer and the other is for multimedia and on-line . Each has its own menu , screens , etc. . From the instructions quoted above , is it clear which one to use ? It seems to imply using both -LRB- neither worked -- I 've tried and tried . -RRB- What 's worse is that you WO N'T GET THERE with these instructions ! THERE IS NO BEGINNER 'S COURSE IN THE DIRECTORY ` DATABASE ' ! I have also contacted the customer service e-mail site for Viva Media -LRB- the distributor -RRB- requesting help and I 'm still waiting for a reply . I tried to contact Chessbase -LRB- the maker -RRB- at their service site and their contact e-mail site is no longer working ! They 're all in Germany anyway , so I 'm not sure how much they 'd help with a question from America . Some of the text in this course is in German too . Very disappointing overall . I used to have the Chess Mentor course but that somehow got `` lost '' when I added memory to my computer . I wanted to try something more hi-tech and up-to-date but I regret the choice I made with Fritz 8 .
 I was in love with the first game so I thought the second would be the perfect next step . I have never been more wrong.I 'm not a particularly fit or active person and I still find that these workouts are simple and boring . My set workouts do n't even take 10 minutes , and I ca n't find a way to extend the workout duration . That < 10 minutes even includes extra time while the game forces you to watch your `` trainer '' display terribly cheesy facial expressions and encouraging gestures . After EVERY exercise . Rather than encouraging me to keep working out , it frequently encourages me to pick a different method of exercising.This was a huge disappointment . It might as well have been marketed under a different title completely , because it was barely comparable to the first at all , let alone being a satisfying upgrade .
 For the most part this video is easy , but I found it too slow . It is definitely not aerobic . There is too much time between each exercise while the instructor is moving from one exercise to another and then the reps are pretty slow as well . It works some muscle groups well , but it is not at all what I expected & there are definitely too few different exercises . I can not do push-ups and it is difficult to get the game to skip this exercise . I will use it , but not as often as others I already had .
 Overall I do n't think this is a good use of your money . I found the workouts to lack everything , honestly . They were n't very hard , i do n't even break a sweat unless I do one of the challenges . So if you just want to do challenges , then pick this game but there are a lot better wii exercise games out there than this one .
 I am used to Wii Active that goes from on exercise to the other . This one was a little slow and the work outs are too short to be of any realy benefit .
 My Fitness Coach 2 is n't as good as the first one . Although they have incorporated the wii balance board in this one , the first one is still the best one if you want to keep track of how many calories you burn and choose wich part of the body you want to work out . also the first one keeps steady track of how much work out time you have left this one does not .
 I bought this game thinking that it would be an extension of the first , with new exercises and tips , but found that is entirely a new game altogether . I love the original game because it does not require me to use controllers , this one does and it does not register your movements as quickly as it needs to . I plan on keeping the game , and will use it occasionally to add variety to my routine ; but would not recommend it as a primary fitness game .
 If you liked the original stay as far away from this one as possible . The developers removed all the positive aspects of the original My Fitness Coach and replaced it with flashier graphics and less quality workouts.Aspects of My Fitness Coach 1 not included in My Fitness Coach 2
 I was so excited about the new My Fitness Coach 2 , and braved snowy roads to purchase mine today . What a huge dissapointment ! First of all , I paid almost $ 30 for it at Walmart , so I really had high expectations . I got home , read the instruction manual and created my profile , easy enough , a few questions and weight . -LRB- It does incorporate the Wii balance board -RRB- . I did my first * workout * , it only took about 15 minutes and included 8 super easy excercizes . Never even broke a sweat or breathed hard ! There is alot of lag time between excersizes , you take a look at your progess , feedback , etc. . Each of the excersizes used the Wii remote and some incorporated the balance board . The pace was so slow , the number excersizes and reps so few , I think only those who hadnt got off of the couch in years would be challenged . Im a 52 year old , overweight female , only excersize occasionally , and My Fitness Coach 2 was a total breeze . I have used the original My Fitness Coach for a year now , and it is far superior . My Fitness Coach 2 does contain a nutrition section , that I did look at , but didnt see anything I didnt already know.Update
 I 've updated my review after a 2nd workout - see below.I am fairly new to Wii exercising , and had read so many great reviews on My Fitness Coach -LRB- the original -RRB- . I decided to hold out for the 2nd version to get the latest and greatest . I put the game into the console for the first time yesterday , and was very pleased to find there were 25 DIFFERENT `` goals '' within the set-up menu for my profile . I figured this was going to be super-sophisticated and give me exactly what I needed . I set up my profile with my two goals of `` Weight Loss '' and `` Heart Health '' , thinking I 'd get a lot of heart-pounding cardio with a little bit of toning . The workout began , with no indication of how long it was going to be . It gave me a fancy , dazzling graphical list of the exercises , where each one flipped over -LRB- animated -RRB- named the exercise plus the number of reps or duration -LRB- such as 3-minutes -RRB- . But nowhere could I tell how long the full workout was - unless I could mentally add up each exercise as it flipped by , and guess how long 12-reps of something would take.Anyhow , the workout consisted of ten exercises . Two of them were push-up based , one twisted into alternating T-stands after each push-up ; and the other had me lift alternate legs after each push-up . If I had put `` Upper Body Strength '' into my profile as a goal , I could understand the selection of these exercises as a full 1/5 of the 10 exercises given to me ; but certainly was n't expecting them in my `` Weight Loss '' and `` Heart Health '' routine . I couldn not even finish them because the balance board was not registering my movements properly , and the game kept asking me if I was `` having trouble '' . Finally , it gave me the option to skip these exercises , so I got to actually DO eight of the ten exercises in my routine . The routine itself -LRB- minus all the tutorials -RRB- was probably only 20 minutes long . It was definitely not anything that would make me think I would either lose weight doing it , or improve the health of my heart . Perhaps , if I could stick with the game , the workouts would improve . But for my limited exercise time , I doubt I will waste time trying.The other frustrating things were the extremely LONG time it took to score my performance after each exercise . I had to wait while flashing bars and various percentages and scores counted their way up to my overal performance level on that one exercise . Eventually , the evaluation screen rewarded me w / a certain score -LRB- like 89 % -RRB- and a certain color medal -LRB- like Silver or Gold -RRB- . Sure , I could skip that section by pressing the A-button , but it was another distraction I did n't need when trying to `` exercise '' rather than be `` mesmerized '' by the graphics . It seemed like it was geared towards providing instant feedback , but instead it just broke the flow of the workout . They could have just as effectively put all of this information at the end of the workout if you were curious about your `` timing '' or `` effort '' or `` balance '' on one specific exercise.Then , my virtual trainer offered me the same `` encouragement '' phrases over and over and over again . `` Way to go '' , `` You 're looking strong on this one '' , `` Keep it up '' , `` You make this look easy '' . There were also occasional helpful tips thrown in like `` Try to hold your arms steady when you lift your leg '' , which made me think the programming had some degree of sophistication to match the comments w / the exercises ; however most of the chatter was inane and repetitive . Then at the end of EACH exercise , I got a camera shot of the trainer raising his thumb up and saying what a great job I 'd done ; but his LIPS did n't move ! He just stood in front of the camera and smiled , while his voice said I was doing so well . That was really weird , since the trainers look almost like living actors , and you 'd think they could have at least had their mouth move to speak these words of praise.I spent a lot of time after the workout trying to find some what to turn OFF those inane words of encouragement and just keep the helpful tips , but there is no way I could find in the menu to do that . All I found was a way to adjust the trainer 's voice volume . And that took me a while to figure out , due to the style and layout of the menus.The menus in My Fitness Coach 2 are flashy and exciting - lots of eye-candy . They are Apple Computer/I-Pod Touch-like in form - lots of flipping square images and zooming graphics . But it 's slow to navigate and was n't intuitive to remember how to find an express workout , etc. . The extra workouts provided are OK , but still repetitive each time you do them ; so the boredom factor will set in quickly , I 'm afraid.All together , this was the biggest disappointment of all the Wii exercise games I have purchased so far -LRB- EA Sports Active , EA SA More Workouts , WiiFit Plus , Biggest Loser , Gold 's Cardio -RRB- . I will be trading `` My Fitness Coach 2 '' to GameStop and will replace it with the original `` My Fitness Coach '' game to get all the features I had hoped this one would improve upon . In this case , I think a downgrade to the old game will actually be an upgrade in quality of exercising.Update
 I was very disappointed in the game . I really like my fitness coach -LRB- 1 -RRB- you really get a work out . There are no pauses in the game like my fitness coach 2 . Granted they have 4 different trainers you can chose from but they will show you one move you conduct that move then you wait till you get the next instructions . I really did n't like this because you really do n't get a work out . If you want a good work out I suggest my fitness coach -LRB- the first version -RRB-
 As some reviewers have noted , My Fitness Coach 2 has absolutely nothing in common with My Fitness Coach other than the name . Here 's why.The original My Fitness Coach was developed by a company called Respondesign -LRB- who had created the original version , called Yourself!Fitness for the Playstation 2 -RRB- . It was a runaway hit on the Wii . Granted , it was little more than a glorified exercise video -LRB- the exercises consisted mainly of calisthenics , with no usage of the Wii 's unique controllers -RRB- . But you could definitely get a great cardio workout from it.In the meantime , in the UK , there was another completely different fitness game called NewU Fitness First
 I LOVED MFC1 and actually lost 50 pounds using it and counting calories . I could n't wait to buy the new version , and I ca n't believe how bad it is . I used it once and I will never use it again . The graphics are cheesy , and the work outs are pathetic . It 's like that took everything that was wrong with WiiFit -LRB- original -RRB- and copied it !
 I have several workout games for the Wii and this has to be the worst . It does n't register half the moves , so im working out twice as hard and getting no credit . The workouts are very short and simple ... I started with the `` moderately active '' and even went to the next level , still , very short , easy moves . I wanted a game that used my hand weights and ball , like the images on here shows , this game does not use them . As a vegetarian , the nutrition menu is useless . I really should just join a gym , I keep hoping Ill find a `` game '' that does n't require that , but alas , it seems inevitable !
 I thought this would be an actual upgrade from the original My Fitness Coach w/new exercises music , landscapes , etc. . Instead , it 's an entirely new game and nothing I would have ever purchased . Lousy ! I work out regularly and give this game Two thumbs down . Back to using My Fitness Coach original .
 not that many exercises in it , prefer the Wii Fitbut good for recipes , not what i bought it for !
 The overall idea of the game is good . But Very poor interaction with the wii fit board and controller . Contacted their tech support . They have to be one of the worst out there . The directed me to read three different forums , one being their own , none had any titles for the product!It alternates between your two goals you pick . The general progression is good it will back off when you flatten out and then step it up again when you progress . Also , it does have some good ideas for meals .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this . Luckily , it was a Lightning Deal , so I did n't pay full price . Just as other reviewers have said , this is a terrible workout game . The trainers are cheesy -LRB- giving you big thumbs up or looking frustrated if you do n't perform well -RRB- and the time between the exercises is such that you lose any momentum/heart rate you had going . I 'm going back to Maya and the original version ASAP .
 If you loved the original My Fitness Coach and were hoping for more of the same , forget it . My Fitness Coach 2 is a major letdown . There 's no fitness test to get you started and have the game tailor exercise routines for you . The exercises are only about 15 minutes and way too easy . There 's no yoga . You do n't even enter your weight to see any progress . I have been using the original version for years and was so excited that this new one was coming out . Very disappointing and not worth a penny . The old My Fitness Coach is so much better and suits me just fine !
 I am a fit person who goes to the gym 3-4 times per week , runs , and cycles . I bought the original My Fitness Coach a year ago and love it so much I have completed 90 workouts even though I honestly do n't even like to work out at home . I like it so much that my own dedication to it has been a pleasant surprise for me . I was so looking forward to My Fitness Coach 2 that I bought it before there were even any reviews for it . I 'll never do that again . What a waste of money . It 's horrible ! I 've used it a few times to see if I could find any redeeming qualities and there really are n't any . I agree with all the bad things the other reviewers have said and wo n't bother repeating what 's already been said other than it really is all flash and no substance . The workouts are so short and slow moving that I did n't feel I got anything from them at all . It was a total waste of my time . I 'd be surprised if anybody at Ubisoft actually tried it before they brought it to market . Stick with the original My Fitness Coach for a cardio workout or EA Sports Active for toning .
 I also pre-ordered this expecting this to be a more improved version of the MFC1 . I really had high hopes for this game but got nothing but disappointment and anger knowing I spent $ 30 on this . It is nothing like the first version . As Antoine meriweather from Men on Film from In living color would say ... '' `` HATED IT '' This is nothing like the first version . They have corny human trainers that give you a creepy thumbs up when the exercise is finished . Nothing is cohesive , its very broken up with rocky transitions btw exercises . Too much time btw exercises . I do n't like how you ca n't choose the length of time you work out . You ca n't choose what you want to work on , -LRB- ie arms , abs , flexibilty , etc -RRB- The workouts are not long enough whatsoever . I do n't like how you ca n't use weights or balance ball or things like that . I know people are all about the balance board but I would rather use my other equipment . I will never buy something without reading the reviews first . I thought this would be in great demand so I wanted to jump on the ball . NEVER AGAIN !!! Truly , I think I will use this to supplement my workouts if that . Do some cardio workout , WII fit , MFC1 and then maybe this too . I dont know , but they need to do some serious revamping of this . I feel bad for the trainers who had to give those stupid looks after the exercises . Man the criticizim they are facing ! sucks for them . Dont waste your money !
 I really thought this was going to be great . Was I wrong . The first one is so much better . They really should of kept the same concept of the first one , but incorporate new things to make it better , like different animated trainers and different places to train and harder workouts . I hated the graphics on the second one . It looked so fake . The trainers to me were very annoying . I did n't like that it used the balance board and the wii remote . I found that you really had to swing the remote high in the air if you were jogging , or it did n't count . The balance board also did n't recognize that I was doing the push ups . Very annoying . I do n't know if anybody else had this problem , but I am definately bringing this back .
 I had such high hopes for this sequel to My Fitness Coach . My hopes were shattered . I bought this without reading any reviews or seeing any information about what the game was about . Wo n't make that mistake again . All of the functionality that was in the previous version is no longer here -LRB- select length of workout , what exercise you want to do , change the level , change the music , etc. -RRB- . You do not have much control at all over your workouts . I am a fit person so I need something that challenges me . The previous version still challenges me . The 2nd version barely gives you any workout . Even those who never exercise will get any benefit from this . My advice , do not spend your money on this ! This is yet another one of UBISOFT 's disappointments -LRB- just like Your Shape -RRB- .
 Just another review to add to the list of those who say that this is nothing like My Fitness Coach 1 . Very disappointing . If you 're looking at this because you liked the first one , do n't get this . It 's a waste of money . Poorly made . Cheesey .
 I do n't care for this game . It is flat and boring , it does n't keep track of when I work out , it just keeps it 's own schedule . I do not recommend .
 If you are new to working out or have been out of a routine for awhile , say 15 years or more , then you may want to consider this game . For someone like me who starts and stops exercise routines multiple times a year , this game is a complete waste of money . When I start a workout , I like to do that to the end . I do not like to stop for more time than a specific exercise to get rated and praised . Praise from a video game sound is just as hollow as getting a certificate in class for best teeth.Then there are the menus . Sure it is nice to have ideas of healthy meals . Just try to cook them though . There is no way to print the menus and I really do n't like the idea of having to drag the television and Wii setup to the kitchen . As for finding old recipes that you liked , good luck.If you can do fast walk for over 20 minutes , It is just not worth the money .
 First time writing a review and I thought I should so people wo n't waste their money on this one . . After reading all review I decided to risk it and bought it anyway . Well , it is my second week of training only but I am not really trilled about it.Negative : - There is no way to find out how much time you actually spend training - no time indication . - No way to customize your workouts unless you change your goal - I did not get much of flexibility exercises however it was my secondary goal . - The board does n't register push ups properly no matter how hard I try . - I was looking forward to use stability ball or other equipment - no chance , there is no option - Workout is too short - I would say about 15 min no longer . If you try challenges part - then maybe 25-30 min in total.Positive : - Nice interface - You can choose no meat , fish in nutrition part and it will give you vegetarian recipes . I did n't use any of the recipes so it was not useful for me . I am not a person who will read recipes and then cook it following your TV screen .
 I ordered this game , thinking it would be an updated version of My Fitness Coach 1 . It is not . Sure you get your own personal trainer and to pick your scenes , but that is the extent of the similarities.Pros : Gives you a menu and will even create a shopping list.The personal trainers are real people , not computer generated.You can pick 2 out of 25 goals to be your focus.It incorporates the Wii Balance Board.With use of the balance board , and wii remote it charts your progress.If you do n't have time for a full workout you can do a quick workout that only takes about 10 minutes.It weighs you to let you better track your progress.Different challenges to kick it up a notch!Cons : There is a lag between exercises , but just keep clicking A and the lag is only about 10 seconds.It does n't let you use hand weights or a stability ball like My Fitness Coach 1 does.Bottom line , if you are looking to get another workout in , because you are a little bored with the first My Fitness Coach , this one seems to be pretty good . I 'll probably use both of mine alternating days . I really like that it has healthy recipes on here , and with pictures , makes them look super yummy ! I think I will be happy with this game . I tend to get bored easy , so hopefully this will keep me motivated.UPDATE
 I purchased this `` game '' -LRB- MFC2 -RRB- because I liked the first installment -LRB- MFC1 -RRB- , but I was only disappointed by most aspects of the program . I agree with most other reviews on this site , that if you enjoyed the first My Fitness Coach , you will likely hate this one.Fitness : Where MFC1 's trainer is one animated computer generated -LRB- CG -RRB- trainer and environment , MFC2 has four awkward `` real '' trainers who 's likeness is overlaid onto four different `` green-screen '' style backgrounds.Whereas MFC1 , would run you through and entire 15 , 30 , 45 , 60 , or 75 minute workout , MFC2 does not offer this feature . In MFC2 , during your initial set-up you choose a primary and secondary fitness goal and it -LRB- supposedly -RRB- creates a fitness plan to meet those goals . As far as I could tell , the only way it measures progress is by measuring your weight -LRB- and body mass index - BMI -RRB- every time you sign in , so if you were wanting to work on your six-pack -LRB- one of the actual 12 or so goals -RRB- , I do n't see how it can measure your progress.In contrast , MFC1 would have you occasionally take body measurements to allow you to monitor your own progress ; however , if your goal is not necessarily to lose weight , but inches , MFC1 is still going to prompt you to choose `` weight loss '' as your suggested goal if your BMI is over 25 or so . In other words , it too does not take into account body composition in its analysis.MFC1 would run you through your workout by beginning with a warm-up to get your heart rate -LRB- HR -RRB- up and muscles warm . As far as I can tell , MFC2 does not do this . MFC2 runs you through a pre-determined series of exercises with pauses in between . You never seem to get any type of cardio benefit from the workout.Nutrition : One new addition in MFC2 is the nutrition aspect . Though , not very comprehensive by any stretch of the imagination , the nutritional program offers you several recipes for every day of the week . For every day you are offered two recipes for each meal
 My wife and I had the original MFC and when we saw MFC2 we were excited thinking they took the old one and added some new things ... WRONG ! I can barely get warmed up doing the workout programs and the constant stopping between workouts is just annoying . The best part of the first MFC was the fact it was a cardio workout so you actually were burning more calories and toning because you were going at it full force with short rests towards the end . The MFC2 game is nothing more the Wii fit with out the balance games and added nutrition information that is readily available online . If you played the original like my wife and I stay away from this game . You will be extremely disappointed and just wasting money . Since you have a balance board you 'd have Wii Fit or Wii Fit Plus and so you already have what this game offers for quality of work out.To end on a positive the graphics were extremely improved from the first .
 I bought the second version of My Fitness Coach because I enjoyed the first one so much . It was a total disappointment . There is no place to add what equipment I own , no place to control the duration of the workouts or how challenging they are . The workouts are too short . I like the fact that I can use the Wii board and monitor the weight ; however , I do n't like the new set up with the instructors and I do n't use the nutrition part . Total waste of my money !
 Why ca n't someone make a great work out for the WII ? My Fitness Coach , the original , is SO CLOSE to `` just right '' that I had to try this one . The daily workouts consist of 8 exercises ... that 's it . And if the controller does n't communicate with the unit , well , eventually it becomes annoying . I was hoping for a good workout that could progressively get more challenging as I got better . I need the `` company '' during my workouts to help me keep focused and motivated . This is just not the tool I was looking for . Even with its minor flaws , the original is still the best one for the money . I 'm really disappointed !
 I love My Fitness Coach and could n't wait for the follow up . The creators only needed to add some workout moves and update the graphics/backgrounds and they would have had gold but no they revamped the whole thing . Do n't bother buying My Fitness Coach 2 it will only disappointment and the cheesy thumbs up from the trainers only adds insult to injury . -LRB- Hey creators ... start on 3 and go back to the original format with a few more moves and poses . You owe us ! -RRB-
 My sister sent me the first fitness coach about six months ago . I have a very physically strenuous summer job , and it 's important that I stay fit during the winter months . I have loved the first fitness coach exactly because of this . It 's a simple game , does n't require any extra equipment , and I can hop out of bed without thinking and show up in front of the TV to work out every morning at 6:00 . Easy.Not so with the new fitness trainer . I 'm not even sure what to do with it . I added my info like with the first game , picked my personal trainer , and was ready to get started . I found the work-out menu -LRB- the menus are too complicated ... why ? -RRB- and was ready to get started . But I found I did n't get started . I was sent through a weird tutorial segment ... and then a start segment ... and if I did n't move my arms enough during the march ... the `` orb '' turned yellow . So then I started moving my arms more , and the orb turned green for a bit , and then back to yellow . It 's TOO complicated ! I just want Maya , and 60 minutes of fitness with the music , setting and physical focus area that I choose . Why make something that was SO simple before , now so difficult ? Argh . I 'm glad I got this one on sale . I 'm giving it to a friend.Bethanie
 When I saw that there was a second `` My Fitness coach '' I was so excited . I love the first version and so figured they had improved on an already good thing . What a complete waste of my money ! The exercises are easy , the workout time is very limited ... mine are 10 minutes each . There are not near the number of options , and the nutrition section is a joke , just a bunch of recipes you can find online or in a book ... no way of tracking what you are eating , or ways to track your calorie/carb intake . The biggest let down is the exercise routine itself . There is no way you will ever get any cardio benefit from the way it is set up . You do an exercise , then they make you wait through a bunch of irrelevant garbage before you can go on to the next exercise ... you loose whatever increase in heart rate you may have gained ; unless it is elevated in frustration . Plus the workouts are so very short . Just ca n't say too much bad about this program ... hope not too many people get duped as I did ... I really wish I could get my money back . Buy the first one , it is the best program I have found !
 I have to agree with everyone 's bad reviews on the exercises and trainers . It is hard to look at the screen during some of the exercises to get the timing down ... the trainers are obnoxious ... etc.But the nutrition section is even worse ! I was hoping to get some recipe ideas , but the recipes are all written using British English and British measurements ! How should I know how high to put the oven on when it tells me gas 5 , gas mark 3 , or gives the temperature in Celsius ? The ingredients and instructions are also in British English , so without using the internet to translate you ca n't even follow most of them . If you view the credits , you will see that it was produced in the UK.We contacted UbiSoft , and they looked at their disk and the recipes were the same for them , so it is not like there is another version . The game was only tested in the UK , not in the US . We asked about a patch and were told that most people who use this type of a game do not have their Wii online -LRB- we do n't -RRB- , so there was probably nothing they could do , though it will be brought up to management . The game should not have been distributed without testing . The tech guy was puzzled by this but offered no solution.This was not a satisfactory response , in my opinion . A refund or replacement offer would have been nice , instead of just `` oops '' . No more UbiSoft games for us ! -- Laura
 well , with this product i 'm not sure what to think have n't had a chance to play game it would not work in my wii game and my game system is practiacly new only had a few months or so and it could not read any of the wii excirse 2 game and i , v tried like about 3 of them none of them could be read but my other games work fine so , i 'm not sure if those games were bootlegged games or not ...
 I purchased this because I loved MFC and was hoping that MFC2 was just an improved version . I was way wrong . There is no real workout . You do exercises with lots of lag between . The only time I can see using this game is when I only have 10-15 minutes to exercise .
 This is not a workout ... . by the time each exercise actually gets started -LRB- tons of lag time between exercises -RRB- you heart rate is down . All bells & whistles and no substance . The Biggest Loser Wii is MUCH MUCH better .
 It did n't work well on our Win Xp computer . While the game was getting stuck my son lost interest in less than 15mins . He loves the show and enjoys playing online Cyberechase games at PBS Kids -LRB- works much better -RRB- ... so this is a waste of money and disappointment for us .
 The sounds only works in the intro , and then cuts off.If you go to the manufacturer site and search for it under tech support , they will even tell you its a WinXP SP1 issue , and there is no fix.Not a very fun game without sound.Since we opened it - no returns for us .
 Please do not buy this , I wonder why they even sell this , who would have 95/98/me very rare , I wasted my money on this , bcaz I did not pay any attention to the review , got burnt.Not a very fun game without sound.NO NO NO Never .
 I start this review with a confession
 The witcher is an amazing game and a great buy for your money . But not if you value your computer . The witcher uses Tages protection . Something compleatly incompatible with most systems today . It will make you crash and lag on off times . Even better yet . Good antivirus systems recommend you do n't install this at all . They 'll throw hissy fits . For good reason too . Just do n't buy this game . It is n't worth it .
 After watching a number of video reviews and previews for the game , and after veiw the simply incredible screenshots , I decieded I had to have this game . All the reviews and previews promised fasxt paced and innovative combat , deep character customization and a large , explorable game world.Simply NONE of this was true.To begin with , the combat just doesnt feel right . It consists of simply clicking your opponent , watching some rather cheesy combat animations and then trying to time your next click so that your character performs a combo . Thats it . That is simply not innovative , but rather repettive after the first few battles.Next comes the camera . Where to begin ? None of the camera angels feel right and all of them have defects . The up close camera constantly gets caught , faces the wrong way or simply impossible to maneuver . The mid range camera is too far out , making you miss out on the graphics , while the even further out camera makes your character look like little more than an animated dot.Next , traveling . Walking around in this game is problematic due to the camera , which gets caught.Load times . Load times are ludicrous in length and ruin the feel of the game.This game is simply not worth it , I gave it two stars for the decent graphics .
 I was really excited to play this game however when I installed it , it did n't want to work . The files not only messed up my computer , but my boyfriend 's as well . He has one that is meant for gaming , and he still had issues . His whole computer ran slower , he had errors popping up left and right , basically the same thing that happened when I installed it on mine . This was the worst buy I have ever made on amazon .
 I just want to caution you about patching this game . In order to apply patch 1.4 you need to register the game with the designer in Europe . After you complete the registration , you are supposed to receive an email code to allow you to patch . You never receive the code and can not apply the patch . It appears to be a scam to get your information.Atari is completely useless in providing the patch or a method of installing the patch . Atari distributes games , but does n't seem to care whether the customer can get support for those games . This was also my experience with Ghostbusters.This review is more about the support of the game verse the game itself . Do n't buy games from Atari !
 I ordered this because of all the hype . Had I known I would n't be able to get it to run on my Windows 7 laptop , I would n't have bothered . After a long install and excitement to play , error after error . I googled up the wazoo looking for solutions and each one I did was for nothing . I followed directions for the driver error fix , yet no change . I uninstalled multiple times , re-installing and starting over with patches , fixes , etc. . This game now sits collecting dust because it was n't in the least bit compatible . I was very irritated that with each effort , the game would n't work .
 AS I was decived by The Witcher 2 pc game , Now so even more . Did not launch . Was not Installed . Can not play . Patches did not work either . Nor instructions from the off.site worked . Do n't want to spend all my time downloading . Buyer Beware ! If it is not the ENHACED EDTION - Do n't buy . I have a very decent Lt.
 I am interested in why most people are happy with this game . I can not stand the combat , it is for me a game killer . Combat is as follows
 I played this through chapter 2 and lost interest . There is alot to it and it kept my interest until I realized that some of the quests are outright boring . I really wanted to like this game , but the dialog is boring . The dialog option you get to choose do not flow well with the conversation . The game is very buggy as well . Save a lot because it will crash . There was a part when I just kept going up to this gate and I got some dialog and then the game camera was stuck , I could n't do anything ... I gave up after that . It seems that developers need to fix a few things still as I am playing the newest version . The fun part is the fighting and building your character . The stat tree is kinda cool . Making potions from herbs is cool . I wish they would have made more of a way to blacksmith . You only get to switch between 1 piece of armor . The game is just kinda boring . I bet it was pretty darn cool back in 2007 though .
 First , great visuals , interesting story . But ... two quest characters failed to spawn for me in chapter one . That means I can go no further . Researching the community pages for The Witcher reveals others also have this problem . It seems this problem is related to an encryption code error that prevents even some legitimate game disks from loading these quest characters early in the game as a piracy prevention scheme . So , I am stuck in chapter one.This may only apply to the uncensored version of the game , the one Ibought.EDIT UPDATE 12-27-07I finally got the game to work . Here 's what I did . I installed patch 1.2 -LRB- latest patch released just prior to Christmas -RRB- , started the game all over again -LRB- took an hour or so to replay into chapter one -RRB- and I always start the game by reinserting the disk instead of leaving the disk in the drive between plays . Now the two main quest RPCs appear !!! Researching the community pages for this game indeed revealed that the game developers -LRB- CdProjekt -RRB- hired a European security company -LRB- TAGES -RRB- to install an anti-pirate scheme . It works by not allowing two key RPGs from respawning later in the game if you have started the game using a pirated copy . So , one can not finish the game with a pirated copy but a pirate will presumedly have played it enough to want to buy a legit copy.Unfortunetely , many folks with legitimate copies also had this problem -LRB- me included -RRB- . Writing to CdProjekt or Atari -LRB- US distributor -RRB- , or TAGES -LRB- Security company -RRB- got me no usefull responses . Actually , no response from either CdProject -LRB- sent to two DEVs -RRB- or Atari -LRB- sent twice -RRB- . The email response from TAGES was so poorly written in english , I could not decipher it 's meaning.So this remains a bitter sweet review . Even though they finally fixed the problem -LRB- I suspect the new patch -RRB- , I have also learned that Cdproject and Atari have absolutely no usefull customer service to help someone when a problem occurs . Unlike Bethesda -LRB- Morrowind/Oblivion -RRB- and Ubisoft -LRB- Silent Hunter/Sturmovik IL2 series sims -RRB- who always answered me within one day with solutions or recommendations to my querries , Cdprojekt/Atari did not even respond that they will look into the matter . Hope this helps .02 / 13/08 Final UpdateI thought patch 1.2 fixed everything but I was wrong . When I started chapter 4 of the game , it started crashing constantly , every 5 minutes . I was just about to give up when I went back to the community pages and researched if anyone else was having similar issues . Sure enough a player named Mobidoy had the crashing problem and suggested modifying your vista machine . Go to the community pages and search Mobidoy to get the specifics -LRB- go to The Witcher Official site . Navigate to the forum pages . Select search . Type in `` mobidoy '' . Scroll down to `` Things to try to get the game running on vista '' . -RRB- . You may not have to do them all but following Mobidoy 's steps difinitely helped me . NO MORE CRASHES . The steps involve turning off user accounsts , increasing user Va , removing Enable Write Caching on the hard drive , disable visual theme and desktop composition . It seems like alot of mods but I did it in just a few minutes . I have not noticed any bad effects with my new vista machine or with any other software on the machine . My hat is off to Mobidoy for sharing the fixes . They really worked and probably helped my computer 's overall performance .
 I have a Dell XPS 700 Dual Core 2.4 Ghz with 2 GB of RAM , and an NVidia Geoforce 7900 GS.Transitioning zones is painfully slow ; I could read up to a chapter of a good book while I wait . Moving in and out of buildings as small as a hut is considered a zone where the system needs to load the zone . The game crashes frequently as well.This was the most money I completely wasted in 2007 . I 'm sorry I purchased the product.Yes , if some one pays for full shipping , they can freely have the product from me .
 If you look at the one and two star reviews you will notice a constant complaint - the combat . It is truly awful , try the demo and see for yourself . It is unlike any other rpg , you have to click at the exact moment when a silly flash happens on the sword , it is based on twitch reflexes and is like an arcade game . Just the combat alone makes this game a must not buy because like in all rpgs , combat is a main focus of the game . Lets just say even the developer knows this design was a total lemon and will be changing it for the witcher 2 -LRB- quietly though -RRB- . Unless you want to be play an arcade style rpg skip this , there are many other rpgs with real depth and good combat mechanics than this available .
 If you enjoy aggravation buy this game , enjoy crashing to the desktop , buy this game . my computer is high-end enough that it runs on high settings but even if i tone it down , it crashes . customer support ? I ca n't even register the game , oh I registered on the forum OK but the game said i have n't done it yet.I wish i had checked the forum site 1st I would have seen all the grief people are having ... do n't buy this game .
 I really , really wanted to like this game because I love the premise . However , I was unable to play it more than 30 minutes at a time due to it crashing constantly . It would happen when the game was loading a new screen and when I tried to save my progress . My computer specs go above and beyond what is recommended , I have downloaded all of the patches available , I have tried everything under the sun to get this game to work , and yet it STILL crashes . This is now a well known issue and there are tons of people , besides myself , having this problem.If you have Vista wait until they come out with patches that fix this because the game is unplayable .
 Let me start off by saying that I did play this game for several hours in hope that it would get better , but after seeing the manual and all the other crap i had to go through to get the game to work in the first place , I was severely disappointed . This game is awful . THe graphics may be amazing the the engine is not efficient , there 's no reason why these visuals could n't run on slower machines like cards from the Geforce 7 series . The games Antipiracy protection did little to prevent anything but people being able to enjoy their legitimate copy of the game . I had to delete my Adapti system file after editing registry files for an hour and disabling my virtual drives , no game should be this restrictive on your computer 's hardware , or software for that matter , what was the point of the registration code in the box if it still did n't let me play after i entered it . It took me 6 hours to get this game to run and the average user would n't have known how to fix this . Any game that has an entire forum full of `` HELP TAGES SAYS MY DISK IS NOT ORIGINAL '' and topics like `` My friends pirated copy of the game is running '' should not even be bothered with , It 's tedious and unenjoyable to begin with having to go through all this trouble just to play it is ridiculous . I 'm glad I only paid 8 dollars for it , if you were one of the few unfortunate enough to spend 50 dollars on this pile of crap I mourn for your loss . If you like overly tedious combat systems with poor animations this is a good game for you , otherwise steer clear . I 've heard people praising this game for it 's depth , but honestly the only depth is has is the alchemy system which takes a degree in Chemistry to even begin to understand immediately .
 This will be short ... but not sweet . This company made a huge effort to create a beautiful game and I think in a large degree they succeeded . But they made a major mistake for the US market . And for the UK and the Germany markets too . They elected to censor their own creation . They cut from the US version and the UK versions aspects of the game that are natural , normal and healthy but in the bizare modern US morality market , we are allowed to see unlimited blood , violence , gore and profanity but not the human form . In the German version they cut the `` violence '' but left the human aspect untouched . These are decisions the buyer has the right to make for themselves . They also did not think we read in the USA so we do NOT get a printed manual . And they do not disclose this in any evident manner in the advertising . I do not sadly recomend purchasing this until an honest and open choice is allowed the purchaser .
 Maybe it is just that Oblivion set the standard so high for RPG games but I am disappointed with this game . Graphics are only average , the game is pretty linear , combat not that fun , and much to my disappointment I just could not get into it . Maybe you will have a different experience but I would be cautious about spending over fifty bucks for this game like I did .
 Has some merits but pales in comparison to Morrowind \ Oblivion , Dungeon Siege , Lion Heart , etc. . Its obvious the creators have opted for glitz over substance . My suggestion ? Save your $ 55.00 + replay Diablo . Far more fun and satisfying without the obvious performance and technical issues . When the 1.2 patch for this game is about 115 mb 's its obvious there are some serious technical flaws .
 This game had very high reviews on this and other PC game websites . I downloaded this game from Amazon in high anticipation of some great game playing . When the game started I was taken aback at how slow and uninteresting the game was . Where was the magic and excitement?A drawback is you do n't get a 360 degree sweep during fights , you get like 2 or 3 viewpoints to view fights . This is crucial because during a fight , you need to see perspectives.An additional drawback ; some quests have you walk through a country side , your view point is limited , you ca n't capture the feel of the environment , like e.g. in DAO , basically because there is no detail in the landscape . Most all the environments are particulary uninteresting , appearing dull . The NPC 's hardly move inch , and their speech has no emotion or inflection , like a disembodied voice . Continuing to add to the complete dullness of the game.Also , the main character does n't move naturally , or naturally enough . The detail is again lackingas in other RPG games . It problaby was n't but it seems like The Witcher was made when this genre began 30 years ago . Its like a silent movie compared to Star Wars.The game seems to be unable to create an effect of maigc or excitement ; you just do things.For example ; As was stated , your -LRB- maximum -RRB- attack occurs , when you are `` told by the game '' to attack . Everybody around you is fighting , but youre waiting to give the `` effective attack '' , as randomly instructed by the game . You do n't get involved in the game enough to be a part of it.Good Points
 i have n't even received my games yet so i do n't know how good they are to play . i emailed the seller and am disappointed that i have not heard back
 This game could have been a good game 18 months ago , but now its flat . With the release of great games like Midnight Club 3 , Forza Motorsport , Gran Tourismo 4 , and Need For Speed Underground 2 , this game doesnt hold water . The biggest problem is paying for the races . Some are free but as you progress the free races get harder to find . And if you have to pay for the race funds start to get low because you also have to pay for damages . I have no problem needing to repair your car and having to pay for it , but this game has more focus on budgeting money instead of developing a car and racing it . You put a team together and can get drivers to drive for you . Personally I want to drive much less have someone drive for me . I have no problem getting a `` posse '' together , but I WAN NA DRIVE . The graphics are decent but not quite as good as Midnight Club 3 or Forza . There are just to many other racing games out there that offer just that little bit more to make a good game . Pass this game up for one of the other I have mentioned .
 I was contemplating 2 stars , but the anger over spending money on renting overcame that generosity . Essentially , this game is like the burro of racing games . It 's GT4 and NFSU mixed together with poor graphics and mundane style . By the way , it 's BORING !!! The tracks are short , the handling falls under decent , except for the handbrake which when lightly tapped spins the car out in a 360 -LRB- umm , physics ? -RRB- and the poor attempt at simulating the street racing culture is , well , cheesy and pointless considering it 's not a street racing type of game . That is , they 're tracks , all tracks , with barriers galore . Renting it is probably the best way to go on this one , if at all .
 this game say 's mediocre all over it and say 's bankrupted all over where should i start the grapics are o.k for this game but the sound is awfull and the gameplay and when i first bought this game i thought it will be like a need for speed underground game but noo !!! its like a street syndicate game that also is a mediocre so heres the reviewgraphics 4/10 its good for a game like thissound 3.5 / 10 just plain awfullgameplay 4.5 / 10 it sucks bad !!!!!!! overall 4.3 / 10 i think game woke up on the wrong side of the bed !!!!!!! i brought my game back to walmart !!!!
 I think this game is horrible because it 's just fake . I think the graphic 's are bad , the screen is too scrunched up , and the cars are terrible . Where are the good cars ?! I see no good cars ! Maybe if you worked on it a bit more , you 'd come out a non-stop selling product . Now , `` Need for Speed Most Wanted '' is a great game . It 's real , like in career mode there is actual cars . Yes it is fun to attend races , but I think you should spend more time adjusting to this video game .
 This game is a blast - no way around it . But Steam , Valve 's annoying memory hog run in the tray adware copyright protection content delivery application is a constant source of screaming fits . Every time I sit down and I just want to play for 30 minutes or something before work or school , Steam throws an error and refuses to let me into the game , even going so far as to tell me that I do not own the game , or its `` unavailable . `` Valve is going to have to realize that treating customers like criminals is just bad business , and that Steam has GOT to go.I can no longer reccomend this game despite it 's being so much fun , because at least % 50 of the time I try to get in to play it , I am unable for some error .
 I endorse all the other reviewers postive comments about this game . As 1st person shooters go , it 's about as good as they get . But I felt I had to post a warning for anyone who , like me , had no idea about this ` Steam ' anti-piracy thing.Frankly , I thought some of the other reviewers were getting too worked up about it . After all , for goodness sake , how bad can it be?The answer is , very , very bad . I really , REALLY resent having to install this kind of adware on my machine , just so I can pay a game that I paid good cash for . I ca n't believe how intrusive the Steam system is , and much as I love this game , I will not ever buy any other product that forces me to install this junk on my machine , regardless of how good the game may be .
 Half Life 2 is a very good game that combines puzzle-solving and First person shooting elements . The gameplay is fun , as are the graphics and sound.First , let me start off with the basic summary.You play as Gordon Freeman , physiologist of Black Mesa . After the accident and defeating the Xen , the G-man offered Gordon a job in which he assumingly accepted . In the beginning of the game , you end up in City 17 , during the time where the Combine -LRB- Aliens -RRB- invaded and controlled Earth . Throughout the game you fight the Combine as well as Zombies.A very fun and interesting part of Half Life are not the standard weapons , but the Gravity Gun . Using the Gravity Gun , you can lift almost anything , and towards the end , even people . The physics are really amazing . If you turn on a furnace and throw a gas tank in there , a fire will start , burning zombies chasing you.Here are your weapons
 If you buy this game used , it will not play ! The game must log onto the game developer 's network and verify that your key is unused . If your key has already been used , they will not give you another one ! -LRB- They will , however , give you the run around . They will also pit you against their crappy web `` help '' system . -RRB- This is probably illegal , but for now , it is just a waste of the $ 20 to buy the CD .
 I purchased this game used from Amazon Marketplace . Everything that I would expect to come with a used game came with this copy
 I 'd like to write a review of the game itself , but unfortunately I ca n't even play it ! Not only do you need to install the steam software to play online , but you have to install it for offline single player mode as well ! Hey Valve , here 's a newsbreak-not everybody has a high speed connection ! When I purchased this game -LRB- for forty bucks -RRB- , I knew I would n't be able to play online right now , but I figured I would be able to at least play the single player modes offline without installing Steam . So now what do I have ? A forty dollar beer coaster . Thanks Valve . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying any Valve or Steam-related games ever again . You just lost a customer before even using your product . What a shame .
 Half life 1 was a good game and very challeging at times . This game is good too and you have to find the right way to get to the next level . Bad news now . The graphics require a very high graphics card and memory . Now the worst is that , I just wanted to play a single game and after I installed the game I still had to down load more crap and the whole game again and register to play a game I paid for . Now I am down loading Counter Strike in which I already installed . It takes me over an hour just to start to play a game here.I am now going to look for Notices that say that I must register and down load the games that I have the disc for . Steam will not have me as a customer if they keep this up.I would not buy another game like this one .
 I 'd just gotten a really nice new video card , and was looking forward to the reportedly awesome graphics . After installing disc after disc , I start the game to get an obscure Steam error . It ca n't find a DLL . So I go to the web site looking for support , enter the exact message , and get no help . Find one page to re-install Steam , follow the instructions , no joy . Futz with it and the web site for another hour , find another page so that you basically install it manually . It finally works.Sort of . I have a real firewall on my network , not some cheesy host-based firewall , and now it ca n't connect . This is because the network protocol design is about the worst that I 've ever seen . Someone with 1/2 a brain could make all this work using ONE connection , preferably to a port that normally goes through firewalls . With this sort of junk design , am I going to expose this to the raw internet ? I think not . I do n't expose anything listening out through my firewall , and that 's stuff that 's built by people who know what they 're doing . This shop would n't know an IP option if it bit them . -LRB- Yes , I am the same guy as wrote books on application and network security -RRB- . Does the app correctly figure out that the network is blocking them , and tell the user what 's wrong ? Nooooo . It just hangs indefinately . Given that the install is junk quality , and the network protocol and error handling is junk quality , I 'm expecting the rest of the game to have similar low QA standards , so I lodge a complaint with support . I 'd like my $ $ $ back because my local shop wo n't take back something that 's been opened . 4 days -LRB- !!! -RRB- later , tech support gets around to responding . They wo n't take back the software , so I just sold it to someone here at work.So it has a really bad installer , turns your firewall into swiss cheese , EVEN IF ALL YOU WANT IS TO PLAY ON YOUR OWN SYSTEM , and they have the worst tech support I 've ever seen.I 'm really sympathetic to anti-piracy measures . I really am . I do n't like people that steal software . I 've made my living for a long time working with people who sell software . I just want to play my legally purchased game on my own computer , and if I could do that without mangling my firewall rules , that would be cool.How 's the game ? I do n't know . Never got that far . I hear it 's nice . I do know I wo n't buy another game from this shop .
 Be warned
 This game requires steam to play , and without a cd key that is n't taken , u ca n't play it , therefore this order was completely useless .
 I bought this used without knowing I would need a new CD-key . Thanks to the CD-key problem , I was not able to play this game AT ALL . It was for a great price and I was a bit to stupid without knowing about this . Next time , buy it from Steam .
 I have no idea how the game is because I bought it from an Amazon marketplace seller and now the `` Steam '' anti-piracy protection system wo n't let me play it.I went to the Steam support pages like I was told to , and I read this : '' ... you must have a copy of your purchase receipt from within the last 90 days to have the CD Key moved to your account . `` We do not accept receipts from online auction websites or used software vendors . If you do not provide a purchase receipt , Valve will not be able to transfer the CD Key . `` I ca n't believe that anyone accepts this as a reasonable way to sell consumers a game in a box , but I guess they do!I read a thread on some Half-Life 2 forum where the users were telling a guy not to bother Valve , the software creators , with questions about their policy , but rather just to return his used game to whoever he bought it from.Unbelievable!From what I hear , maybe if I send the right person at Valve an actual photo of my box , and wait two months , I might be allowed to play . However , that 's certainly not what the text on the Steam support page says.If this is really the accepted practice regarding used copies of Half-Life 2 , then what is Amazon doing letting their marketplace sellers sell these used copies?Unbelievable ! How much research is one supposed to do when buying a game ?
 Pros
 I purchase this game for 20 dollars , I install it , and to my disappointment , it freezes on the loading screen . I underwent all the basic procedures of updating my video drivers -LRB- I have an ATI Radeon Xpress 200 -RRB- , made sure that Direct X was updated to its full capacity , I uninstalled and exited all unneccessary programs that may have interfered with Steam-but yet , I still get no response . once in a while , the game will tempt me by allowing me to get into the Main Menu and even once , letting me play parts of the first level . But NOOO ! These brief excursions pose only as false hopes . I 've gone through hours now trying to fix the problem.I am very disappointed . Well , I 'm going to go back to playing Minesweeper now . So much for high end gaming .
 The game 's great , but jumping through all 579 hoops required to register a Steam account just is n't worth the time and effort . Lord help you if you lose your Steam password , as I did.The process for lost password
 Do not spend your money on this game . You have to have an internet connection to install the game and it will take a long time to update and install . Then you may find as I have that the game crashes as it loads the first new game . I have n't seen a playable frame yet . This is supposed to be an episodic release and episode 1 will not even play . I will never buy another Valve product again .
 Valve has the perfect con going . They charge you forty bucks to buy a game that you ca n't play UNLESS you use steam to verify that you actually bought it but since STEAM may make your computer crash or freeze your system so you ca n't actually play the game and since you opened the box you ca n't return it to the the store and get your money back . INTELLECTUAL COPYRIGHT FASCISM has led to this state of affairs where crooks like VALVE can sell you products that do n't work and YOU do n't have the right to get your money back . Boycott VALVE and do n't ever download games -LRB- from any company -RRB- so that we do n't get to a future where STEAM is the only way to play games at all . That is the future these INTELLECTUAL COPYRIGHT HOLDER FASCISTS are drooling over . Do n't give it to them .
 I bought Half Life 2 after it had been recomended by countless other gamers . What I found was not a game but an exercise in frustration.First thing you notice when you open the box is that there 's no manual or documentation of any kind . NONE ! But that is not the worst of it . In order to play Half Life 2 you must first intsall Valve 's own online program called Steam . The only indication that I got that I had to install Steam and agree to their user agreement was on the specs sticker at the bottom of the box . Nowhere else on the box does it say that you have to install Steam on the package . And even that was a little ambiguous to say the least . Every time you want to play HL2 you have to sign into and connect to Valve 's online network , even if you want to play the single player game . What 's worse is that Steam drops a running process on to your MSCONFIG Startup list and there is no way to turn it off . Allegedly there 's an offline mode but even after selecting it in the options menu it still I still could n't turn off the Steam process . In essecnce even though you pay for the game you do n't actually own it . If you try to uninstall Steam the game will not boot up . After finding this out I pretty much gave up on the game completely , since it was opened I could n't return it and I had to eat the cost of the game.So in a nutshell Half Life 2 was pretty much ruined by the installation of Valve 's little monster called Steam . If you really want to play this game get it for a console that way you cut Steam completely out of the picture . But after this experience I do n't think I can in good conscience recomend any Valve products in the future .
 The low rating does not reflect on the game since I ca n't install it without the key code which , unfortunately , was n't enclosed . It is , however , an assessment of their tech support which has not responded to numerous emails . Perhaps the key code was on the manual which did n't arrive with the game , either , although there was a place for one in the case . Think long and hard before buying this one 'cause once you open it you ca n't return it !!!
 Single player game - yes ! Why then do you have to install and run , and connect to the internet , the steam software that is required to even load the game . The game would be incredible if it were n't for the steam software integraded into the `` single player '' play . I will never buy from valve again , absolutly horrible !!!!!!
 After beating Half Life , I bought Half Life 2 GOTY edition . I install games on my laptop so that I can play in the hotel when I travel on business and ca n't connect to the Internet . But when I put the CD in my laptop and started to install HL2GOTY , it told me that I would need to connect to their Steam site to install and play the game . Being that my laptop does n't have Internet access installed , the game is totally useless to me.I went to their Steam site on my desktop PC , and after registering and logging on and looking their their `` intelligent '' help system for a way to install the game -LRB- since I bought and paid for it and have the CD and key in my grubby little hand -RRB- without using Steam , I sent an email , but have not had a reply from them.So I 'm now waiting to hear if they 'll let me return an open game , but I doubt it.Don ' t buy this game unless your intent is to play in multiplayer mode on the Internet.Otherwise , boycot Sierra , Valve , and Steam !
 Buy a used copy of this game , and YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE IT FOR 2 MONTHS ! Valve , the publisher of the game , has disabled the ability to buy a copy of the game used . Your Serial number WILL come up as `` duplicate , '' and the s.o.b. 's will require you to MAIL in a form requesting another serial number -LRB- ALONG WITH ANOTHER $ 10 , OF COURSE ! -RRB- . Of course , Valve will not reply for TWO MONTHS.IF YOU BUY THIS GAME YOU ARE WARNED AND DESERVE TO GET TREATED LIKE GARBAGE BY VALVE AND THE SELLER .
 The problem with games made by valve is they run off of steam and you need the cd key to play it trouble is the cd key can only be activated with one steam account so to put it short if you buy any valve games for pc used they -LSB- WILL NOT -RSB- work , save yourself the money and just download the game from steam if you ca n't live with out it . I learned the hard way by buying two used valve games Half Life 2 game of the year edition and Counter Strike 1 I can only imagine how many people have kicked themselves in the ass like I have because of this .
 Do not buy used . Due to the product activation/anti-piracy methods you will not be able to play this game if you are not the first person to register with steam . The CD key is tied to the account . So when you register and put in the CD key it will say that it is a duplicate product . It will not work!I repeat do not buy used .
 Once upon a Christmas , a boy got Half-Life 2 : GOTY Edition . He installed Steam , and also the game that went with it . Unknown to the wretches of evil that is Steam , the game says install complete . But it is n't . STEAM MAKE YOU DOWNLOAD THE WHOLE FREAKING GAME !!!!!! This means the 5CD pack I bought was really just for the freaking CD-Key ! I 've played Half-Life 2 in stores , but i did n't get to try it out , because Steam is not good for 56k modem connections , and broadband is out of option . If there were any way to get updates on CD , I would buy it . But for now , BE CAREFUL ON WHAT YOU BUY FROM VALVE !! THE PACKAGE ONLY SAYS `` INTERNET CONNECTION REQUIRED FOR ACTIVATION '' BUT IT DOES N'T TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE TO UPDATE THE WHOLE PROGRAM ! Valve , if you 're reading this , please change Steam so we do n't have to update the games in order to play them . Other than that , Half-Life 2 is the best game ever made .
 The game itself was great . But the AntiPiracy Program `` Steam '' is a Steaming Pile . First off the Install takes forever.Say you pop in your disc to play your single player game , Well if Steam wants to update your halflife copy . Well you 'll just have to wait to play your game , Steam has some updating to do.One time I popped in my disc , half hour later the splash screen has no link for single player ... what is this . I do n't want to play online . I just want to play my game . This is so Frustrating.Because of a few people pirating games , us paying customers have to suffer . I would pay twice as much for a game to Never have to go through anything like Steam ever again .
 How many times should a person attempt to install and play a game ? 1 ? ... 2 ? . .3 ? I wo n't attempt to run this STEAMing pile of dung on my machine past 3 . This is my first , only and absolutely last STEAM / VALVE game I will ever buy .
 best game out there ! valve has outdone there self again!pros : great graphicsgreat musicgreat weapen controlscons : theres lots of glitches if you dont do something right then you have to reload your game so you may want to save ALOTit takes a LLLLOOOOOONNNNGGG time to load and the `` scanning steam game updates '' stops you from playing the game for about an hour then another hour to load the updateyou run out of ammo fastif your a hard core gammer and like fps games this is the best !
 Installed the game with security off , firewalls down , etc. . Game froze my entire computer , even though it stated that the game was properly installed . No help from Help , just auto response and a scoldy note suggesting that it was my fault . Still have not played the Game Of The Year . It will be nice when the computer biz grows up a little and begins to realize the importance of customer ser . Until they do , stay away from games like this . Steam is a nightmare .
 Bad experience loading the game . Fire walls stopped installation . Deleted same and gave away . Would not recomend .
 It 's okay I suppose for a diversion but boring after a while . The scenes are repetitive , the censoring blurs ca n't be changed which kind of defeats the purpose of some of the party scenes.Building the empire seems to be fairly simple in concept and after a while that gets boring because there is n't anything different from magazine to magazine .
 This game is a little fun but it is n't like the other Harvest Moon games . I rented this game for 5 days , and I thought it would be fun the first time a played it , but I was so wrong . First of all , there is the longest movie that tells you the story of the princess and about the snotty person named Jamie . By the way , if you are a boy , Jamie is a girl . If you are a girl , Jamie is a boy , that means you can marry him/her . My first day was OK . You do n't have a barn or anything ! You have to buy the barns , and then buy the animals ! It 's to hard for me . If you like easy games , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! If you like really , really , really hard games , you should probably buy this game .
 Okay , if you 've played lots of other harvest moon games before ... maybe you should skip buying this one , and wait for the newest installment for DS coming out in June.The controlls are confusing to figure out , and the beginning story and music you will hear during the games are VERY cheesy . Like , ' I could n't stand it and had to turn it off ' cheesy.I liked Wonderful Life for Gamecube much better . Magical Melody tries to be kinda like Friends of Mineral Town , which I 've already played , so I was looking for new imporvements in the game ! The improvements were n't enough to maintain my interest in this one . Yah , you earn music notes , but you earn a music note just for FALLING DOWN . Like I said , I was unimpressed .
 When I bought the Harvest moon magical melody I was really excited . But after playing it for about 10 min . I got frustraited and traded it in . For this game was a huge let down compared to Wonderful Life harvest moon . For the controls were harder and I kept getting lost.juiceapple
 I just start playing it . It 's alittle more complicated than the other Harvest moons . One thing I dont like
 i have been wanting this game for a long time and have read a lot of reviews on how great it is , so i finally bought it . yet once i started playing , i 'll admit , i was a little disappointed ! it is harder to figure out than i was expecting , i 'm no gamer , but still , i thought it would be pretty easy . so i get frustrated more often than i have fun with the game . hopefully this will change if i ever get the hang of it !
 Even though all the other Harvest Moon games are great , this one , however , is not good at all.It 's addicting , I 'll admitt that , but the graphics are horrible and very hard to accomplish . I 've had this game for about three days , and i 'm not even a quarter of the way through with it . True , it has a good story line to it , but not my first choice . If I was you , I 'd stick with the first ones .
 I thought I would actually like this game . I ordered it and got it , and when I went to go play it , I was very disappointed . It 's really hard to play and it takes forever just to get through the introduction of the game . If I had known all of this I would have definitely saved my money !
 This stand is n't all that great . The picture on the box makes one think that the Xbox 360 somehow hooks onto it , but instead it 's just sitting on it . That 's not very secure , so this thing wo n't stop your Xbox from falling over . Also , the game storage does n't allow for larger-than-normal cases ; if you have the limited edition of Perfect Dark Zero , it does n't fit in the game storage . Other than that , if you want somewhere to put your games and your Xbox , this works .
 The Xbox360 needs as much airflow around it as it can get . It 's not wise to stack games right next to it and block the side vents . It looks pretty but is probably best to avoid this stand .
 bought this when i first got my 360 , thinking like the previous reviewer , that it would somehow `` hook '' to this stand for added stability . such is not the case.my 360 is loud , but never gets super warm , even with the games along its sides . still , its a good point brought up.what annoys me the most however is that even with normal sized cases , even sliding them in carefully , it peels the clear plastic outside off the bottom edge of the cases , which is highly annoying , especially since i like to cycle games im playing through the stand . so now some games have a big plastic fold at the bottom , which not only looks crappy , prevents a nice alignment of cases.overall , its really a waste of time and money , at any price .
 I had purchased this a few years ago and it worked on my older computer -LRB- which ran XP -RRB- but would not work on my newer computer which also ran XP . Not sure what the reason was , but it was disappointing , especially considering that I spent far more than it is worth now.The headphones got well used , though . They had a reasonably nice sound and we even enjoyed using the program a bit on my old computer , but I notice now -LRB- Oct. 2010 -RRB- the company listed on my box no longer exists , or they have totally changed and sell a different product and do n't seem to support Singing Coach . I 'd buy it again just for the headphones ... if it comes down in price to what those are worth , that is . It 's still selling a bit high .
 Simply put , I installed this on 3 different machines running XP , Vista , and Windows 7 . It did n't work properly on any of them . I tried contacting support and never even received a confirmation that they 'd gotten the e-mail -LRB- let alone an actual response -RRB- . Do n't buy this or you 're burning your money .
 I purchased this product and could not install it because of the many errors in the software . My computer is up-to-date , and I usually have no problems installing software . When I called for technical support , I found that Electronic Learning Products no longer supports their product . If you have problems , they will not help you . When you call their number , you get a recording stating the date they stopped helping -- no other option given.Please note other reviews from people who also had trouble with installation and use.Please buy a product from a company that stands behind what they sell.I wish I would have purchased this from Amazon . Unfortunately , I did not and will not get my money back .
 extremely poor item . i tried installing on 4 different machines running xp and it would not work on any correctly . the singing coach portion does not work at all while some other modules will work they do not work correctly . the voice analysis function is useless becaause it is meant to work with the singing lessons portion which , as i said , does not function at all . to add insult to injury the manufacturers website will not allow you to download the free songs promised , has no downloadable updates and only tells you to wait and purchase their new version out in spring 2010 . this is one of the worst products i have had the misfortune of trying to get working and ca n't beleive they have the gall to continue to sell a defective product with no support and only try to sell you a newer version - which probably wo n't work either ! i was so looking forward to this product and was extemely freustrated . DO NOT BUY .
 I just ordered this program and it does not work on XP ... kept getting a error message . I tried running it in compatibility mode but no luck.I would definitely not recommend this product . It can not be returned because it has been opened ! Just how are you to know it does n't work until you open it ??? Poor return policy for software , especially since the company that made this is no longer supporting it . Do n't waste your money .
 This was a waste on money for me . I am running XP Home and this is not working . Nothing I am doing will work . So all in all I ca n't even get passed the frist welcome screen with out it saying error and closing out on me . I dont even get to use it . . Waste
 This could definitely be something to buy for your children , but be warned
 I run WinXP Pro . this program is not compatible . And when you e mail customer support for assitance , all you will get is a automated mail telling you to . Turn off any anti-virus programs and lower your internet browser security setting to low . After 4 days , many e-mails , phone calls , and alot of waiting I can honestly say they were worthless.People who have trouble installing should . -LRB- it just ca n't be me ! -RRB- 1 . remove the current shockwave player and go to their web site and install a fresh copy2 . Install program .3 . Wait for singing lesson section start then freeze4 . Return CD in packaging5 . Thank Amazon for having a easy return policy
 Can anyone say if it works with Windows 7 ? The reviews are mixed on Vista compatability . Thanks . Reply to this comment if you can .
 When I got the Singing Coach Unlimited , I was very excited . It was a birthday gift from my mom . When I was installing it , I knew things were not going to turn out well . I had to try to install it about 5 times before it finally worked . When it finally did install , it just did n't work even though my computer met all the system requirements . The audio in the program would stop after a few words . I did n't even get to use the program . I was very disappointed . But putting all that aside , I would like to say that Amazon.com makes returning items easy as can be !
 Maybe I got a bad copy , but I could n't even install this software on any of my computers and I 'm a certified computer repair tech .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com for my 8-year-old daughter , who clamored for it after seeing it on a TV promotion on Nickelodean or Disney . It 's also being promoted on VH1 , MTV and Comedy Central channels . When I received it , I was shocked to find the following label covering part of the box barcode on the bottom size of the box : `` Warning
 I 'm a second soprano but no matter how I adjust my range , it says I 'm a tenor . Consequently , it is of no use to me , since I can neversuccessfully use it . perhaps its a lemon & its a good program . I do n't reccommend it . I 'm an exerienced singer .
 I have not been able to fully use the product since I 'm unable to get the lessons to function properly . I 've taken and sent screen shots , gathered configurations and log file to Carry-a-Tune 's e-mail support with no response . Even have followed up with additional emails.I 've also noticed their website has n't been updated in years . In fact it does n't reflect the changes in the retail industry -LRB- they still show CompUSA as my local supplier when in fact there has n't been a local CompUSA for a long time -RRB- .
 I should have reasearched this before we bought it as a christmas gift . Does not work on Windows 7 at all - even w / Windows compatibility fixes . Look at the dates of the good reviews - several years old ?? ALSO - re
 This was a great product , but it is now on it 's way out . There is no technical support from carryatune.com . I had it installed on my laptop , but when I upgraded to Windows 7 and tried to reinstall it , the software was not recognized . So , I tried to reinstall it on my desktop with Windows XP . When I tried to open the program , I got an error stating that it could not run a second instance - apparently because it still thinks it 's installed on my laptop . I tried calling the company listed on the back of the software and a recorded message indicates that there is no longer support for this product . This program allowed you to purchase songs online , now all of those songs I purchased are also unavailable .
 CHECK THE FINE PRINT This software is discontinued item and no longer supported by the manufacturer . They barely even admit that they ever made the software . I managed to get a response from ELP Products and their response was basically `` tuff cookies '' we do n't support that product any more but we will let you know if you want to buy some of our other products.AND is does not work.I installed it on two different systems and the the most important part , the singing lessons module does not function !! There is no longer any online links that work so forget about adding any songs or getting any help at all . The sad part is the other feature of the software work and seem like it would have been fun , though a little child like in it 's presentation.I realize it was discounted but still ... move the tiny print about being discontinued to the head of the listing . I an gon na attempt to return it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It will not work with Vista or Windows 7 as others have stated . The company has made no effort to create an update patch that will work . Simply put , vote with your money and do n't support this company . It 's absurd to still have this product on market with no update , and not support existing customers who have updated their operating systems .
 I could not make this program run under Vista . As of May 2010 the company no longer supports this version and provides no tech support .
 There are not any updates to work with Vista and the company tech line does n't return phone calls . I do n't recommend the Product !!! NOR THE COMPANY TECH SUPORT !!!! HORRIBLE !
 It worked and was pretty cool until I upgraded to windows7 then it stopped working . Reinstall does n't work not even in compatibility mode . Wasted my money on this one . They really should have a patch to download or something .
 THis product is not at all as I expected . THe one I used previously was easy to use and had over 100 songs in it 's library . This product does not track the voice well , even for the teacher !! I am so sorry to have purchased it !
 I bought this product years ago for my daughter and this year I re-gifted it to her and she put it on our laptop with no apparent problems however now I need to remove it from our desktop computer but it wo n't let me and the program does not have an uninstall feature once it is downloaded ! It takes up too much space and I hope I will be able to get it off one way or another . Furthermore , from reading the other reviews I wo n't even try contacting their tech support .
 This is not a bad system if all you want to do is record your practice sessions . However the written music often comes without standard notes and you ca n't go far with the system .
 OK , I was about to purchase this item , and decided to read the one-star reviews -LRB- I usually do n't do this , but something told me to do it this time . -RRB- You 'll read comments that it does n't work on MOST operating systems , and the thing that bothered me most is their TOTAL LACK of customer support . IF you do decide to purchase this , please check it out with the BBB before you make the mistake of throwing your $ $ away . The comments I 've read were enough to convince me . Thanks everyone for saving me a lot of time and aggravation . Scary - this could be on `` American Greed ! `` Lillie
 I was expecting much more than what I got . There are 25 songs but they 're all juvenile songs . You can download some but I guess I just expected more help with pitch than what this provides . For the money , it 's not worth it .
 After loading this program I can not open it . I contacted the company with this issue and received a form letter type email about shutting off my firewall and virus protection and updating all of my drivers . That did n't work . I have now tried this program on 6 computers in all and none of them can open it . The Carry-A-Tune support solution ? Ignore me . I have not heard back from them in a week and a half , after I told them I tried everything they said and it did n't work . I wasted around $ 100 on this program and the best they can do when it does n't work is to ignore me . Please , do not take the chance and waste your money like I did .
 I found this product to be difficult to use , and not very helpful as a practicing tool . The flash animation was too elaborate , and slowed my computer up to the point where the sceen was not keeping up with my perfomance . But that could just be my computer 's fault . What annoyed me most of all was how I was being graded on my ability to hold a note exactly , instead of using inflections and vibrato , etc. . So , although a good idea in theory , it was not worth the price I paid .
 I bought two of these from Circuit City - one for myself and one as a Christmas gift for my step-daughter . I installed it on my desktop , which is running Win XP Pro . After dealing with the lousy installation instructions that did n't make sense , and trying many times to get my computer to recognize that I had plugged in the microphone already , it finally recognized it and installed the program.I got the program running , but no sound was coming out of it . I thought maybe it was a problem with my computer , so I installed it on my laptop , which is running Win XP Pro as well -LRB- maybe that was the problem -RRB- . I had the same problem there - I could n't hear the characters talking and I could n't hear my voice or anything else for that matter.I called the support number on the box but that turned out to be support for ONLY the microphone . The guy told me that Sony was responsible for the software and I would need to contact them . He gave me the website address carryatune.com and told me I would be able to find what I needed there . I found a phone number there and called them . After listening to their annoying automated phone system , I was transfered to their customer service department . It rang and rang and rang and finally I got this guy 's answering machine . He was away from his desk . I left a message but he never called me back . -LRB- It 's the next day as I 'm writing this . -RRB- After some screaming and crying , I got fed up with it , decided that it was crap , and took it back to Circuit City . Technically , you 're not supposed to return software that has been opened , but I called ahead and explained the situation . I think the lady could feel my frustration . Either that or they must get a lot of complaints about this product , because she was willing to let me return it for a full refund . Thanks Circuit City ! -LRB- I 'm sure Amazon would have done the same . I love Amazon . -RRB-
 -LSB- ASIN : B0006SE5BQ Singing Coach Unlimited -RSB- I purchased Singing Coach Unlimited on March 08 . In the meantime my computer crashed and the only program available was Windows Vista , which was already on all the new computers . I was told that Windows Vista , which is the program on my new computer , would be compatible with Windows 98 programs . -LRB- Not so -RRB- I contacted a technician for Singing Coach Unlimited . He said the reason the program would not load is because it is not compatible with Windows Vista but that there was no problem . They would send me a disc immediatly at no extra cost . I waited until Mid May . It never came . I e-mailed . No reply . I phoned and left messages . My calls were not returned . Finally I got someone on the phone and they said they would send the disc at once . I am still waiting a month later . I have e-mailed more . No answer . No reply to my calls . It is now too late to return the product to Amazon.com and it appears I have no way of getting this disc from the manufacturer . I am deeply disappointed and wish there were some way of getting that disc . I bought this for my musical , but special needs child as part of her therapy.This is a word of warning to anyone whoever requires service from this company . It is simply not there
 Did n't work properly right out of the box . I have had it with DDR pads ... I 'm saving up for the good metal ones that take up billions of feet of space all the time because they do n't fold .
 I bought this based on the good reviews . My 9yo son was very disappointed in the game . It sounds way more fun than it actually is . Glad I bought it cheep !
 My 8 year old son bought this game . He enjoys the cartoon . However , he thought it was going to be an adventure game with fighting , not a simple plain fighting game . He grew bored with it in a matter of minutes . I looked at the reviews prior to buying the game . It had good reviews , but I should have read all the reviews . This game does n't seem to have a story , just plain combat in the likes of Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter . Avoid this game if you want a story or adventure .
 The guitar worked really well for the firt week and a half the . Started to experience connectivity issues . At first I thought my batteries were just getting old so I replaced the batteries only to still experience connection issues . Finally after two and a half weeks the controller no longer sends a signal and now I 'm looking for a replacement because the cost of fixing it is more than the purchase price . Apparently upon trying to email the sender I 've had nothin but trouble which may be from either the purchaser 's end or mine . Regardless , no longer eligible to return so now stuck with a wireless guitar that does not work . Mind you it did n't completely stop working until nearly three weeks after purchase which was the largest factor in the length of time that passed after purchase .
 This guitar is not very great at all . The buttons began sticking almost immediately and it disconnects from the playstation on its own all the time . Consumers are not recommended to buy this guitar
 I bought this guitar and noticed on the hour playing it that the product was defected and did n't work properly.need to return it but it looks like it 's gon na be a hassle doing it for the time it took it to arrive
 Well the guitar worked really well for the most part . Same size as the SG guitar that comes with the older games . Wireless is not very laggy and it has good range . Only complaint here is that the buttons seem to stick a bit more than the other guitar and they feel like they are made cheaper , but they worked good enough to use even on expert.So it worked great for a month , and then one day it would n't connect to the receiver . I tried and tried and it would not connect . Tried everything I could think of including replacing batteries , resetting it , resetting the PS2 , and even turning off my WiFi router and cordless phones . Nothing could make it connect , and in the rare case it did it would not hold the connection . I did not have a receipt so could not get a replacement on warranty so I decided to open it up and tinker with it a bit and here is where I found the problem . The wireless board is separate from the rest of the internal circuit board , and instead of being held on securely with a screw or such IT IS HELD ON SOLELY BY THE DATA PINS . I just barely pushed the wireless board with my finger and it easily bent back at a 45 degree angle from the other board . Most defiantly one of these pins had broken loose and caused the connection problems . This is very bad design . Since I have no soldering skills I had to throw it away.If it was n't for the bad design of the internals I would recommend this guitar . Until they fix the problems -LRB- maybe they have with the new style GH3 guitars -RRB- I would avoid these completely .
 If you plan on buying this guitar , then beware ! I bought this guitar a while ago on Amazon for about 50 dollars because of the positive reviews it received . Man , do I wish I listened to the negative reviews of this product . Do n't get me wrong , this wireless guitar is great when it works . It was working flawlessly for about a month . The response was just as accurate as the wired controller , and the wireless feature certainly was a plus . However , after a month of using it , I noticed something odd . The strum bar was losing its responsiveness to down strums . Then one day , it just lost the responsiveness to down strums completely . I did n't do anything to cause this ... I had never dropped it or hit it in any sort of way . I now had to play all songs while strumming the strum bar upward . This was really irritating since it made playing songs like Misirlou on Guitar Hero 2 nearly impossible . Misirlou is a song that pretty much requires both down and up strums , so good luck on trying to beat this tune while strumming in only one direction for the entire song.The wireless guitar does come with a warranty , but it 's ridiculous . I went to the Red Octane website to try to have my guitar controller exchanged . After emailing them , they replied within a few days . They told me that they would gladly replace my wireless guitar ... at the cost of 45 dollars ! I might as well should buy another wireless guitar . But , that 's not going to happen anytime soon . Stick with the wired controller .
 I have owned the white , black , and red guitars ; and the red corded one is definatly the most durable . All of them started out great , i esspecially like the range of the wireless guitars , but the buttons are cheaper and the clicker wore out too quickly . I had to dig out my old red guitar because this white one randomly strums now without even touching the guitar . Overall this guitar is too pricy for it to wear out within a month . I would stick with the cord .
 I got this guitar along with Guitar Hero I and II for my little brother for Christmas . I was really excited and he was SUPER excited ... until we plug it in and it would n't work . Turns out the base station was broken - it would n't link up to the guitar . We tried everything . We turned off our cell phones , we disconnected our wireless router ... We followed all of the instructions.We returned it to get a new one and THAT ONE BROKE !! We had it for about two hours ... and then the second guitar 's connection would n't link up to the base station.The concept is cool - wireless controller - but Activision clearly does not have the technical competency to make it work.This is the most awful gift I 've ever given . I feel bad about giving this piece of junk to my brother
 I have emailed this company twice to find out how to send back the product due to not needing it . They are yet to respond to it . They did email once but did not tell me what their return policy is . Very bad business in my opinion .
 When I purchased this guitar i was wicked excited to use it and thought it would be awesome . I was wrong , it is ok if you dont play on expert . I use to never fall songs and since ive gotten this guitar i havent beat a tough song on expert . The buttons push really hard which makes it really hard to play anything that is really fast . I am very disappointed and wish i would have bought a wired guitar !
 I play on easy and i need a good guitar and i thought this one would be it . Welll i was wrong this guitar blows ... it is terrible . the fret buttions r really sticky nd it is terrible . please do n't buy it .
 Despite reading some of the negative reviews I wanted to give this guitar a try ; I have a friend who has one and likes it . Unfortunately though I had to return it . As soon as I turned it on and fired up a game , I could tell it was defective.The buttons seemed to work OK , but about a third of my strums were registering twice . If I strummed very lightly it would work fine , but as soon as I started rocking out a bit more I started seeing a lot of extra strums . When I tried strumming up that seemed to work OK , but it felt very unnatural for me.After returning this I bought a `` PS2 Guitar Hero World Tour - Stand Alone Guitar '' and the difference is like night and day . It 's about the same price , and for anyone looking for a replacement guitar I would recommend it over this one .
 You ca n't always take what is written as the truth . This is the second guitar in a row that we have ordered that had vendor descriptions claiming compatibility with Guitar Hero 3 , yet when the unit arrives it plainly shows on the packaging that it only works with GH 1 & 2 . Looking back at the item today , the description has been changed to list only GH1 & 2 , so I guess the mistake was caught and corrected since we ordered this one . I wo n't be trying for the third time being a charm . We 've decided to buy locally .
 Notes stick ALOT and my yellow button broke already and I took great care of it . DO N'T BUY THIS !!! Buy the ones with the cords they 're way better .
 I was the recipient of this gift for Christmas from my older brother . He must have realized that I liked DDR so much , that it would probably have carried over to guitar hero . Well , he was right , I was ecstatic to play and experience guitar hero.Upon first opening it , on Christmas day , we played for a good 30-45 minutes flawlessly -LRB- truly impressed with the wireless -RRB- . Then later in the day I went to a friends house and brought the system and guitar hero controller , well , the base unit would n't even light up ! No communication at all ! It was like I was just watching the game at the arcade and not being able to play because I did n't have enough tokens/quarters ! It was so frustrating!Well , not to be one who is quick to decide , I simply went back to the retail store the day after Christmas and exchanged straight up for a new wireless controller , the same exact design . -LRB- Maybe the first one was just a dud , right ? -RRB- Brought it home , and played flawlessly for maybe ... oh say , 3 songs -LRB- roughly 10 minutes ? -RRB- , and then the connection would be dropped regularly . I 'd have to shut off the controller and turn it back on in order to re-establish the connection . By then , I would have failed the song ! I tried all of the suggested troubleshooting tips , but they did not help one bit.Now , it is two days after Christmas , I am going to go back to the retail store , return this guitar , and just get the store credit and wait for the wired guitars to come in from being back ordered -LRB- these wired guitars must work if they 're backordered to February 2008 -RRB- . I am beginning to realize that there is a reason why these specific wireless guitars are always on the shelf in every gaming store I go to . They are just a wasteful product and makes for more frustration than fun !
 Okay , I thought that MyWord Coach would be a good way to learn some new words ... it was n't , at least for me . -LRB- Although I do read a lot . -RRB- Here are my complaints-1 . The game seems to have been prepared for the British market ; there are quite a few British words in here that are n't really used in American English . For example , I have had `` flypast '' instead of `` flyby '' , etc. . There are more , but I ca n't think of them off the top of my head .2 . The game does not have good , complete definitions for many of the words . For many of the words with multiple or more complex definitions , the definition expresses only a small part of what the word can mean .3 . There are far too many short/slangy/common words in here . For example
 I think this game is enjoyable in the early stages , but as your expression potential goes up you run into problems.In some case , very obscure meanings of words are used for definitions , ignoring more common uses . Foreign words like ` oeuvre ' , or ` the rank below captain ' being ` subaltern ' are more common that I appreciate . In the worst cases , the definitions are not to be found in any Websters dictionary . ` Forelock ' according to this game has nothing to do with hair , but is `` To show respect to someone in a higher position than you in a way that seems old fashioned . '' I like to learn new words , and was really frustrated when I looked this one up to find out it was wrong . Now I wonder how many other ` new ' words or meanings I 've learned are also incorrect?At first it was mildly annoying to have your score reduced by these deficiencies , but more and more it is becoming a fatal flaw.If you 're looking at this game for kids to have some fun while learning some new words , it might work well . But it you have a good vocabulary and are looking to challenge yourself and see just how good , you run the risk of being frustrated as I am by the poor quality of the words and definitions at anything above the early levels . I have only been using the game for a couple of weeks ... it has n't taken long for these deficiencies to drain a lot of the fun out of it .
 I do n't know if I 've ever seen any game come down in price this much this quickly . Maybe it 's because no one wants to keep it for very long!At first , I thought this game was great . After playing it almost every day for about 5 weeks , I have a very different view.Pros-Most of the games are actually fun at first . You 'll probably learn some words and their spelling . Easy to pick up.Now for the much longer list of cons-This game does a terrible job of gauging your current level . It asks you far too few words , almost all of which are highly advanced , and placed both my friend and I FAR lower than it should have . There 's nothing you can do about that . I 'm 24 years old , and after 5 weeks of updating my expression potential to 34 % , I 'm still seeing words like kettle , jaguar , squirt , traumatic , solitary , airfield , canine , rephrase , acoustic , receptive , sparrow , nutrition , slang , stumbling , optimism , and so forth . I would say 80 % of the words I 've seen on here are elementary school level , while the other 20 % are middle-school level . I have not `` learned '' a single word that I would consider calling high-school level.You 'll learn very little for the time you spend playing . Of the few words that were new to me , hardly any of them were repeated more than a few times , often in the same day . You are bombarded with far too many words over time , when it should just be reinforcing groups of words before moving on to more . Also , the only time you actually learn anything is when you read through the definitions after each game . There 's nothing at all to be learned by playing the games . It teaches you like a dictionary does . But the worst part is that there is no context or pronunciation ! After playing for long enough , you will eventually unlock a game that does n't count toward your EP , but does have recordings of the words being spoken as well as context examples . However , you can only access these one random word at a time . You are given very little time to read the examples . This means that pronunciation and context are on the game , but you ca n't look them up or access them at all while supposedly updating your potential to express yourself with words you do n't necessarily understand.The definitions are often VERY weak . The part of speech -LRB- verb , noun ... -RRB- is not given at all . If a definition is too long then it simply cuts off rather than allowing you to scroll down to read the whole thing . Many words appear in their own definition , which is never acceptable . Words with multiple definitions will only have one of them provided . Some definitions could n't possibly be more wrong
 I have been playing Word Coach everyday for over a month and I find three very annoying error . Did anyone else have these bugs .1 . The EP does not go any higher than 59 % . It moved steadily up and has stayed at 59 % for the last three weeks .2 . The word `` Abbot '' comes up every day almost every game I play for the last three weeks . I know what it means please retire the word .3 . In Word Shuffle the target time is 3 minute but they end the rounds before that time is up . I have tried by holding back during the first round to see if it is 1 and 1/2 minute for each round and I ended up with 2.39 second.These are the three main bugs I have found . It takes away from the fun of the game.After playing this game for over a month I am getting bored of the game .
 My Word Coach for the Nintendo DS is an educational video game designed to teach new vocabulary words . I really wanted to like this game , but ultimately , it fell short of what I had hoped it would be.The most important thing to know when considering purchasing this game is that it probably will help to build your vocabulary , but only if you use it to the point where all the word games get old . In fact , in my experience with this game , I had to play on average twenty to thirty minutes just to reach my daily quota of words . The problem is that there are only about six games , which means that things get old fairly fast . Perhaps I am just not a very disciplined person , but I began to lose interest in the games after a few days , and by a couple of weeks , I stopped playing the game altogether.However , the games really can help you learn new words . When you start out , the game evaluates what level your vocabulary is at . Then it gradually introduces new words . I felt the balance was good between new words , words I already knew , and words that I was in the middle of learning . Also , the game has a dictionary feature included , so you can easily look up definitions to words.The games are fairly fun , but nothing super spectacular . Some games are more helpful , like the game where you write a letter in to complete a word matching a given definition , while other games are less helpful , like the falling blocks game that teaches you how to spell words rather than what they mean . I felt the handwriting recognition was fairly good.In conclusion , if you like educational video games and are a very disciplined , consistent person , this game might be able to help you learn new words . However , I think for most people this game will get old after only a few weeks or less , so you may want to reconsider purchasing this game .
 I tried the game and after several weeks of interaction I 've decided that this is definitely a game for kids . Way too much slang , definitions are off on too many of the words , most of the words are not applicable in the U.S. and those that are one would have already learn them in grade school . The pace is also very slow . Once you have reached your peak in the game it basically stops you from going any further . I stopped at 98 % and best time 22 seconds and that 's it , unless I can do less than the 22 seconds on each game it will not go any higher . So I reached my EP and learn a lot of British slang , yea !
 The games are fun - I do enjoy playing . But I bought this with the hope of increasing my vocabulary . Unfortunately , I know most of the words already . And my 11 year old also knows most of them , so I ca n't even say it will help my kids . Overall it was a disappointment as I was hoping for education as well as entertainment .
 It has potential , but falls way short . It needs pronunciations with the words - much like My Spanish Coach . It should also include part of speech in the definition , and at some point , should give you an example of the word being used . They need more games - some are just too tedious to do very often . It focuses more on spelling than on learning definitions . Nonetheless , both my husband and I have persisted through the game for two months and have both reached a point where our expression potential has not updated for three weeks of daily play regardless of the fact that we have reached our word quota almost every day . I hope UBI Soft will put some more time into this game and make the improvements necessary to make it both useful and fun .
 I really wanted to like this product . I love some of the other learning products that my kids play on their DS 's , like Big Brain Academy . I 've been looking for a way to help them build their vocabulary , and I could use a refresher as well . Unfortunately , this product does not really offer a very enjoyable gaming experience . You 'd have almost as much fun with flashcards , and would probably learn as much . If you want something to save you the trouble , though , this would n't be a bad product . I expect to tinker with it a few minutes each day , and see where I am in terms of vocabulary after a few weeks . A few features may bug you a little bit , though.First , you turn it on and a professor type explains the program and its importance . You set up a profile and the program introduces you to games one at a time , and explains how to check your stats . You are encouraged to play each game every day , about 15 minutes daily , and as you play and get better new features and play levels are introduced . Some of the games are okay , and others are a bit silly.One of the better games encourages you to match words to a definition , or definitions to a word . Another game encourages you to supply the missing letter by drawing it with the stylus . While the program has some trouble differentiating between certain letters -LRB- it kept reading my Hs as Rs , my Is as Ts or LS , etc. -RRB- , it is pretty easy to adapt to it and write letters in a way it will recognize . Still , I 'm not so sure about the educational value of filling in missing letters
 -LSB- ... -RSB- While it might be useful to a foreign learner of English , with such `` useful '' advice as , `` A verb is an action word in a sentence ! '' , it has some deficiencies that limit it for both native and foreign speakers . Many of the games require you to know the meaning of a word in advance , otherwise you 'll simply be playing `` guess which meaning is the right one '' . That is not a good way to learn new words . It can be a good way to reinforce what one already knows , but that goes against the entire point . As a linguist myself , I seriously question this product.In addition , the process by which your abilities are rated is entirely artificial . Even scoring perfectly on many of the games -LRB- I already have an extensive vocabulary -RRB- , I was rated as basically a simpleton in order to preserve the illusion that I am `` improving '' . Not recommended . Language learning software has tremendous potential , but it is n't even hinted at here . In fact , it 's made to look laughable . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Consists of various games to increase your vocabulary and general spelling . Good but not comparable to the general Brain training series as this amount of games are limited . Some games require you to turn the device sideways . As with other games this one however does n't ask whether you are right or left handed and assume the first . It is therefore a real struggle to play a time based game with the information behind your writing hand . If you are lefthanded , avoid ! This will only amount to hours of frustration .
 Ok , where to start ... I 'm usually a very positive person , but I have nothing good to say about this controller other than that the packaging was nice . I used it to play Grand Turismo 4 on PS/2 , and found myself bouncing off of the walls on easy tracks all night ... tracks that I have no problem navigating using the normal PS/2 thumbstick . The speed indicator did not work -LRB- no lights -RRB- , and there were no instructions at all about how to set the modes . I checked their website only to find `` N/A '' in the `` Manual '' field for this product . In an age where even popsicles come with instructions , this company did n't seem to think that letting you know how to use this device was very important . The suction cups slipped the unit shifted direction on the table frequently during attempted gameplay , nor could I hold it between my knees . This is the single worst controller I have ever used -LRB- even worse than my old Atari roll paddles -RRB- , and I will be returning mine .
 I used this product to charge my son 's DS before Christmas . We went to recharge after Christmas and it does not work !
 My daughter received this as a gift , after she had removed the packaging , which was thrown away at Christmas , we headed home and realized that it does not work , and now we are unable to return it . Bum deal !!!
 Ok , tell me the commercial doesnt make ya want to buy this game . Tell me that the back of the box dosent look cool . Tell me that the phrase `` Try to keep up ! '' isnt catchy . Perfect game for Sonic fans right ? Wrong . This game is lame in all actuality . The controls - loose . The gameplay - horrifying . The storyboard - so lame its embarrising . I wasted $ 40 on this junk expecting some cool Sonic racing game as the media portrays . I tried to sell this at school and the highest offer I got was $ 3 . Yeah . Do yourself a favor and dont buy this .
 At first , i was very excited about this game because i own Sonic Adventure2
 Sonic is among the older franchises in games , and also the more beloved , famous , and unpredictable . He has seen many good games and many bad games ; his first racing game of this century falls somewhere in between . While Sonic Riders has enough cool moments to be somewhat interesting , it falls short in too many areas to be worthwhile.The story in Sonic Riders is absolutely terrible . Sonic is made fun of mercilessly by the annoying Jet the Hawk , whose voice cracks every 3 syllables , for being SLOW , of all things . Jet leads the Babylon Rogues , who are basically a band of three annoying thieves who think they 're all that . Eggman holds a tournament to see who 's the fastest on extreme gear -LRB- hover boards -RRB-
 this game is truly bad , with very little entertainment value . bad graphics , bad story , bad replay value . too many good games are out there to spend time with this one .
 This game is just like all the other car racing games . If you 're going to get a racing game get Mario Kart 64 . Bottom Line
 The Good
 First off this game takes off some of the best bosses and many of the good areas . The original and gamecube versions are much much better . Get them instead of this one or if your a collecter get this one but dont bother playing it inless you dont like the other longer versions . And that dead guy you find at the biggining wont have that tape you would find on the other games which is a big downfall well not really but still . it can still be quite scary but not as and since its the playstation version the graphics ar n't as good as the gamecube -LRB- im sad to say this seeing as I prefer the playstation to the gamecube -RRB- . Irt just stinks
 DO N'T BUY THIS ! APART FROM NEW CAMERA ANGLES AND NEW CLOTHES AND EXTRA BAD GUYS THIS IS UTTERLY POINTLESS . NOT QUITE AS BAD AS GUN SURVIVOR , THOUGH .
 This game was boring . It does not even compare to part 2 . If I were to compare it to part 3 , I might as well compare a Playstation game to a Atari game .
 This game has good graphics . If you are looking for a brawling , one punch knock out type of game , this is the one . But if you want a realistic boxing game try King of the Ring . It has most of the greatest boxers of the past 50 yrs ; Ali , Sugar Ray Leonard , Holyfield , even ButterBean . This is the game to play when you want a real boxing experience . In the career mode you sculpt the boxer into the fighter you want ; fast , strong , or both .
 I 'll cut to the chase here , and this game is awful . You name it , gameplay , graphics , audio ... they 're all awful . Stay away from this poor excuse for a game
 the Contender is an ok game , but I would n't recomend it . If you want a boxing game , get Knockout Kings . The Contender is more like a fighting game than boxing game . I have played both games and Knockout Kings blows out the Contender . Knockout Kings actually has real boxers in 3 weight classes , plus you can create your own boxer and bring him up to the top .
 This game is overall pretty fun but it takes a little time to get used to how to fight most of the people on the game . This would n't be a good game for people with little patients . One big drawback is that when you start to get in the upper ranks the opponents are ridiculously better than you , wich goes back to trying to learn how to fight most of the other people on the game .
 The video game i order from HEAR AND SEE MEDIA Would not work and they would not take it back or replace it . I have told all my friends @ School and FB , Twitter , how bad your business is . I will never order any thing from your website again and i hope none of my friends do either @ The Unv of Fla.Item being reviewed Namco 's Museum Vol .3
 DOOM was much better on Nintendo 64 ! - PS1 did n`t have FPS in their `` Talent '' genre-N64 did.The Three games machines that had the best FPS games genre as a `` talent '' was : PCNINTENDO 64XBOXDOOM was ok on PS1 but not a good .
 It really bites . The story is junk . The graphics are junk . But the moves and controls are O.K. And the sfx are good.Go play some other game this one stinks .
 Akuji is great little 3-d action/platform game that I believe is greatly underrated . It features very good character animation and a well-designed 3-d environment . Hell never looked so good ! The main issue is with the problematic camera , which requires constant readjustment and the puzzles can be simplistic at times . However , if you can spare a good 10-20 hours , I believe you 'll find the game rewarding . Recommended .
 Ive Been A Mortal Kombat fan for years.But i was very dissapointed When Mortal kombat 4 Came out.The thing that attracted me to the 1st mortal kombat in the fist place was they used actual people in the game that made it distinktive from many other games , And i belive when people were suggesting to have it in the 3d formatt its that they wanted actual charecters -LRB- people -RRB- like in part 1,2 & 3 But in 3 dementianal backgrounds and 3d actual people charecters . Plus i think they bombarded the charecter Rayden he Looks Sorry . Hopefully they will return to useing actual charecters
 Mortal Kombat has been around me most of my life and I am only 11 . My parents wo n't buy MK4 because it is to bloody and has gore . And I admit that . I do n't like this game to much ever since I played it on Playstation a t my friends house . Some parts I do n't want to watch , even fatality . Please be aware that this game is not for children like me . PS.This game has no option to turn off the very worse parts ! Please think before you buy it .
 I was really excited when this game first came out . The advertisements were really cool and I was excited about MK finally going 3D . But , the first con I noticed when I started to play was that it had the same boring music as the last games . The Mortal Kombat movies boasted excellent , exciting music , and I was really hoping that MK4 would incorporate some of that into the game . The music made the movies so much better -LRB- and let 's face it , probably the only thing that made the second movie worth seeing was the music during the fights -RRB- . Killer Instinct has awesome music , which is what makes that game so fun to play . MK4 , if it would have had better , faster music , would have been a lot better , IMHO.What I liked about this game was that old favorites returned . MK3 did n't even have Scorpion -LRB- my fave -RRB- ! So , I 'm grateful for his return . The graphics and special moves were cool , as were the weapons ... but I feel as though they could have done so much more with the use of weapons . Basically , all you can do is hack and slash with no real technique or anything ... MK4 seems utterly far behind other 3D fighting games -LRB- like Tekken -RRB- . It 's unevolved and gets easily boring unless maybe you 're a diehard fan . The plot was okay , but the character endings were done sooo poorly . I always thought MK was cool because of its intensity , but the endings in this game were ... goofy . The resolution of the conflict between Scorpion and Sub-Zero was done so poorly ... I just kept shaking my head.And even Liu Kang 's ending was horrible . The character voices were pathetic . In fact , I was going to give this game 3 stars , but now that I think about it , I 'm only going to give it 2 . I do n't know if the game developers intended to make the game goofy and clown-like , but if they did , then they succeeded . If they were planning on making the game as cool and intriguing as the last ones , then they failed miserably , in my opinion at least.One more con
 This is a great game for the N64 . The controles are not that bad . I got this game because it was for the N64 and we all know how N64 is GREAT.Now we all know what Mortal Kombat is blood , guts , and more blood.The MK series is okay the game has a good story the fallen elder god shinnok has found the amulet and is of coursewell killing people . The game has some old charecters and some new ones like Shinnok , Tanya , Jerek , Kai , the game is okay but has some bad stuff like ... too much blood and fallen heads there are some people i found creepy looking like Goro , and quin chi they were very ugly there is even a part of the game that you see the devil killing someone . That goes too far I have quit playing games like this . Trust me do n't buy this game you will notlike IT !!!!!
 This has got to be the worst Mortal Kombat game in the series . The blood looks like squares , and there is too much of it . Also , some of the fatalities are so sick that I ca n't even look at them!If you like this kind of game , you still may want to rent it first .
 I have been a fan of the classic Mortal Kombat games ever since I can remember playing the first on super nintendo . But this new game is not for the real MK fan . It abandons all of what made it so enjoyable in the first place , gives the player a few new characters and takes on a boring KILLER INSTINCT style . Big Deal . This series can not just keep going on and on doing the same old thing , so why do n't they quit ? A huge disappointment ,
 I love MK games but this one really made me mad . It was way to bloody ! Some Fatalities might offened some people because one of them shows the devil turning a guy into a walking dead maniac ! Plus I have betten it but it was way to easy ! NO FUN AT ALL !
 I have played this game ; in fact , I bought it last year . I just want to say that it is terrible . The graphics are exactly the same as Nitro from the year before . The game moves so fast that you have no idea what is going on ; that is not a good thing . The moves are performed instantaneously , which looks very stupid . It plays like a fighting game , and is very little fun . The reason I am writing this now is because I had ordered WWF Smackdown off Amazon . However , my friend bought it and I played it yesterday , and the game is terrible . It plays just like Thunder and Nitro . I am not going to make the same mistake twice , and I just cancelled my order on Amazon for the game . THQ should have used the same engine from WWF Wrestlemania 2000 , which I bought recently along with an N64 . The game is so much better than all these other crappy titles . Buy it instead of these if you are going to get anything . It is well worth it .
 OK , where to begin ... . The gameplay is that of a fighting game ... which would be good - except for the fact that this is a wrestling game ! The roster is deep ... which makes it fun to pound on the Nitro girls like Big Poppa Pump pounds them off-screen .
 this game is bad be case it dose not have any thing new from nitro and it is blaw and dole and plain i would not sugest it it has a coulple of diffrent peaple then nitro but the same stuff and i think one nitro was a naufe
 The game is ok but the the feeling in the ring is too small and when you move a superstars place it should play the groups music.The rings are too boring should be a NITRO ring.Cage matches should be in ring chosen .
 I used to have this game but i got tired of it so i gave it to gamestop . Those moves that those wrestlers do are kind of hard .
 This game was very poorly made ... it 's really boring , because all you do is walk around and throw stuff at things . All the enemies are exactly the same , there 's never any health , and 100 health points are n't enough , because the health goes down too fast . The sight of range is ridiculous because half the screen is nothing but fog , and it all just draws in as you walk ahead , making it hard to see enemies . I do like seeing the familiar South Park characters in 3D , the game is very funny , and the weapons are hilarious ! But still , I would n't buy it . Rent at most .
 This game stinks even if you love south park . I rented it and watched the intros which were awesome . Some of the guns were really neat to use at first especially the plunger.The gameplay stinks this game has nothing but fog it is so hard finding your way because you can not see what is ahead . If you do n't understand the techinical term of fogging then rent this game because it is the most used thing in the game even more then the fart noices .
 I only gave this game 2 stars because if you 're die-hard South Park fan , it 's possible that you might enjoy this game ... but I like South Park , and I HATED it . The controls are IMPOSSIBLE to use -LRB- you have to use the C buttons most of the time -RRB- , the gameplay is repetitive and boring -LRB- all you do is walk around throwing snowballs at turkeys -RRB- , and the multiplayer part is boring too . One pro is that the guns are pretty original & the South Park kids say some funny things , but the novelty wears off after a while . I bought this game when it first came out , for ... , and I sold it for $ 5 at a stoop sale ... I just wanted to get rid of it , it 's really that bad . If you really have to get it , at least rent it first .
 All of the profanity makes it so much not fun . Especially if your friends are n't allowed to hear it ! Even in the show -LRB- Which I watch on a regularly bases -RRB- does n't come anywhere near the amount of cussing this game has in any one episode .
 Making South Park into a first person shooter is n't a horrible idea , it 's just horribly executed . I imagine Acclaim bid on the South Park contract so quickly , they did n't bother to come up with any good gaming ideas it could go with . I would also be hard pressed to do so . ...
 This Game Is n't Very Exciting.I Do n't Like This Game.It 's Boring . What You Do In This Game Is Try To Go Through Boring Levels That Do n't Look Very Detailed.I Warn You.You Wo n't Like This Game.I Warn You.Don ' t Pick This Up.This Game Is Really Old And Just Such A Bad Game .
 The game was bad because they said alot of bad languge.They say lots of swears . Sometimes they fliped the bird.If you are younger than 18 maybe you should ` nt get this game.Parents should look at the letter M.That means mature . If you see your children wathing this smack them on the head . -LRB- Hard ! -RRB-
 -LRB- 2 and a half stars -RRB- This game is pretty lousy . I 'm not really sure why I bought it , but I did . At first it may seem like a pretty cool game . The control is ok , it has a South Park feel , and the weapons are pretty creative . However , once the novelties wear off the game begins to get more and more boring . The levels become the same exact thing
 The idea of a first person Shoot-em-up based on the south park licence and Turok 2 engine must have seemed a good idea at the time but the road to gaming hell is paved with the blood of good ideas that have been messed up and , sadly , this is no exception . The whole game stinks of being a rush job and the programmers seem to have made presentation there priority over the gameplay . The graphics and sound are , admittidly , fantastic . It looks and sounds just like the TV show and for a while the stupid humour and colourful visuals distract you from the shallow gameplay . But it doese n't last . The levels are very repetitive and you find yourself getting bored quickly . Even worse , Acclaim have somehow made the already dodgy controls of Turok even worse and prescision movment/firing is all but impossible making a dull game very fustrating as well . The games multiplayer mode does give it some lasting appeal but is afflicted with the same terrible controls which does spoil it somewhat . Rent it , Laugh at the humour for a couple of hours and then take it back and praise god that you did n't spend your money on buying it .
 never buy this game . the graphics are alright , but the story is so stupid . if u want to buy this game buy turok . its a mature game but they beep out the cuss words . why get it if they beep out the cuss words ?
 First of all , SP for N64 is one of those games you play for about a week and then stash away . For me , it is too hard and lacks detail . The best thing about this would be multiplayer , which is only fun for about 30 minutes max . It deserves two stars for the bad language , which people my age group , and myself , would find attractive .
 This game sucks . I do n't say that becasue it 's too hard or easy I say it becasue it does n't live up to the name Jet Moto . Buy the first and then you 'll see a real racing game . Buy this and you 'll see a recycled , generic racing game with dumb racers and even dumber tracks . Save your money and get the first .
 This is a futuristic dirt bike game , where rather than riding dirt bikes , you ride a jet-powered motorcycle . The game starts out being fun racing along exotic 3D courses like a jungle island , an earthquake rattled Los Angeles that has fallen into the sea , a cold mountain passageway and so on . When the player advances past the first few races the game stops being fun and starts getting unnecessarily and frustratingly difficult , because rather than having track borders -LRB- like walls -RRB- where the racer can not go past a certain point , the courses further in the game take away those walls so you literally fall off the track . It is also unclear where the finish line is , sometimes you must do a lap around a circular track , and other times you must do a U turn then go back through the track . Then reappear on the track , far behind the other racers . The game is full of jumps , ridiculously high jumps , and while you are in the air you can do flips and tricks . Not any advanced tricks like from Tony Hawk . There are several racers , however the racers are so uneven that you can pick a certain racer and win constantly .
 As I started out through the 3D world I was a little excited about finally starting another Castlevania adventure that I have n't had since I played the NES . Well after a few hours of playing I can say this did not at all hold up to my expectations . Immediately I grew frustrated trying to jump from one small ledge to another so early in the game . Then I moved on to disappointment when it became clear that I would be seeing the same creatures the whole game , and finally I just got bored of the game and stopped only on level 5 . I could 've kept going but it lacked storyline and imagination . Just got tired fighting the same dead skeletons and not knowing why I was doing it .
