 Great price . Sells for almost twice as much at retail stores . Ca n't imagine playing Wii with multiple players with just one shared controller . If you buy Wii be sure to purchase at least one additional remote controller . Shipment arrived increadibly fast . I received it sooner than I would have had time to go to a store to buy it .
 I received the Wii Remote Controller very quickly . It works great and having tons of fun playing ! What helped was the instructions that was included when you use more than one remote .
 Since the Wii only comes with one remote , most will need at least one more in order to play games for two or more players . This one is identical to the one from the game , a sturdy , well made remote that responds amazingly well with Wii games . Rechargeable batteries are definitely recommended , or you can get a dual remote charger from amazon that comes with battery packs and works well .
 The Nintendo Wii Remote -LRB- Wiimote -RRB- is the standard for this console . No known problems with the controller . And the buttons are exactly as you expect ; you can get on with playing the game without being distracted by buttons that are marginally different.The large rubber padding can be a nuisance ; either when you have to change the batteries , or when you want to connect the rechargable batteries to the charger . -LRB- And how come the Nunchuck does n't need any protection , in comparison . -RRB- But discard the protection at your peril ; my son has already broken one without the rubber covering .
 I wish I would have purchased the PLAY w / Wiimote so I could have received the additional games .
 The description of the Wii Remote needs to include the fact that the Wii remote DOES come with the silicone covering and wrist strap .
 This game gets me off the couch . Instead of sitting around watching TV . I get up and enjoy the activity of playing several different games . The Wii is great gaming machine , combining gaming and exercise .
 Most multi-player games for the Wii will require the use of another Wiimote -LRB- and possibly another Nunchuk -RRB- . It 's a no brainer to buy at least one , if not three of these for when people are visiting .
 its the best & actually a healthy choice !!! -LRB- workout wise -RRB-
 If you have a Wii , you will need at least two controllers . With two controllers , there is less time needed to pass it around , and there is more time for play . A must buy . The Wii is a very fun console , and this helps add to the experience .
 I could n't find Wii controlers anywhere and then thought to look at amazon . I ordered 3 . They came in only a few days where they had said it could take up to 2 weeks . We were so happy when they came so fast !!
 Since the Nintendo Wii only comes with 1 remote control , buying the additional 3 -LRB- we are a family of 4 -RRB- was the way to go . We have loads of fun bowling and having the 4 remotes makes it a whole lot easier ! I 'd recommend having more than just the 1 controller .
 Well not really . The first description of the Product Features says -LRB- Or at least it one point said -RRB- `` Beams money through Bluetooth up to 30 feet away '' ! If only this were true it would save a lot on gas because I know someone would mod it and have a Wii at work . For most of us though , we ca n't bring our Wii to work and are forced to play them only from the confines of our homes . When you do this , it 's best to have some friends over . And if your going to drink and play ... be safe and wear the safety strap , enough innocent TVs have died this year alone from PWWI -LRB- Playing Wii While Intoxicated -RRB- . And while you are at it , get a few more Wii remotes like this one . No more playing with a remote covered in someone else 's sweat . And if you are a big enough nerd , you can mod your computer to accept the Wii Remote commands .
 I love this controller . The games are designed to use it in many more ways than pushing buttons . You can use it to point on the screen , swing it like a sword , bat , club , or racket . You can also use it to cast your fishing rod on screen . Characters also imitate some of the movements you make with it , especially in Wii sports . Just a few problems , it does not have a recharging dock , also it is $ 40 . When you have to get a nunchuck to play most games or a classic controller to play VC games , the cost can really add up .
 We bought three of these remote controllers for our Wii because having just one was not enough for our family to be able to play . We were tired of having to pass the sole controller to the next person . These controllers worked just fine .
 I bought two of these when I bought my first Wii console . The description and pictures of the Wii console made it seem as if both controllers in the box were wired , when in fact the remote is wireless and the nunchuk is wired . So in essence I bought two Wii wireless remotes for the wrong reason . Now that I have three wireless ones , I 'm not upset about spending the extra $ 35 . You never know when one will die , when you 'll accidentally break it , or get angry enough over losing a game to intentially break it . Now I have an in-house back-up for any case .
 Remote works just fine . Get the bundle pack instead . Has the same remote but just for $ 10 more you get a game AND a good skin .
 If you have litle kids at home , dont wait more and buy them a wii , fun for all the family . I 'm a 32 years old dad , and we are very happy with it . The controller works very good .
 The Wiimote is an amazing controller . It might be a little expensive but in my book its worth it . It is epsecially fun when you have a FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- Like metroid prime 3 . I promise you once you play a FPS with a Wiimote you will never want to go back to a classic controller . This is not all of the controller though the other half , for more complicated games , is the nunchuk that plugs into the bottom of the Wiimote or you can get a wireless nunchuk but thoughs are expensive . There is also the classic controller for old games you can get of off the Wii shop channell although you wont need that unless you by those old games .
 I purchased this used Wii remote and it works well.I have had no problems with it and it has been beneficial to me because now I can have Wii Parties.Thanks again.Party on ...
 We ordered this controller as an extra for when we have guests over our house and they are all playing the wii . It fits nicely with the shooter that we also purchased . It came in excellent condition and we would recommend to anyone to purchase from the website . Thank you .
 wii remotes are still pretty cheap compared to how cool they are , and actually durable thanks to the plastic bumper guard !
 What can I say ... it works OKThe strap was twisted but that really does n't matter .
 These little critters are well-known by now ; what new glowing praise can I write that has not already been said thousands of times by the blogosphere ?
 Great price and very fast shipping ! Bought it used and looks like a new Wii controller !!
 Wii Remote ControllerGood remote and it works well ! -LRB- as expected -RRB- I had no problems whatsoever.An excellent item to buy if you need to purchse additional Wii Remotes , or if you find yourself needing a replacement remote for your older one .
 Definitely a must have to add additional players to your Wii Console . The Wii has the best family games , especially for the younger kids -LRB- under 13 -RRB- and the Wii Remote makes it all possible , enabling you to use it as a bat , golf club , tennis racket , etc. . I absolutely love mine !
 I purchased this for my 14 yr old nephew , who informed me it was the BEST Christmas present ever , because now he has two and he can play with his friends and his brother . He also received the dual charger , which he informed me is a must , because this little gizmo eats up batteries ! So if you are thinking of purchasing one , make sure you get the charger with it .
 The Remote for Wii worked wonderfully on my family 's Christmas day gathering . The remotes worked as expected and was very entertaining . Thanks to Amazon , they were delivered well in advance for for our Christmas event . We are very pleased .
 I received the product quickly , in good order and for a good price . I would definitely buy from this source again .
 couple dollars cheaper than retail store ... no sales tax ... free shipping -LRB- at the time -RRB- ... I 'm using rechargeable AA batteries
 Bought an extra remote just in case . Love the Wii . You can get a good woork-out .
 Works great great response easy to grip and plays great with all of the WII games !
 i got this wii and i loved it the minute i got it . it is the funnest thing ever.and the wii controlers are so good that you can have your wii downstairs and it is has such good reseption that it would work from your room upstairs .
 I love the wii and the remote I bought works fine . It was promptly delivered.Thanks
 This does what it is supposed to do . Unfortunately , a second controller is not considered standard issue . The basic system comes only with one controller . Also , it does not include a nunchuck , which will frustrate you when you want to box against your friends . As a suggestion , you may want to see if a bundle contains multiple controllers and possibly a few mediocre games at a reduced price.This complaint is the same issue that I had with the PS2 .
 They feel like they will last for ever . I have very active kids and this remote is doing very well so far .
 It 's great , and very pleased with the delivery time once again !! Keep up the great work !
 I ordered this , and thankfully the vendor that I ordered it from shipped it to me much faster than amazon said they would . The remote showed up in a simple plastic bag and no protective cover . I was expecting -LRB- as from the picture -RRB- that it would come with the rubber protective cover . So I dropped one star from this product for not being true to how it was advertised . The remote itself is a real nintendo remote and connected just fine and works great with my WII . However due to the lack of a protective cover I purchased the rest of my remotes from Game Stop .
 I believe I read some reviews saying these were n't authentic wii remotes , but they ARE and they work great -LRB- exact packaging everything as the orginal , and we did n't forget because we got the wii plus extra remotes within a couple weeks of each other -RRB- , just like our other two . I feel we got a great deal as we had to pay no tax or shipping which saved from buying from a store , which were OUT of the remotes . We recieved them in a timely manner . Nothing to complain about here !
 I purchased my Wii about 6 weeks ago and I love it . I have used it everyday since purchase . It makes my workout more like fun and not work . I recommend this type of workout for everybody .
 WiiWhen I bought a Wii system I also purchased a second Wii remote controller . Good move on my part . My husband and I `` bowl '' several games every day and it is convenient for each of us to have our own controller . I would recommend that anyone purchasing the Wii system consider the purchase of a second controller .
 I bought two of them plusWii Play with Wii RemoteI have no problem , works great and synchronize with my wii without problems
 A great game for up to four peoples . I bought three additional remotes so we could play without sharing a remote.One need be careful . Some ppl think you need to get seriously physical and concsequently injure themselves . My grandson sits on the couch during bowling and gets strike after strike merely snapping the remote in a short motion . -LRB- kids his age know the cheat codes I guess -RRB- As for me , I flail around , knock over expensive lamps , hit other participants , and sometimes fall down from too much alcohol -LRB- for those interest , expensive scotch works best . -RRB- DO NOT BUY the knock-offs from Hong Kong -LRB- if it seems to cheaps , it is -RRB- as they suck worse than a hoover or electrolux . I initially bought three and ended up returning each as they did not work properly -LRB- slow balls ` ha ' -RRB- etc. and were very disappointing even considering the low cost . Get the real McCoy -LRB- unless you are a Hatfield -RRB- HugsGame monster approaching 60
 It s a Wii product so it has to be good unless you are really unfortunate to get a bad piece . It good to buy it from amazon because they offer it $ 5-10 less than most of the stores , without tax and free shipping ...
 Needed a third wii controller for the grandkids . This is a great price and it works great -- just as if the remotehad come with the original wii console packaging .
 Great controller ! Received quickly and as promised . Needed an extra controller for multiple players . Worked great with the equipment I had already , including a motion control sensor . Could n't get this version at a retail site , as the new one had the motion control built in . Thanks !
 This Wii controller arrived very fast and it was as described but when I turned it the last one of the bottom blue lights did n't work 4 out of 5
 was discribed as may having some cosmetic wear but i saw none at all ! plus i paid less than half i would for a brand new one ... . awesome purchase
 I invested in the WII Grand Slam Tennis video a couple of years ago . What a fun game for tennis fanatic 's . One of my original remotes stopped working so I bought a new one . I did n't realize at the time that all the new remotes are WII Motion and it would not work with my Grand Slam game . I was lucky to find the original remotes here and they work wonderful with my game . I was able to get new original remotes for a very cheap price as well . I am very pleased with my purchase . They arrived on time and even came with jackets .
 There 's not much to really explain since this is just a Wii remote but if you are thinking of buying a generic brand of remote it 's a bad idea.If you ever buy one of these I would definitely buy the Nintendo brand ones I have went through three of the Nyko brand ones and now I buy only Nintendo brand.It 's really bad if you use the battery packs with either of them but if you use one with a Nyko do n't expect it to last more then three months.The best setup would the Nintendo remote with normal heavy duty batteries or to save money use Energizer lithium rechargeables just the normal ones not the packs they destroy since you charge them with the energy going through the remote also and this will kill them off eventually.Overall the Nintendo brand may be expensive but they will last forever.If the new Nintendo brand ones seem too expensive try buying used ones on this site you can get very nice ones on here for like 20 $ if not less .
 not the best controller out there , it gets the job done though , you wont be needing much in the wii
 Good Nintendo product . I do n't love the rubber covering but it has kept me from hitting myself in the head .
 Always good to have extras , especially if you have more than one kid , hello , do n't forget the adult kids can where them out in a hurry . We 're very hard on them , LOL
 I recently purchased 2 Wii remote controllers and I am completely satisfied . These are NOT knock-offs or repaired remotes . They were both brand new and worked right out of the box -LRB- after installing batteries of course -RRB- . I am ordering 2 more right now .
 What is there to say , it 's your basic wii controller . No problems , bought this about 4 yrs ago and no issues . Would recommend .
 We needed another Wii remote since we just had the one . It works great , is exactly as advertised and arrived in a timely manner . No complaints at all !
 This was a birthday present for the seventh birthday of the youngest of six siblings . One thing he really wanted was his very own wii remote . He was tickled with the gift and is now the envy of the older five kids . I 'm told it works fine , and he sleeps with it under his pillow so his eight year old brother ca n't get it !
 Appreciated how quickly it came out , and the price . The only issue was that I missed somewhere that the instructions in the packaging would be in Korean . Luckily could figure it out on own .
 I purposely bought this item for my HTC Droid Incredible play older games on emulators.Its coming in used for 15.89 $ like new.Its able to sync -LRB- supposedly -RRB- to my phone for use of input buttons.Will write a review when I receive the item in about 3 days .
 I ordered this wii remote for my brother for his birthday and he loves it . It makes playing the wii much more fun when mor ethan one person can play at a time . It shipped to us in less time than estimated .
 I bought this for my grandkids for Christmas . now they have 4 controllers . they all love to play the wii and can now all play together .
 I brought this remote as an extra so I could play with my daughter who love her Wii . Nothing more to say except shes happy with this purchase : -RRB-
 What can you say ? It arrived on time and as described . It works and does what is supposed to do . Having multiple controllers allows more people to share in the fun .
 It 's a Wii remote that works great . We bought it for the Guitar Hero guitar because it did n't come with one .
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 121 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
 This item is being used as I write this . It is operating perfectly , the synchronization with the Wii went through with no problem . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 Yes , the Wii is a great deal of fun , and you 'll need a couple of remote controllers to share with family and friends . Great price from this site .
 Cost me 4 dollars and worked perfectly and looked like it had not even been used ever before . Great product
 I bought this expecting to receive what I saw in the picture . What I got instead was the Korean version of the Wii Remote -LRB- Korean box , Wii Remote with rubber protector , Korean writing inside the battery cover -RRB- . I suppose it is the same thing , but it is kind of worrisome that what I received was * not exactly * what I ordered . However , the Remote was still able to pair with the Wii and everything seems to work fine -LRB- for now -RRB- .
 to receive and open it seems of good quality wine in a box well protected . The number of stars not complete because I have not completely exceeds my expectations
 For a few $ more you can get an official Nintendo controller . Even though this controller was clearly intended for the Chinese market -LRB- judging from its packaging -RRB- , I still prefer official Nintendo over no-brand controllers .
 I am very satisfied with this article . No complaints so far . It works fine . I recommend it to anyone who needs a similar article .
 Just received my controller -- it came in a Nintendo marked box , included a skin , and had all the right markings of the original . I have little doubt that this is NOT a knock-off . If it is , well you ca n't tell the difference.But Heads Up
 EXCELLENT PURCHASE IS REALLY A PRODUCT QUALITY , SAME AS PUBLISHED IN THE PHOTO AND GREAT PRICE . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . It was very good buy .
 Just a replacement for the one my toddler destroyed . It seems to work just fine , no problems connecting or anything .
 Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good , excelente . .
 Did what it was supposed to do - used by three grandchildren for over a month and still working ! I 'd recommend this product .
 Came well packed and very easy to use , I like the fact that it came with the rubber case , it is important when using a wii controller .
 What can I say , it is the same quality and was adequately described by the vendor . Now I can smoke my wife in some wii games -LRB- I can say this because she does n't shop amazon like I do and she will never read this brazen statement !!!!! -RRB-
 Revolutionary controller - I still ca n't believe all of the movements that it picks up when playing games . The plastic cover enhances the grip , but my only gripe is that the `` B '' button on the back of the controller occasionally gets pressed by mistake .
 Item was delivered quickly and works like the originals that came in the box with the Wii . The only difference I could tell was that this remote seemed a few grams lighter than the originals , but it works just as well . I also noticed that the price increased about $ 5 more that it did just a week prior to my purchase . Now if only I can get more than 1 nunchuck from Amazon , my set would be complete .
 Ca n't operate game without this controller . Was the best price I had found out there . Thank you . Keep it up
 and a great deal on amazon too ! no regrets on this purchase at all . ^ w ^
 I bought this to have a second remote . It works very well and the price was great .
 This is a nice controller . It feels comfortable in your hand and has a nifty little hole for your nunchuk -LRB- made to work together with the wii remote -RRB- . The sensor works way better than I thought it would , almost perfectly . The only problem is that the Wii remote seems a little bit awkward when it has to be on its side.With the arrival of the Wii Remote came games that did n't measure up to games from previous consoles , but that 's Nintendo 's fault , not the Wii Remote 's .
 having a second wii remote is so mych fun and better than only 1 . love the wii remote
 What can you say about a Wii remote ? About the only thing to add is that Amazon.com did have the cheapest price out of anybody -LRB- including Wal-mart , where I even receive a whopping 10 % discount -RRB- . I used the Super Saver shipping and had them shipped free . Sure , the wait was a bit longer , but for me , there was no rush as long as I got them . Check your prices , then come back to Amazon to buy !!!
 Interactive is an understatement ... the Wii is the best system by far . A must for families , teens , fitness buffs , etc. . . you will not be dissappointed !!!
 Thought the package was lost or never received . Finally showed up after projected shipping receive date . Emailed vendor before arrival and did recieve response next day apologizing and they would send a Wii Nunchuk Controller which was not the item I ordered . Bottom line is we did finally receive the correct item and for a great price !
 I purchased two wii remotes because I liked to play all the family together . We are a four members family and I had two remotes , so when we played , two of us have to watched while the others two were playing . Now we can play together at the same time , an my kids can invite their cousins to play and they can play all at the same time .
 This game is so much fun . I am able to keep up with my grandkids and sometime even beat them playing wii games . This is an extra remote which comes in handy when you are playing with three grandkids .
 General you get a Wii remote controller and a Nunchuk when you buy your wii . If your looking at more than one person playing then you will need additional Controllers.Keep in mind only four -LRB- 4 -RRB- people can play at a time and the sensor bar is a bit limiting . It has a great tendency to not register your actions and lose players.I will recommend sticking at two -LRB- 2 -RRB- players until they upgrade the sensor bar.You can always have friends come over with their remotes and experience what four player mode is like.The Wii remote comes with regularly batteries . You can buy rechargeable batteries if you like . I have not tried them as yet , so I can not recommend what I believe is a good soultion.Have fun with your Wii : -RRB-
 The clear rubber-like covering for this Wii Remote Controller is wonderful as is the controller -LRB- great idea by Wii -RRB- !
 The Wii Console only comes with one remote . You need to purchase extra remotes for more players . This remote is made by Wii , and works perfectly .
 You need this to play a two player game . Some have suggested that you might want to get the bundle pack instead because for only ten dollars more you get the same remote and game and a good skin .
 I ordered Wii controllers for my son for Christmas and they were exactly what I ordered and came very promptly which his a big deal to me . You never know if an item that you order is going to come , if it 's going to be what you ordered or if it 's going to be in good shape . So the sooner I get the item , the happier I am.I 'd order from them again !!!!
 Unless there is no one else in your orbit who will play Wii with you , you must have a 2nd remote !
 Amazon offfered the best low price on Wii Remote Controllers and thispurchase qualified for free shipping . These are my top priorities when shopping .
 a bought this as an extra wii-mote , so that I could play with my teenage daughter . it is good to have extra wii-remotes at home so that everybody can enjoy the thrill of playing.It comes with a rubber cover to protect and make a better grasp .
 I have played alot of games with the Wii-mote even the virtual console games and it seems to work pretty good . I have n't had any problems out of it except the batteries die quick . That is why I bought the dual wii-mote charger with two battery packs . If you are going to play a lot get one of those as well . Addtionally , by the other three controllers and get it other with . Do n't have the problems I ran into when so friends come over and all of you are sharing wii-motes and playing Wii-sports .
 Great remote with ultra cheap wrist band.Broke after one week.The remote hit a trunk but was durable enough to survive the impact.I recondmend making a home-made wrist band.I only gave it four stars in overall because of the faulty strap that came with the remote .
 Yeah , Wiimotes are awesome . I tried buying a refurbished one before from one of the Amazon merchannts . It was straight up broken - not scratched or anything , just would n't turn on , despite trying several sets of batteries . On the other hand , the merchant was understanding , and sent me a refund without even asking for the item back!Anyway , if you want to avoid headaches , just buy a new Wiimote .
 The Wii is supposedly based on the idea that anyone can use it for their own purposes . Unfortunately , the Wii comes with one Wii Remote , which means one person at a time . Therefore , the more remotes you have -LRB- maximum - 4 -RRB- , the more people you can have waving around remotes watching the hand move across the screen at the same time ! Also for Wii Sports , going head to head with your friends is slightly tough without using more than one controller . Really , if you do n't plan on paying multiplayer games , another remote IS pretty useless , but that should go without saying , right ?
 Este es el control original del WII . Funciona perfectamente y el precio es el correcto . Lo compre para jugar con mis hijos y tener mi propio control ya que los de ellos est&aacute;n muy golpeados . No se ha colocado amarillo , el protector original de WII ayuda mucho y tampoco se ha colocado amarillo . Muy buen dispositivo .
 Bought from this specific supplier they suck . Buttons do n't line up , controls have to be used differently , I 'm throwing them away , disputing the charge on my American Express , and ordering direct from the manufacturer . We synched these to several friends Wiis and the sucks also , and the friends have multi-player also . So it must be - has to be - the controller . Some cheap chinese imitation made to look real.Do NOT buy these from the same guy .
 My experience with fridayplay -LRB- fridayplay I beilevee is the name of this seller -RRB- . I bought 3 remote controllers . One of them was not working and still not working . I tried to contact the seller after I contacted a Nitendo technician who concluded that the remote was defective and inoperable . I never got a response from them up until now despite their claim of working with buyers to solve the issue or even refunding me the full amount paid for the defective controller . I submitted a complaint to Amazon with no success . I really regret having had to do business with this seller . How can I get my money back ?
 We , older folks , do enjoy this game - sometimes with friends and sometimes just the two of us .
 The wii remote accurately reads the motion of the twists and turns you acuthilly do.the buttons are A , B , + , -,1,2 , Pad & Home.Best remote EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
 a normal wii remote , if you had have play wii , then you know how is a wii remote .
 This is an amazing game in which the player gets to create their own ecosystem . They must learn to balance life -LRB- for example , make sure there are enough zebras for the lions to eat but also enough so they can breed and increase herd size -RRB- while making sure each animal 's requirements for food and water are met . Wildlife Tycoon is a great simulation game and will keep anybody who loves animals interested and excited while also making them think . This game is a must buy for any animal lover !
 I 've owned this game for a year now and I 'm still playing it nonstop ! The thing I love about this game is that if you want , you can be any of the animals ! All I can say is
 Was really happy that it came in on time . Works like a charm ! The game is really fun ! Thanks ! ~ Sarah
 I finally bought this because we used up the trial and had n't had close to enough fun !
 I bought this game at Target awhile ago and I still like it . There are two modes , the main mode where you unlock animals and one where you can play with all the unlocked animals . You basically start out with some flowers -LRB- your money to buy the animals -RRB- and you buy animals that get you toward your jewel goal -LRB- jewels are used to buy food and water -RRB- . Then you keep playing until you pass the level . I think this is a good game worth $ 20 .
 Why is this game got heaps of bead reviews . Ignore them , this game is great . Okay , to the graphics and animations were not very good but I 'm a member of the forum at the pocketwatch games company -LRB- I 'm using the kid 's review because my credit card expired -RRB- . These are the things that I found out :1 . This game was made one person in his bedroom . He loved to create games and he loved animals . He worked very hard on this game .2 . There IS strategy . Animals have a herd limit -LRB- e.g. zebras have a family size of twelve -RRB- . That means you need to place enough food for twelve zebras , which is no easy task .3 . This game is continuously being updated so all needs are met.Think about this , and then buy the game .
 This game is great fun ! What you have to do is to create a a savannah ecosystem with lions , zebras , giraffes etc. . It 's very fun and it helps you think . You may not notice that you are thinking hard , but trust me , you 'll get more out of it than any other PC game.Okay , so it may not be quite realistic , but the person who made it was not stupid . It took them months of coding to do . I think the last review was too harsh . This is not like Zoo Tycoon or Theme Park . It has a genre of its own and had a lot of hard work and love put into it .
 This is a killer game . I 've been playing almost nonstop for two days and this is the most fun I 've had in a long long time . The art is rich and the environments lush . The units are full of character and each of the heroes are unique . I was really surprised , I was expecting a more-of-the-same Warcraft III , but this thing blew me away . Warcraft III came off as a big bloated over budget yawnfest . This game is a lean mean , hit and run , `` screw them before they screw you '' kind of game with some of the smartest AI I 've seen yet.I did n't know what to expect because I did n't want to play a game with the visuals that the movies have . I like the movies alot , but I do n't want to look at a mishmash of browns and grays on my monitor . This game 's art style is not that at all , it 's just simply really cool . The colors are rich and it looks like you 're in a painted graphic novel . The special effects are wild and the voice acting is great . The single player missions are awesome with scenarios behind the scenes and including the main storyline . The campaigns that take place in cities are cool with rich details like damaged buildings , rubble , and a bridge you have to demolish to hinder the enemy . Helm 's Deep and Osgiliath are simply amazing.This game really shines in multiplayer too . For the good side , you have Gondor Swordsmen , Rohan Riders , Elven Archers , Elven Lightbringers , Dwarven Axethrowers , Dwarven Shieldbreakers , Huorns -LRB- Ents -RRB- and Beorning -LRB- wildmen that turn into Bears -RRB- For the evil side you have Orc Slashers , Orc Archers , Uruk-hai , Wraiths , Haradrim , Troll Stone-hurlers , and Troll Bone-cleavers , Warg Riders , and Spiders . Also , each of the heroes are designed so that you have to adapt your strategy according to which heroes the enemy has in play . Gimli can steal your towers and temporarily stun melee units near him , Frodo and Gollum have stealth capabilities , the Witch King can convert Wraiths into Nazgul , Legolas can increase allies mobility and protection from ranged attacks , Saruman and Gandolf are just killer wizards that can turn the battle and Aragorn , man , Aragorn is the KING . He just becomes the melee unit of all melee units the more he gains levels.In addition to all this are the Fate Powers , which you can use by accumulating Fate Points , which are acquired based on how much damage you inflict on your opponent . The Fate Powers are unique spells that can easily shift the tide in a battle . With Fate Powers , the Evil side can summon spells that can do things like slow enemy units down , or a giant cloud of crows that protect the evil side 's units , etc. . There 's an evil Fate Power that summons a giant obelisk that bursts through the ground and absorbs damage for the Evil side . The ultimate evil Fate Power is summoning a Balrog with a flaming sword that just makes mince meat out of anything in its path . The Balrog 's fire effects are just stunning ! On the Good side , there are Fate Powers like Blind , and a spell that creates a field of brambles that damages enemies running through it . The ultimate Good side Fate Power summons a giant Ent -LRB- Treebeard -RRB- and he attacks by throwing a massive boulder at enemies.I would really recommend this game to the experienced or novice game player . Have fun !
 I picked up War of the Rings just the other day and have been playing it since . It has a tremendously realistic feel for all Tolkien fans out there . The graphical sets for each of the missions are very much how I pictured them from the books , as well as true to the movies so far.The setting is Middle Earth and the Good Campaign chronicals all of the major heroes in the literary work . You are tasked with many different missions , some pre-requisites to others , and follow the books well into the story . Example of this are the Battle for Helm 's Deep , the battle for Lothlorien , tracking Gollum , that battle for Gondor , etc.The graphics and storyline pay the game off extremely well , but the gameplay itself is typical of most RTS games ; easy to learn and simplistic in nature -LRB- think WarCraft series -RRB- . The r-click , l-click dilemma is solved in WotR with it being an option to choose , which is a nice added touch . The game came fully working and , unlike 95 % of RTS game 's first releases , had no noticable bugs for my system -LRB- 2.2 g , 512MBRam , Win XP -RRB- . A very pleasant surprise.Anyone that 's a fan of RTS or Tolkien would do well to pick this game up . It 's simple to learn , fun to play and very immersive since it has such a prolific history . I ca n't wait to start the `` Evil '' campaign and get back into the storyline !
 Reading reviews from all over the net it is pretty clear this is the type of game you are going to love or hate . I personally love this game so I thought I would categorize the reasons why to help others with their purchasing decision.The War of the Ring is based on the literary works of J.R.R. Tolkien , what does this mean exactly ? First it means this game is not based on the Peter Jackson movies so do not expect things to look or feel exactly as the big screen version . However that said the developers of this game actually had more material to work with , just take a look at all the indexes and appendices -LRB- not mention main story elements -RRB- that were left out of the movies . War of the Ring does an excellent job covering both the main story line and events only glossed over within the book . This makes the game seem familiar yet fresh for diehard Tolkien veterans.The graphics in this game are superb . The backgrounds are highly detailed and just interactive enough to keep them interesting . The first time you send 80 elven archers through a field of blowing grass and watch it realistically react to their presence will have you in awe . From Mind bogglingly beautiful waterfalls to nightmarish fortresses this game has a graphic style that surpasses Warcraft III in its majesty . The individual units are a little under whelming unfortunately . They seem to be just a few polygons shy of acceptable . That said this is an RTS game and 99 % of the time you will be zoomed out so far that it is irrelevant . From a distance the units look great and the massive battles will make you a true believer.The audio portion of the game is a mixed bag . The music and voice acting is top notch . A symphony orchestra keeps the pace as booming voices please your ears . However unit sounds leave a little to be desired . For example the gigantic Stonehurler makes merely a muffled noise as it rips giant boulders asunder from the earth , not exactly anything to get excited about . In all fairness most of the games unit audio is great from the elves shouting a battle cry to the noise of their arrows whooshing in the air . This high standard makes the bad or missing sounds that much more noticeable however and it does really detract from the immersion factor.Game play is where this title will live or die for you . If you love fast paced , simple real time strategy , with little or no micromanagement you will cut off your ring finger for this game ! Simple and sweet is the name of the game . The best way to describe the mechanics is to imagine a simplified Warcraft II . Only two resources proper exist they are easy to acquire and plentiful to harvest . Scavenging the map for resources is usually not necessary . Places of power can be found on each map that also act as a kind of resource , controlling a place of power gives your units a special bonus and weather you or the enemy control these can make the difference in a prolonged campaign . Speaking of the enemy the enemy and friendly AI in this game is beautiful . Archers smartly stay back from a battle if melee troops are in front of them . Units do not stupidly stand by if they are under attack . The enemy occasionally tries to lay ambushes and uses scouts to great effect . This makes the single player campaign very enjoyable.Building units is very straight forward , and the tech tree is mercifully short . The recent innovation of adding hero units to real time strategy has been carried over to great effect in this game . Hero units use fate to gain more abilities ; this caveat alone keeps you in the action as you have to fight intense battles to earn fate points . I could go on about how fun the evil campaign is , or how cool the Lord of the Nazgul looks . This review is long enough now so consider everything else just icing on the cake . To put it bluntly this game is just fun . Not perfect and defiantly not for the detail and stat freak this game easily scores 4 stars by me .
 I have n't played many computer games , particularly a real-time strategy such as this . I 'm more of a LotR fan -LRB- the books primarily , and the films , of course -RRB- . I had fun playing this game , even though I 'm pretty pathetic at it . It was n't hard to figure out how to play -LRB- although it helps if you 've got some friends who know strategy games -- they can give you tips on the finer points of what to do to actually try to win -RRB- . Thank goodness it does n't require the eye-hand coordination of a teen-ager -LRB- which I do n't have !!! -RRB- . It was interesting to see how Middle Earth was envisioned in this game . It 's different than the films , which is a good thing since I can always see the films for that version -- and there are other games which more easily can fit the look of the film version . I loved wandering about places like Mirkwood , where the trees were huge and your elf characters -LRB- along with Legolas ! -RRB- hunts for Gollum and have to deal with nasty Giant Spiders and Orcs.It was also fun to play Dwarves and build a Giant Catapult or roll boulders off cliffs to fight off orcs.I was also surprised to really like playing the bad guys . When I figured out more about the game I could play some skirmishes and actually get some bigger units , like the Trolls -- which were cool to see lumbering about.Even more powerful stuff , like getting Fate points and calling Gandalf or Ringwraith into being were harder for me , but still possible for a mediocre player.It should be possible for nearly every level of player to enjoy this game . When I set the levels to Easy , it was possible to see enough of the game not to be frustrated . I could even win every now and then ! And as I learned more about how stuff worked , I got even better at it -- just by playing the game.So take my advice with a pinch of salt
 Bwa ha ha ! Feel the wrath of Gimli paired with the mighty Gandalf and Aragorn ! Fear Anduril , flame of the west ! Oops , sorry , I get carryed away.It 's not hard to do with this game , though . It is incredible . The game is played in a sense of Warcraft meets Battle Realms -LRB- which was a game I always happened to like despite public opinion -RRB- . It has the potential for clever strategy in combat or , if you 're the bashem ' up type , that works too . Point in mind is that the game is focused around battle . Finally , a war game focused around what its name suggests . Resource management is only a footnote in the game , something to keep the balance.Sure , that sounds good enough already , but there 's so much more . The two sides -LRB- yes , only two , but no big deal -RRB- of the game are good and evil , respectively the alliance and Sauron 's dark forces . Two sides are good enough simply because of how much you can do with them . So much research was put into the development of the game , making sure that no pivotal characters were left out . As the alliance , the player can recruit elven archers , various dwarf units , the Riders of Rohan , and other book-specific units as well as heroes such as Aragorn , Gimli , and others . Evil is much the same with various orc and troll units available -LRB- the trolls are massive , not to mention pretty cool -RRB- as well as the evil legends such as Gollum , The Witch King , and Saruman.Combat in the game is fast , but not frantic like it can be in other games . You have enough time to use the special abilities you worked so hard to get . A thing I liked about such unit upgrades was the fate points -LRB- a ying-yang system like in Battle Realms -RRB- . You get fate points , your heroes can become more powerful . Or , if you 're in a tight spot , you can cast a `` fate spell '' , as I like to call them . This will deter your opponents in some way varying from summoning a blinding flash of light to calling forth the powerful and rather intimidating -LRB- even on a video game -RRB- Balrog.Lord of the Rings fans will love the game if they are n't to hardcore about sticking to the book . Of course the movie and game adaptations are going to leave out some parts of the book , that 's life . Even none LOTR freaks will like this game a good deal . Give it a shot , it wo n't let you down.Now I 'm going back to bashing the bejesus out of some of the scum of Middle-Earth , if you do n't mind .
 Currently living in a state where `` The Lord of the Rings '' is in all `` things '' these days and having seen this one on the shelves at one of the local stores and liking the occasional pc game , I thought it would be an interesting purchase . As it so happens , this is a very interesting purchase that makes for a fun time filler being a game that is replete with much of the rich `` history '' that is J.R.R. Tolkien 's world , although not exact mind you , but it does provide and interesting `` aspect '' to that world and in doing so , makes for a fun game.Overall , this is a fairly good strategy type game that is fun to play and includes some very interesting additional features such as fate points which lead you to some very interesting spells that can , at times , turn the tide in your favor!There are two sides to this game , just as in the novels ; the good side and the evil side . Both of which include the familiar heroes from the novels and movies , such as Aragorn , Legolas , Gimli and even brings in a character or two seen in `` The Hobbit . '' The evil side even has Gollum and Saruman.Given that this game is of the strategy type , and the very interesting aspects of the individual unit 's skills , one can use stealth at times to achieve their individual or overall goals . One can also just go full boar into battle mode with enough units and let the melee begin when attacking your opponents . Just as with many games of this type , you can gather a very large force and attack your opponent 's strongholds but beware ; upon doing so , maintaining command and control over your forces during such an attack just turns into a melee as your forces go wild , doing what they do best , killing and being killed!The Good Side : Weighing in for the forces of the free people of Middle Earth are the following units : Workers , Gondor Swordsmen , Dwarf Axe throwers , Dwarf Shield breakers , Riders of Rohan , Rangers , Eleven Archers , Elven Light bearers , The Beorning and The Huorn . Available heroes
 But this game wo n't do it for experienced RTS players . For the Tolkien fans , the game gives you an overview of the history before the Fellowship of the Ring came to be . If you ever wondered what Gimli , Boromir , Aragorn , Legolas and company were up to before the Elrond 's council , here you go ! Gameplay is not difficult at all for players new to the RTS genre . All you need to do is point and click the good guys in the right direction and they usually know when to engage the enemy in battle and when to back off . I 'm not a huge RTS fan and I was able to walk through the first couple Good missions with relative ease . More experience RTS gamers will probably like the Evil campaign better , as it is a bit more challenging . But overall this game is almost too easy to keep an experienced RTS player interested.What is really confusing to me is while it seems like the game was designed more for Tolkien fans and not PC gamers , the System Requirements want you to have a system that is more in line with a hardcore PC gamer . You must have a pretty up-to-date system and video card just to run the game.For me , the Tolkien fan , the game is fun even though it has a hard time running on my lacking computer . For more hardcore gamers , War of the Ring is probably too bland to keep you interested .
 I like this game alot and it has in my opoin great grafics . But you must be warned this game is a huge power hog , while i do n't think the reccomened CPU speed is right this thing needs alot of video power -LRB- 32MG it aks for -RRB- With an onboard card even around 64MG i found it to be laggy . I can run ut fine on my Sony Vaio with 128MG seprate card . Also this program reccoumends 256Mg 's of RAM alone not accounting for you OS and anyrthing already coming up . Please also note that you must be runnung the latest DirectX 9.0 . It does higly recomend that you do not use a intoagrated video card . To get an idea of the power this thing needs download the demo first at http://www.warofthering.com/Now to the reviw , i really like this game and find it a great way to relax . But like most games 's of this style it takes alot of time to get ressorces and make them into warriors .
 The War of the ring is the game people really want , it 's the game that FOCUSES on the war for the ring of power , and only focuses on that aspect alone.This game allows you to control the Allience or the Dark Armies.And you can attack the other army , it is the way tolkien meant it , raw . You can kill everyone and run your towns.This game is just like the Age of Empires Series but witht the added element of Tolkiens emagination.Overview : Fun - 10/10 A lot of fun to destoy the opposing forces.Gameplay - 10/10Graphics - 8/10 a little on the sketchy side.Difficulty-9 / 10Overall-37 / 40This game is a lot of fun to play , but i wish the graphics were better , like the PS2 games ' graphics . But this game is a lot of fun with or without the graphics.Try out this game . You ca n't be dissapointed .
 wheni first got i was like ... this ios goin to be ok ... now i now ita asoome ... humans rock .
 I have never played this game , but I was thinking about buying it . Then I read the spotlight review . It helped a lot . I am definetly going to buy this game . THANK YOU ! READ THE SPOTLIGHT REVIEW PS
 In terms of gameplay , this game is very similar to Warcraft3 . < ajax > haha ok a game with the install directory `` War of the Ring -LRB- tm -RRB- '' ca n't be very good . :P < fRy > God . < fRy > Are you serious . < ajax > Yeah . :P < ajax > The directory is property of the Tolkein estate , apparently .
 its a cool game but only the characters are faled
 The box said `` Multiplayer '' so I assumed it was playable on a LAN as many games are now days ... WRONG ! You can only have two players and both must play on the same computer , one on the keyboard/mouse and the other on a game pad . I found the term `` multiplayer '' misleading.The game itself is a lot of fun , however you 're limited on the characters you can play . You ca n't play characters such as Pippen , Merry and Faramir until you 've completed the entire game . After that the extra characters will be unlocked and you can play any of the characters in any of the adventures.You will get hooked .
 This game is pretty good . The bad thing it only has two tribes . I 've played the game and it has alot of action and vilence so if your a war kind of person i would get it.Overall it 's a must get game
 This game reminds me of command and conquer or stronghold . You build men and send them into battle . Of course there are major differences . The graphics are better and more and better units . The buildings are better constructed and are able to be destroyed harder . Thanx
 Great packaging ! I love the good vs. evil boxes . Game was excellent ... 5 stars !! i highly recommend this game .
 Have you played two towers ? Well you thought it was great right ? Did you play the return of the king ? Awsome ? Well this game is one of the best games i 've ever played based on lord of the rings.Here are some reasons why i give this game a 4 star rating :1 . If you 've played etheir of the games above you know that the music is one of the things that puts you on the edge of your seat . Well let me tell you that this game has some of the most thrilling musical featurretts that I have ever heard . In the forests they have a certain type of music . In sieging castle levels -LSB- or defending -RSB- they have a perfect timed yet fast paced action beat .2 . The background . It has so much texture , it almost looks real . The trees look so good . The grass is so green . the sea looks salty blue . So you can probably imagine what the forests of this game will look like .3 . Now we talk graphics . I was a little disapointed with the graphics . Im sorry to say but my favorite charicter Legolas looks like a girl . Arigorn , Borimere , and Farmir look the same -LSB- and they kind of sound the same too ! -RSB- but Gimili is okay . But the orcs look pretty good . When you build a base -LSB- or whatever they call it -RSB- it looks great . Its not to old looking but not to new .4 . Battle . When your at the Helms Deep level . You have to kill over 500 orcs . When your riders of Rohan or your elvish bowmen are strafing those orcs it looks great . it makes you feel like your the king . You can control bundles of troops to destroy your enemy . Personally bowmen are my favorite . Take Legolas and 10 bowmen you can take over Mor ` dor . -LSB- you might need a couple more bowmen ! -RSB- 5 . Last but definently not least gameply . This is a simple game . You need only to collect two resorses . it is simple to build and control armies . You dont need to figure out puzzles . All you need to do is to know what lord of the rings is , know how to count , and to have a good battle stratagie in mind at all times . -LSB- which is n't to hard to figure out . -RSB- Most of all have fun with this game . If you 've played Warcraft2 then your over qualified to play this game . But ethier way you can be sure to buy this one . So go ahead join the battle for middle earth .
 This one was just okay for me . I am a big fan of Warcraft and this game is along the same lines . My copy was a bit buggy though , with visual glitches which took away from my enjoyment . The game is licensed from the books , so the orcs and such are a little differant from the movie versions . If you want the movie version , go pick up Battle for Middle Earth . All in all , this game had decent graphics , good AI , and had kept me entertained .
 I really enjoyed this game -- graphics are good and the gameplay in really great.In one of the previous user reviews on this page , they stated that the game was not playable over LAN and could only be played with two players on the same machine . They must be thinking of another game , because this game is fully playable over a LAN as well as over the Internet and can not be played with two players on the same machine . -LRB- Maybe they 're thinking of the Hobbit game ? -RRB-
 I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised with this game . It plays like Warcraft 3 but better IMO because it is Lord of the Rings . It really never gets old to me in Skirmish Mode . The music and voice overs are amazing.Highly Recommended
 Some people say this game is stupid , or too easy but I very much enjoyed it !!! The gameplay was excellent and I found it to be fairly challenging . It 's a very fun game ! I love how every character has their own special abilities ! This is a must buy for the fans of Warcraft !!!
 Let 's look at this from a logical standpoint :1 -RRB- Runs on the WC3 engine , plays just like WC3 , if you liked WC3 , chances are you 'll like this . Though they 've improved on everything , including graphics .2 -RRB- You need a fairly decent PC , if you 're whining because your graphics are lame , maybe it 's time to toss out your 486X and hit the new-age of 64-bit graphics .3 -RRB- It 's BASED on the BOOKS , not the Movies . If you 're someone who thinks Legolas is the coolest guy ever , and have never read the books , or only read them after seeing Peter Jackson 's movies , this game is not for you . This game is for true LotR fans that enjoy the classical art-style , and the accuracy . If you want some bland , boring , EA-produced , New-line Cinema 's taking more of your money and handing you crap game , there are two Battle for Middle Earths , and an expansion.This game is for true RTS Fans and true LotR fans . Movie-goers shove-off . I read the books 10-times through before I even heard about any movies -LRB- Which were disappointing to say the least . -RRB- There are plenty of other RTS that are tasteless and grey , and if you buy this expecting another Command and Conquer
 I do n't know much about the game cause i got the demo but even just the demo i can tell this is a great game . if your not sure if you want to buy it cause you never played it before than trust me you should buy this game . if you do n't believe me get the demo from www.lordoftherings.com and try it out yourself.i like the role playing but i when the game suddenly stops and a quick conversation go 's on it gets annoying . but all and all i give this game a 5 star for awsome grafics and it can be approved by both kid and adult .
 I am a HUGE lord of the rings fan . I love all the movies and all the games but I have to say out of all the lord of he rings games I like this one probably the best . It has a huge replay value and I play it constantly . One of my top 10 games of all time . It 's up there with battlefield bad company 2 . I really love this game !
 I dont see what everyone has against this game -LRB- except for the graphics , which raise the question
 I have read the LOTR series and was excited for this game . When I got it , I realised that it was pretty much just warcraft with different characters . That was the first dissapointment . Next , I played it on all the difficulties but it just seems that my hoard of cloaked elven archers desimate all that is my enemy in a matter of minutes . The game is very fun with a cool but short single player but I think it is just too easy ! Mabey the multiplayer will be better ? I definetly hope so . Dont get me wrong , this game is good and worth the money by all means ! I just wished that it could have put in more units and made the game a tad bit more difficult ...
 the game is the best computer game since 1200 b.c. legolas is awesome , i cant really beat the balrog , but it is still amazing . the best on the good side is legolas , and witch king on the evil . this game is so awesomely amazing u want 2 jump up and down screamin this game is so amazing . if u like lotr , u will luv this game , if u hate lotr u will luv this game , basically u will luv this game , even if ur from zimbabwe
 In the world of WarCraft this game is just as good if not better . Great strategy and excellent gameplay .
 For those people who rate this game bad based on the demo , then they say its a waste of money should shut up . When the demo starts it clearly says that it 's a PRE-BETA version of the game and there are unfinished things in the game . On my computer the ground is completly grey , I do n't know if this is because it 's a beta version or if my computer just ise n't good enough also . I ca n't really tell you how this game is because I havent played it in a while , on my computer its laggy also , but again , I do n't know if its because its a beta version or because of my computer . I hope I helped you with this sort-of review .
 When the TOA expansion came out , it suffered from its share of bugs and balance issues . Many of these have been fixed . It is attractive and fun , with many quests , artifact mobs , and other challenges . The problem is , its a high level pve expansion in a game that appeals mainly to a PVP audience . PVP lovers usually hate the `` repetition '' -LRB- leveling treadmill , etc -RRB- of PVE . And to compete effectively in PVP you are pretty much forced to complete the Master Levels and acquire the Artifacts that are introduced in the expansion.So if you like PvE , this is good fun . If you are like most folks that play DAOC for the PVP , you will agree that this was a misguided expansion .
 One of the biggest things I enjoy about this online game is its sense of community and team work . It makes it fun to visit with others and to engage in gameplay together . This new expansion adds a great new level to gameplay and community.First for gameplay , the expansion adds more depth to the game . Graphically -LRB- if your system can handle it -RRB- the world is more ` alive ' and contains greater detail and shading . It adds content to the gameplay that was never available before , and multiple new skills that have to be earned not as a solo player but as a team.The content of ToA lends itself to group encounters . It helps build teamwork and a better sense of community . The community now has to ask the question , what skills do we lack and how can we help someone in our guild / alliance to gain that skill to the benefit of us all.The biggest downside of this , is that the expansion will not appeal to the casual player . While there are places to solo fight in the expansion , to gain the new master level skills will require groups of people . Thus a casual player will not benefit from this addition .
 Trials of Atlantis finally introduces something genuinely new and different to Dark Age of Camelot.The expansion focuses primarily on the lands of Atlantis , and the Master Level trials - a set of fairly involved quests and encounters that will eventually earn you very powerful artifacts , equipment , and new abilities . These encounters generally require more than one person , 4 - 8 seems to be the norm , but several of them will require several full grups working together ... and some can be completed solo.Other new additions to Dark Age of Camelot include improved graphics , underwater exploration and combat , personally owned and operated boats , a bunch of new models and skins for armor and equipment , and a new race in each realm.While Trials of Atlantis does n't completely change the game , it does add something new to it . Rather than simply killing monsters , or killing enemy players , you now have the trials to complete . Generally speaking these trials are more involved than simply hauling items around or killing monsters . Many of them involve an element of strategy or puzzle-solving . Many of them are also incredibly frustrating and confusing until you discover the `` correct '' solution.Give it a try ... definitely worth the money .
 I have been a player of DAoC since release and are still playing . Ofcourse to all the games there 's the positive and negative . Let me start with the positive . Of all the mmorpg games i 've played and beta tested -LRB- i 've played alot from Ultima Online to Everquest to Asheron 's Call etc. -RRB- this have by far the most beautiful graphics gamewise . And with all the expansions that came out it gets even better . Trials of Atlantis will just make you go in awe seeing the Underwater City of Atlantis and it 's surrounding inhabitants . The second great part of the game is the PvE or player versus engine . It 's basically where you participate to kill or confront the NPC 's -LRB- non player characters -RRB- in the game . Be it by questing or just roaming with your friends in groups to find riches and treasures . I have tried and played all known characters from all 3 different realms in the game and i have stuck with Albion because i believe they are the most fun for me and are more balanced in terms of magic and melee . I think people who have lots of patience like me will like the `` tradeskills '' part of the game . One of my character is a Legendary Tailor and I like the idea of being able to make profits from my crafts and sell it to my consignment merchant or vendor that is placed outside my own house in the housing zone.The part i can not recommend this game for is the PvP -LRB- player versus player -RRB- . PvP in this game pretty much goes for Realm v. Realm in which you run in massive groups and just `` zerg '' everyone . It 's very repetative and it 's so not fun at all . When you get zerged you just trample people and the battle usually lasts in about 1 min or less . Quick deaths or quick kill . I find this game to be very imbalanced when it comes to PvP . Alot of people have exploited the fact that they can use another account to set up a `` Buffbot '' to magically enhance their other characters for battle and have a massive advantage that those who do n't have one . It 's pretty much whoever can afford to keep another account for a buffbot are the ones that usually wins in PvP . I shy away from this part of the game and it 's very frustrating . I do n't believe Mythic will ever fixed this imbalance since alot of people have voiced their concern about this and for 2 years now it has never been fixed or talked about by the developers.Apart from that negative part of that game I would recommend this game for the fun PvE , great graphics , quest rewards , house ownership and player interactions . Too bad the PvP really lacks balance otherwise I would give this game 5 stars but im leaving one out .
 Is this a Trials of Atlantis review or a rant and rave section about Dark Age of Camelot?Plain and simple this game is great . Everyone has said the expansions make it better and better and that 's true . But please people stick to the subject here.Trials of Atlantis is supposed to have some of the best graphics of any MMORPG to date . From what I have seen from the beta I would have to agree . The new underwater system is a trip along with the new tradeskill recipies . I am looking forward to playing this expansion the moment it arrives at my home.Why only 4 stars then ? Because I have yet to actually sit and play this expansion . I was only able watch someone on beta testing . But , from what I have seen and read it is going to be a great expansion just like Shrouded Isles was .
 All these people go and try other games but they all come back . the graphics are great , buy it .
 I 'm loving this expansion . It 's bringing very unique game play and absolutely breath takingly beautiful graphics . Makes you use your brain for a change .
 Do n't listen to these people that love to complain . I have been with daoc since the first week its been out and have to say that I love it . How can you expect to not spend time getting the great gear ? If it was easy then it would be a pointless expansion . And it is geared for high level characters though mythic has added some camps for getting experience now . All in all its a great expansion that I highly recommend . Do n't listen to these people that like to form `` pity parties . '' ` Nuff said .
 There are usually about 20,000 - 30,000 people playing DAoC at any given time.What you see here for reviews are those that were passionate enough to leave the game and come to amazon to flame.Usually people do that when they are upset or fustraited . Most people I know that have gotten ToA have enjoyed it . Yes , it 's made RvR different , but I know people without it that still do just fine.Mythic has always done a good job with things over time , I think they will continue to tweak the release and make it more fair for everyone.The improved graphics and new races alone are worth the purchase price , IMHO.Take all the bad reviews with a grain of salt . If you just spent 4 hours trying to get something and failed , you might come flame it for a minute here too ... but most of them come right back and try again anyway . If it was easy , it would n't be worth doing .
 The expansion works differently than the original game and first expansions . It is almost exclusively strictly PvE -LRB- Player versus Environment -RRB- . However , the Master Level Skills you learn are designed to help you in RvR combat with enhanced skills , new spell abilities and more.There is more of an experimental approach to the game , with players being required to discover how to complete quests , instead of the A to B to C approach of the first two games . In my opinion , this keeps the game from become boring or predictable.The game requires single , group and battlegroup -LRB- multiple group -RRB- participation in order to complete the various aspects of the Master Level quests.It is recommended that one not play the game with anything less than a 1.5 gb machine , a high end graphics card -LRB- the GeForce TI and FX series come to mind -RRB- and plenty of memory .
 It seems like alot of the reviews for this game are all bad , but let me assure you that plenty of us like it ! The graphics are AMAZING . . the textures and new trees really bring all your favorite old hangouts to life . The new races are also really fun to play . Albion finally gets a huge and strong race , the half-ogres . Hibernia finally gets a mean looking race , the Shar . And Midgard gets a real casting class finally , the Frostalf.Not only does the scenery look amazingly better , but all the windows have gotten a makeover , that you can choose new themes for or even make-over yourself if you know how to.Another fun feature is , of course , the world of Atlantis itself ! It 's so entertaining to explore the new areas -LRB- which you do n't need to be highest level for by any means ! -RRB- and fight underwater creatures , new land creatures , and see all kinds of amazing new places.I would recommend this to any type of DAOC player ... RPer , RvRer , casual PvEer . . you 'll all find something you like !
 this is one of the best expanions yet . exspecially with the artifacts and master levels
 Trials of Atlantis expansion pack for Dark Age of Camelot is a full expansion with all new worlds to explore . The basic premise of the game expansion is to add lore from the lost world of Atlantis , to the already existing lore of Camelot , Norse and Celtic legends present in the current game.In addition to the new lands of Atlantis the game developers Mythic Entertainment , have revamped the game engine to bring a new level of beauty to the environment . The updated water reflections give realistic reflections of trees , clouds , sun and moon and even your character . The new tree models bring more variety and realism to the landscaping . Creative use of textures allows each expansion engine and video card to see varying levels of realism . The only negative with the new engine is that it is unproven in player versus player combat situations -LRB- called Realm vs Realm -RRB- . Each sucessive engine update tends to be more beautiful but be a bit harder on the player 's machines requiring upgraded video cards and memory . This one is no exception and you should verify your computer meets at least the minimum requirements.If you are a story driven MMORPG fan , you 'll find plenty to enjoy as you unravel the mystery of Atlantis . This expansion is unlike previous ones in that it is highly quest and story driven . The worlds are designed to be played from level 20 through level 50 and there is plenty to see . The bulk of the main areas are islands and at first glance are really beautiful but somewhat thin on monsters to fight till you remember that this expansion is about an underwater civilization.Submerging underwater leads to much of the new content in the closer in areas , and completely new fighting experiences for those of us who were weaned on land . Without getting a magic potion to assist in breathing you have about 30 seconds to look underwater . Various potions can be purchased with vendors , bounty point vendors and alchemists allowing you up to 30 minutes to explore without surfacing for air . There are atlantean equivilents of mermaids and mermen , sharks , rays and other sea creatures - some aggressive and some not . You can survive most underwater encounters as a single level 50 character and if younger bringing friends would be advisable.As mentioned before , the heart of this expansion though is for the storyline and quests . The goal is to complete 9 Master Levels and gain new abilities that can be used in battle . Mythic is very tight lipped about what the master levels are but will be releasing information on them just before the game ships . Even the beta testers got very little exposure to the master levels other than testing the encounters and partial quests so everyone gets an equal chance to discover for themselves what the rewards are . What I can tell you is that each master level is made up of a series of quests that require thought and strategy to complete . I was able to complete some of the quests and they were quite fun and challenging to figure out . The end encounters were even more difficult and require many players to group together into battlegroups and use strategy to solve each puzzle . Each battlegroup can contain up to 200 players in one team broken into groups of 8 -LRB- regular groups -RRB- . Some end encounters appear to take UP TO 13 full groups of 8 players . Experienced players should be able to make do with significantly less , but be prepared for new challenges in strategy . Zerg mentality approaches will fail and you must be creative to solve them.Speaking of rewards , the expansion adds a whole new type of armor and weapons to the game . These new armors obtained through quests are of the highest quality and add interesting new stats to your character . Your armor may contain + to your Caps , + to melee skills -LRB- as in ALL melee skills at once -RRB- , + to your fighting speed , and more . These + abilities are new and will cause many experienced players to rebalance their character to take advantage of the higher caps . It has been speculated that the master abilities will take advantage of these new higher caps allowing your level 50 character to be more powerful than before . Only time will tell.For more information on the game , visit the following official websites or your favorite player run site for DAoC.http : / / www.trialsofatlantis.com/http://www.camelotherald.com/See you in Atlantis ! - Toysmith of Bedevere
 If you are reading this then you are already on the right track . This game is by far one of the best I have played . I played SWG , FFXI , and L2 . And I keep coming back . No other game offers PvP like it . It does however get frustrating . Especially if you keep getting killed by the same person , but that just makes it so much better when you get revenge . The teamwork is great . Mythic has the world divided into 3 realms , all battling each other , so your `` realmmates '' have to help you so that you will become an assett to the team . Character custimization is great , giving you options of dying your clothes almost any shade of color , and now your weapons too . And Trials of Atlantis just opened another door , giving you the ability to fight under water , and offering a vast selection of new weapons and armors.If you dont like PvP , DAOC still has something to offer . You can always battle monsters , a huge selection with weaknesses and strengths all to their own . And plenty of dungeons and island and underwater worlds to explore.And if fighting isnt quite your thing , you can be a crafter and make weapons and armors , or dyes and magical gems for them.Point being , theres always something to be had from this game . So go ahead and join the action .
 Great graphics , artifacts and new armor . This is a great expansion if you have a level 40 plus character . It had some bugs on release but Mythic has fixed the bugs . I recommend this expansion if you enjoy DAOC .
 Got this for hubby and he has raked up many hours and just loves playing . thank you thak you thanks
 Personally I would give a 5 star for VII simply because I have n't played a better game in play station 1/2 history -LRB- in terms of overall quality ; if you talk about picture only , PS2 games usually outperform PS1 games due to the much improved hardware quality . -RRB- And a 4.5 star for final fantasy VIII for its decent plot and great music . A 4 star for final fantasy IX for its overall good quality - but not perfect . For the whole final fantasy series , I would say VII is the best for PS1 and X is the best for PS2 - of course , we are now expecting the new VII for PS2 ... and XII for PS3 ...
 This game is awesome ! But there are some issues with the controls . I recomend messing around with each one and see how each of them handles . The graphics are pretty good also , I have seen better on the DS though . The videos that come with the game -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- are also very good , but the music is kind of annoying . They are well worth watching though . The fact that this game has real guns , jerseys , real paintball fields and people , it is well worth the buy . If you are looking for a portable paintball game , this is it ! I am a paintball player , and there are some flaws with the physics of this game compared to real paintball , but who cares , its a game . Buy it !
 This game is pretty fun and the controls are not a problem if you have a DS lite because you can use you pinkie finger to fire . thegraphics are ok and the idea is great ! CANT WAIT FOR A SEQUAL !
 A nice game , my kids only complained about a little difficulty in playing the game in the initial steps -LRB- and they are very experient in games -RRB- . But the graphics and different situations presented in the game make it a good option .
 If survival is a measure of quality , then PZG 2 must stand with the greatest computer games ever made . It was a great example of `` brilliance in simplicity '' when it was released and time has not in any way diminished its laurels . In an age when even thinking-man 's games are often judged on bells and whistles rather than user-friendliness and enjoyability , it 's refreshing to have one at hand that combines the ease-of-play of an action shooter with all the mental challenges you 'd demand from a game of strategy.Simply described , PANZER GENERAL 2 is a tactical-strategic game set in WW 2 , which allows the player to choose either individual , one-and-done scenarios from various points between 1938 - 1945 or fight out whole , multi-scenario campaigns that took place during the war . -LRB- Individual units are at the regimental level , which allows the player to fight corps or army-size battles -RRB- . Gamers may select from any of the five campaigns : British
 this is old but good , works on XP too . I keep going back to it .
 Still a great turn-based strategy game for WWII buffs . Obviously , it focuses on the Euro theatre . Graphics are obviously a bit dated , but the gameplay is fantastic . Just today I 'm re-installing it for about the 4th or 5th time .
 Excellent had major withdrawls when I bought my new PC and had to drop it because it did not work with Windows Vista .
 This game was one of the first I ever played on a PC and I really enjoyed playing it . Due to changes in operating systems and video cards I was unable to play many old favorites until now . the tech support for the product was spot on , some early problems occured but the tech support was responsive and knowledgeable and was able to find a workable solution that allowed me to enjoy an old favorite . I would have no hesitation purchasing products from this vendor again .
 Lots of fun . I am not into shooting people but I love war games stuff . This game really makes it fun to play w/o lining someone up in my gun sights . Thats why they call it war games . It is interactive enough to make it a good simulation . The computer throws some sneaky stuff every so often just to keep you honest . Can play it for hours . You can customize it to fit what you want to do .
 Panzer General II is a simple and fun way to digest WWII European history without having to have it crammed down your throat by your highschool teacher or University professor . This game rocks and is an all-time favorite of mine .
 The AI is as good as Panzer General , and perhaps better . The problem I 've encountered is the need to go to main map and then back to the local battlefield . It is inconvenient . Still , a good game .
 Both `` IL2 Sturmovik '' and `` Pacific Fighters '' work fine on my laptop -LRB- Gateway , Core 2 with 2GB memory -RRB- , but `` Lock On '' refuses to display the screen correctly while attempting to play the game -LSB- intro , setup , and other screens work fine -RSB- ! I have n't pursued support , yet , so I do n't know the ultimate outcome of the problem.Yes , both IL2 and PF have a strong learning curve . But , as you become more proficient , the games become more enjoyable . I would n't expect to climb into a real fighter aircraft and become an ace on day one , why would anyone expect a realistic simulator to be any different ??? Graphics , controls and aircraft behavior are awesome . I 've quickly learned how to
 Lock On and IL2 are the best of modern and piston fighter simulators respectively . This collection provides great value with a low price .
 Fast and high quality products ... Raccomanded . . Shipping very fast ... I did not expect something so old it was still new ... in original packaging and in perfect condition , as if it just left the factory .
 I bought this set purely for Lock-On , because it is the easiest way to get a legal copy of Lock-On here in the states . IL-42 is an excellent game , but I already owned a copy , and I honestly have n't even played Pacific Fighters . But basing this set purely on Lock-On , it is still an excellent value .
 This game is great for young kids . My 6-year old loves this game -LRB- after I helped her get through it the first time . -RRB- The graphics are a little fake looking -LRB- I am surprised at Activision 's lack of finesse in this area -RRB- . However , I must say again the game is fun and at times challenging enough to want to play it multiple times .
 i have lots of barbie stuff , even games but I never liked the games very much until now . This one is really cool . you play Barby and you can talk to everyone and its really really funny . i like changing Barby 's clothes . Also you can play lots of little games like fixing the music . The story is really good and funny . I did n't know at first who was causing problems for Barbie 's band . her friends Tia and Courtney are really cool and Keviin is super cute . He helps Barbie film everything . Barby is pretty and super smart . She can be funny and silly too . She makes the mean girl -LRB- Raygun ? -RRB- look dumb at the end . This game made me think a lot and I learnt a lot . I played it 2 times and I will play it again .
 I 'm not the kind of mom who normally invites Barbie into her home . This time I did n't have a choice -- my daughter got this as a birthday present from a beloved aunt and we had to play . I must say , though , I did n't mind what I saw and I think I had almost as much fun playing as my 8 yr . old . Barbie is actually a reasonable high school girl who can be funny and goofy at times . She wears t-shirts and jeans and is as interested in schoolwork as in fashion . My one complaint is that the game is a little slow to take off , but once it gets going , the mystery is fun to solve.Good thing I was there because a couple of the puzzle games stumped my daughter at least initially , but she was grabbing the mouse back from my once I showed her the way . She loved the computer tracing one and the necklace one.I 'm a discriminating mom who believes strongly in providing good role models to her daughter . This Barbie passes the test . Now its time for my daughter to go outside and enoy the sun .
 My daughter just turned 8 and loves this game . In fact , I caught her sneaking on the computer after her bedtime to play it .
 I love this game . The mystery is easy to solve and it took me only a day to solve it , but everything is super fun . But as for the product features on the product page , they are pretty much all false . The high school only has about eleven rooms . And you do n't get to experience a food fight , a soccer game or gymnastics practice . But other than that , do get this game . It is extremly fun and i would give six stars if I could , so please get this game !!
 She loves this game ... Our whole family has played it . We can not wait for a sequel !
 This is a good game for young teens that are starting high school . It would be fun to play with an updated version with today 's graphics !
 This is an great simulation game . I use it in my Resorts Management class .
 This is one of the best game I use to play all the time . I been searching for it for some years now and I would love to play it again . This game and Pac Man was my favor games . Their no other games that can top these that I think as a older person that 's really not into games but these . LOL I hope I get the chance to play Ladybug again . This is one thing that would make me happy .
 I 've played Intellivision for about 40 years . Ladybug is perfectly playable . It 's far and away the Best Game to come from Coleco for the Intellivision system . The sound is 5 stars . The graphics are 4 stars and playability is 4 stars too .
 My son got on for Chrismas and he plays with it all the time and I can get him to put it down . The only way I get it from him is when he leaves it at my home or goes to bed
 I bought it for my granddaughter . She is very pleased with it , and spends many hours playing and enjoying it .
 I just got this in Hong Kong . This is a very nice console compared to the other GameBoys . The best improvement is the backlighting.However , while everyone raves about the new rechargeable battery , I wish they had left the option of using normal batteries . When I go on vacation to the U.S. I will not be able to use my GameBoy -LRB- different currents and plugs -RRB- . One of the pluses of handhelds is the ability to take them on trips and use them anywhere . So I feel that GameBoy has failed in planning for this.Does anyone know if the version sold in U.S. can be used in different countries ?
 I love this gameboy because it comes in assorted colors.I have two gameboys and they are so much fun to play than with the other gameboys .
 Hi . Sorry I accidentally said something completely false , `` It has a small headphone jack that requires an adaptor '' . I was actually thinking of my digital metronome for piano . . oops . I just hope nobody has bought an SP just because I said that there was a headphone jack .
 its so cool and fun i want to scream and its so fun knowing that ther is millions of games to play and every on is cool
 I bought this game for my 14yr . old son . he enjoys playing with his game in his free time . I am pleased with my purchase . now all my kids can enjoy the fun with their gameboys .
 Ever since I played my friends Gameboy , I wanted one . I saved up money to buy it . Then for my birthday I unrapped a present and it was a Gameboy ! I immideatly began playing it ! It was soooo cool . The graphics are crystal clear . Perfesct size . Plus it 's got really cool games you can buy . There are some games that you ca n't buy for Playststion , Xbox , or Gamecube . I love it . I definitly do n't regret putting it on my birthday wish list !!!!!!
 Product was received ahead of scheduled time , and was complete . For a used game it works perfectly and was as described . Very happy I trusted this seller and purchased this product at a reasonable rate . Thanks .
 The gameboy works , but it is pretty scrached up . The light on it is also a bit dim but not problamatic . There have been one ore two instances where it has opened the game correctly . But after months of using it , i have no real compaints .
 My grandson really liked this . It is very easy for him to use and the games are cool too . Thanks !
 First off , let me say this
 Gave this to my boyfriend as a christmas present and he LOVED it . I did play on it a little bit before wrapping it and it was just like the one I played when they were brand new . I and my boyfriend are completely happy with the Nintendo .
 Loved the product , price was a steal had to return nothing . Packing was great and price was too . will order more soon . Thanks
 it was a good price ... . it was as described by the merchant ... . it arrived on time ... ...
 The GBA SP is all about playing old-school style games we used to see on consoles like the Genesis and SNES . When the graphics were simpler the gameplay had to make up for it . And GBA has dozens and dozens of games out there , for cheap prices , that are brilliant.The SP is also much better than the standard GBA because the clamshell design prevents scratching if you 're carrying it around in your pocket and the screen is backlit for increased viewing clarity.With the Nintendo DS out there now the GBA SP is a bit redundant as you can play GBA games on the SP . But do n't worry , there are still loads of games getting made for it and the GBA can play all the old Gameboy and Gameboy Color games , which the DS cannot.The battery life is also quite long so you wo n't have to recharge it too often . It 's also probably the handheld console with the most amount of games out there . Definitely the one to get if you can not afford a DS .
 I got one of these for my birthday a year ago . It 's really cool ! I always bring it along on car trips , and I rarely am bored ! It 's much more compact than my sister 's Gameboy Advance , and the backlit screen is really handy if you 're playing in the dark . The screen folds down so it does n't get all scratched up , but the rest of the Gameboy is very easily scratched , so it would be a good idea to buy a carrying case to protect it . To me , the Nintendo DS is really clunky and confusing , with that plastic pen and the two screens taking up so much room that it makes it look pretty ridiculous . I like my Gameboy Advance SP better , but then that 's just me , and you are probably reading this and thinking I am crazy . Oh , well.Also I wanted to say something about the weird review that said something like , `` I am 6 years old and I got one for christmas . My dog ate it . He said it was yummy ! '' , but with much worse spelling . Actually , I thought it was kind of funny . But judging by the many people who `` did not find it helpful '' , this probably makes you think I am even more crazy . Heck with it.Sorry I kind of floated off the subject . Anyway , I really would reccommend this game system to you .
 I owned a Gameboy Advance SP for 5 years and have never experienced any problems with it . Very classic , but new at the same time . The only thing is that you have to have a game inserted , otherwise , it wo n't work . It even has a backlight , which I do n't know why Nintendo did n't do this with the earlier Gameboys , but , is very handy . Loved it !
 I am 14 years old , and while some people may think that is a little bit too old to still play Gameboy 's , It 's my guilty pleasure . Now , onto the product . Let me just say this is a fabulous improvement from our Game Boy Advance . Yes , the GBA was a great system . But come on , as we progress in this world ; Electronics will get bigger and better . I think one thing I am most satisfied about the SP is it 's great built in Light screen . Let 's face it , most people that are or have been playing GBA are going to complain about the same thing . They ca n't see what they are playing on the screen . Fortunatley , Nintendo has released us from our annoyance . The SP has a great built in light that 's is absolutley perfect for playing in the dark . I know I myself love to play into the early hours of the morning under my covers without having any lights on . What I also enjoy about this SP is the Charging ability . I admit , this will save me tons of money for AA batteries . All it takes is plugging in the charger and hooking it up to the Gameboy , and BOOM ! in 45 minutes your gameboyis fully charged for a good couple of hours of intense action play ! The last feature of this that I find unique and satisfying is the cover . You can open and close this Gameboy . Not much I can say about that , except it 's a great way to prevent scratching the screen and damaging it . Overall , EXCELLENT invention . GREAT JOB NINTENDO !
 I have had the Game Boy Advance SP for about a year now , we bought it for my 7 year old daughter . I was initially very concerned that this was going to be a waste of money having bought the previous Game Boy Advance and finding it very dissapointing.BUT this one has worked out great . The screen is excellent and works in all lights and from all angles which was a major problem with the last one , the battery lasts a long time and charges very fast when needed . And if you ca n't wait for the battery to charge you can play while it is charging . There is also a car charger available though we have n't used it much because the battery really does n't go dead that often.I bought the SP instead of the Video Now because there were not only video titles available but also because you can play games . I have found that there are a lot of games that are very good and in a lot of ways better than the Game Cube because they still have that old Nintendo charm which is missing from a lot of the high tech new games . There are n't many video titles available yet but the numbers are increasing all the time and we have found ones the kids really like.Lastly , the controlls are easy and intuitive and it seems quite sturdy . Ours has been dropped and thrown -LRB- by our 2 year old -RRB- and it barely has a scratch . If you are concerned about the flip portion getting damaged easily , we have had no problems with that either.All in all I would say this is a very good product and is worth the money .
 I got one of these for my birthday a year ago . It 's really cool ! I always take it along on car trips , and I am rarely bored ! It 's much more compact than the Gameboy Advance , and the backlit screen is really handy if you 're playing in the dark . The screen folds down so it does n't get all scratched up , but the rest of the Gameboy is very easily scratched , so it would be a good idea to buy a carrying case to protect it . Also , there is a small headphone jack that requires an adaptor in order to use headphones . However , these are my only complaints and they are small ones.To me , the Nintendo DS is clunky and kind of confusing . The plastic pen and the two screens make it look bizzare and pretty ridiculous . I would buy a Gameboy Advance SP instead , but that 's just me , and you probably are reding this and thinking I am crazy . Oh , well.Also , I wanted to say something about the weird review that read something like this , `` eye got wen for chris mas . mye dog at it . he sed it wes yummy ! '' I actually thought that was really funny , but , judging by the many people who did not `` find it helpful '' , that probably just makes you think that I am even more crazy than you thought . Heck with it.Sorry I kind of floated off the subject . Anyway , I would very highly reccommend this superior game system .
 The GBA SP is so awesome ! I saved up my allowance for it and it was worth it . Unlike the regular GBA , it is compact and will fit in your pocket . The rechargable battery can last about 18 hours with the built in light off , and about 10 hours with the light on . The SP comes with an extraordinarily small charger that will easily plug into one of the Gameboy 's ports and takes 3-4 hours to charge . The lighted screen is very handy in the dark . If you have had the regular GBA before , that feature will probably be the handiest to you . The regular GBA 's screen can get scratches easily , but since the SP 's screen closes , it is well protected . Oh , and be careful not to drop it , especially when it is open . Overall , I think this is the best Gameboy system Nintendo has ever made . One more thing , the Nintendo DS can wait on my opinion . It can play only its games and GBA ones . If you have a pokemon game , you wo n't be able to link up . The DS does n't have a link port and only has a built in wireless system which is not compatible with today 's pokemon games .
 Please Do not listen to other people that say that the ds will replace the gameboy advanced sp because the ds does not have a port on the back of it to plug in the link cable so that means you can not play multiplayer with other sp 's . Anyway the sp is a very good machine it has a built in light witch is great for long car rides in the dark and the sp has a rechargable batery so you dont have to constantly go to the store and buy batteries for it .
 Originally my daughter had the older version of the gameboy advance which the screen was dark and hard to see and you had to buy all the gadgets to go with it in order to see the screen . I got fed up and bought her the newer version of the gameboy advance . The screen is so much clearer , brighter and just easier to see . She does n't have to hang over the side of the couch under the light to see the screen anymore . She 's loves it !
 The GameBoy Advance sp is the best ninendo handheld ever . Ive had a nintendo DS before and I hated it . It was the same exact thing as the SP and the gamechips for it are so small youll lose it if you dont leave iits case . And also had the newest gameboy the Gameboy micro . Its way to small im eleven and its like a toy car in my hands . Even though its ten dollars more at 89.99 . I highly recommend to the SP its only 79.99 for a new one and 59.99 for a used one at your local ebgames . I traded in my micro or the sp now I know I made the right desicion .
 I bought this Gameboy for my 5 year old son as a reward for doing good things and his homework . Caution
 This is a really great handheld Nintendo game system . There is a light in the game system ... so the games light up . Love it .
 This was great ! My son lost his first one , so we found a great deal on Amazon ! t was perfect !
 I got this for my birthday and it is the best thing ever i use it every night and day i sometimes use it when i have to go to bed . when i cant get to sleep easy i play my game boy advance .
 Hi ! I am 11 years old and thins this new gameboy is the best . I own a clasic colored Game boy Sp . I got it for my birthday . It is very fun . I sit for hours playing it .
 I actually ordered this for my son . I found that all of my old Original Gameboy games worked on it . Im now looking at games to buy for myself like the Zelda series . This is a fun item and easy to carry around .
 The famous gameboy SP really is one of the best gaming consoles . In my opinion.-Pros
 I bought this instead of a NDS and its AWESOME ! I Bought it because the games are cheaper than the DS I prefer it over the DS . Here are some good games you can buy007 NightFireStar Wars 3 Revenge of The SithMetal Slug AdvanceSplinter Cell 2NamcoMuseumi hope this review was helpful thanks !
 I bought this instead of a NDS and its AWESOME ! I Bought it because the games are cheaper than the DS I prefer it over the DS . Here are some good games you can buy007 NightFireStar Wars 3 Revenge of The SithMetal Slug AdvanceSplinter Cell 2NamcoMuseumi hope this review was helpful thanks !
 Nintendo Gameboy Advance SP , Cobalt BlueMy son bought it used from this seller as a gift for Dad -LRB- few months or so ago -RRB- . Exactly as described , good condition , works very well , good price , & prompt shipping . Recommend this seller .
 The Gameboy Advanced SP was shipped on time and it works . So Christmas was n't spoiled . Thanks .
 This was a last minute xmas gift for my youngest daughter . It was shipped quickly and safely . Item works great and has no damage . Thank you ! I would gladly do business with them again : -RRB-
 I found this for my daughter not that we dont have the new hand helds but she has a love for quirky older models . She has had a blast with this little gadget . It was one of the easier birthday request she has had .
 This GB is much better than the GBA but it still has some things wrong with it . When i got this when it first came out i thought it would be much different but i was wrong . My friend had one just before i did and i thought it was awsome because it fliped up and u could adjust it to where u want it , and the screen is much brighter so u dont have to use a light anymore . It even gives u a choice of how bright u want it by just pushing a button . I thought it was a complete different GB but it is just a fancier one . It still plays the same games that the GBA did . But it was worth it . It is just like the ds lite and the dsi , one step up from the GBA .
 This really cheered up my daughter . The DS is kind of the same to this I guess . Although , it does have a good design . So , I gave it 4 stars !
 I 've had the old fat gameboy , gameboy , gameboy color , and gameboy advanced sp . Out of all of those , SP is by far the best gameboy ever.Pros : Lighted ScreenVery compact -LRB- your screen wo n't damage because it shuts -RRB- Easy to use buttonsLarge screenCons : No duel screens or touch screens like DS -LRB- ... but who needs that ? -RRB-
 When I first saw this I thought it was kind of dumb I did n't really care about the rechargeable battery or how you could fold it in half or even the back-lighting . I had a worm light so that did n't bother me too much . Well then my friend got one and I noticed how increasingly jealous I was getting . The back lighting feature is light years better than the wormlight , it 's much easier to see the game and you dont have to worry about the glare that worm light would always give you . It also gives the games a brighter and more vibrant color . The folding is nice because I can put it in my pocket during school , and whenever a teacher walks by I can fold it back together and put it back into my pocket without worrying about the moniter betting scratched or chipped . A big improvement over the original GBA and I like this much more over the Nintendo DS . Buy this for sure !
 this is 1 of the best thing nintendo has ever came out wit !! i have this same sp and is really cool oh yeah also any one who says the sp is better than the ds well they are retarted the sp is cool but the ds is better i love the nintendo dogs game and it is good for all ages
 It was purchased as a gift for my daughter , seems that she likes it and satisfied with what she got . I personally like the design and the size for kids to carry and play . It shoud include at least one of the game disks initially . A little dispointing point .
 i just got this for christmas yesterday and i loved it.this color is great and shiny.i also got 4 games for it too ! i played with it all day long.i plan to play with it all winter long
 This game was purchased to replace one my son lost during an outing this summer . He was crushed that no one turned it in after he left it in the shopping cart . He was totally thrilled to get a replacement ! The game arrived quickly and was in good shape . I would purchase from this seller again .
 works great , looks great , shipped quickly , I definitely ca n't complain ! It is exactly what I was looking for , thanks ! - David
 This is a really nice system ! It came in decent condition with the screen in good shape , but the exterior all scratched up . it works well overall .
 -LRB- This is her son -RRB- I got my GBA SP about 6 years ago . It still works like new ! The screen is a good size in my opinion for how well it fits in your pocket . So some pros are
 Game Boy was purchased from Jeremiah 's Video Games thru Amazon . Item was in very good condition and have had no issues at all after 1 month . My son enjoys his Game Boy greatly .
 This hand game is perfect . . I have a 6yr who is very ruff and careless when it comes to games . I wanted to get him something that was not to big or expensive . I found this hand game and he loves it plays with it all the time love the 3games that came with it . I couldnt have picked a better hand game for my baby . Thanks he charishes this , even though its used it looks like it just came out the box brand new
 I love this gameboy advance system . The back light is amazing and and the graphics look much better than the original GBA . I got it for Christmas and I started charging it at about 9:30 and it finished charging at about 11:45 . I was amazed at how the graphics looked compared to my much more bulky and scratched GBA . Also I already had a few games so now my brother -LRB- who now uses my original GBA -RRB- and I can share our games . My only complaint would be how tiny the L and R buttons are . If you are looking for something that will blow you away , this is the thing to buy .
 My `` older '' son 's have the original GBA units and the ability to turn up the screen brightness of these units is outstanding . It is night and day playing games on this unit and the old ones . We purchased this for our 6 year old son and the unit is the perfect size for his little hands .
 This is the best handheld game system that i 've used . i also have a gameboy color , and the sp is a major improvement over that . I think that it 's the best handheld game system out there currently .
 This is what I thing about those two gameboys.Gameboy Advance1 . Lighting . C - . It has horrible lighting and the separate lights are no help .2 . Games . A - . really fun -LRB- classic -RRB- games like mario and pacman3 . Graphics . A. pretty good graphics , not the best4 . Durablility . B . It you drop it , good luck getting it fixed5 . Portibility . B - . Bulky and takes up your whole hand when you play it.Quote - It 's okay . Overall I give it a Bokay we have heard from the gba know lets see the GBASP1 . Lighting . A + . Abosulutly perfect backlight ! 2 . Games . A - . They are the same games as the Gba3 . Graphics . A. Pretty good .4 . Duribility . A . If you drop it , it will scratch5 . Portibility . A + clamshell disign is perfectThankyou for reading this review.Ps . The GBASp rocks out loud !
 When the Gameboy Advance SP came out I was n't too excited about its new flip cover , my # 1 worry was that it would wear down and would n't work . Now that I have purchased it I think it is one of the coolest items by Nintendo released yet . The best part is the built in light which lights up the screen without glaring . A must buy !
 I have a Game Boy Advance SP and I think if you 're wanting to buy a new Game Boy I 'd reccomend checking out one.The sidelit screen is awsome.The clamshell design is great for protecting the screen and buttons from getting scratched.The rechargable battery and AC adapter are cool.The only thing I do n't really like about it is it does n't have a standard headphone jack but some toy stores -LRB- like Toys `` R '' Us -RRB- sell headphone adapters and besides , there 's already a stereo speaker.The reason I rated its educational value 1 star because I am not sure of it.One thing , if you have one I would n't play a game while charging your SP if I were you , because it messes up the screen.Please take my advice and buy the SP .
 I do n't know where to begin . I have so much good things to say about the Game Boy Advance SP ! I will start out from here ... A very large varity of games to choose from . There is subjects like adventure games for EVERYBODY!Plays all Game Boy games . Even Game Boy Color games ! So you do not have to buy seprate games.Has rechargeable batterys . In the package , it comes with a AC adapter . You plug it in and charge your SP for 3 hours and it will run for 18 hours -LRB- without light . -RRB- Remember the old Game Boy Advance ? It had a dark screen . With the SP , you can play with a bright and light screen ! Or , to save battery juice , you can play without the light!Portable - like a minature lap top . Fits in the palm of your hand . Though , it has a big screen!Has a varity of colors.The only things that I do n't is that it does n't really have a loud volume and the right and left buttons are small.Overall , I would recomend these to kids 7-14 . There is a few `` T '' games out there , I saw a few . I would advise you to buy this .
 The GBA SP has to be the best in the line of Nintendo Game Boys ! First off , the DS -LRB- which I tried in a store , -RRB- was really hard to figure out with the 2 screens . 32-Bit graphics are great , even though none of the games are 3-D . There is no headphone jack , but when turned to full volume , the sound makes up for it . The lighted screen makes it really good for when you play in the dark . The only thing I dont like is if you 're on a really long car trip , and I usually have the liht on , if the rechargebal battey runs out , there is no where to plug the adapter in . Aside from that , it is a really great system . Also , about that review `` I got an SP for Christmas and my dog ate it and he told me it was yummy '' that doesnt make sense . He told me it was yummy ? Kids have their wild imaginations i guess .
 A Gameboy is a good present for anyone from 1-100 . You are not too young to own one . We have a time limit on our Gameboys and so on , 45 minutes a day in the summer and spring and 1 hour a day in the fall and winter . Ask your mom if you could buy one if you promise to play for only 1 hour -LSB- or whatever she thinks is appropriate -RSB- a day . It worked with my parents!I hope that what I 've said is helpful to you .
 Gameboys are super durable and have gone through hours upon hours of play time . They 've lived through a lot of drops to hard floors and other bang ups . We 've had one that was damaged beyond repair when stepped on by an adult , but otherwise our kids have never ruined one . In all these years , only one has just plain quit . So between that one , the stepped on one and the three we now have , we 've never had to buy another.One was even `` used '' when we bought it and despite how badly it looks on the outside , it 's still going strong . That same one has also been washed in the washing machine and live . Not that you would want this to be washed , I would suggest letting it dry out for a few days before turning it on , should it ever drown like ours .
 well i got this for christmas and i use it alot.but everyday my little 4 year old brother asks me if he can play it.sometimes i let him and it keeps him quite for about an hour.butthe reason i dont like to let him play it alot is cuz im afraid he ` ll break itthe stuff he got for christmas were cool stuff to do outside like he got a motorcycle , little basketball court , and stuff like that so he needs to find stuff to do inside when its raining.i think im gon na buy him 1 .
 My grandaughter has lost the charger for the cobalt Game Boy Advance SP . Please forward to the above email adress how I may obtain one and the cost of same.She loves to play wqith the game veery much and I recommend it to any parent -LRB- for the child -RRB- . Thank youPink Gorman
 LUV MI GB IT CYOOT ! LUV IT ! SMAL AN KONVENYENT SOOOOO SLIK ! LUVLI AN BYOOTIPHOOL ! CYOOT AN FLUFFY -LSB- K MAYBEE NT SOO MUTCH THT -RSB- BUT VERY SWEET AND SMELLY AND CUTE AND POOFY AND CONTUMACIOUS AND UTTERLY WONDERFUL AND CONTEMPORARY AND INTERESTING AND WARM AND FUZZY AND INVITING AND SPACIOUS !
 Ingenioso ! Works great ! Now I can trade my pokemon on my five game boy advances ! I love the sensation when i turn it on and its just thrilling , exciting , and revolutionary !
 This is a great provider of games and game systems . Great service , and arrived in under three days . It works great . It was also a gift . Was told that it was the best gift the young lady got.Thank You for the wonderful gift.Thank You for the awesome service .
 The Game Boy Advance is still plenty of fun even though new systems have come out since . It is a cost effective way to play some of the old school Mario games without dropping a couple hundred bucks .
 Thanks for getting it here so fast ! It is in great shape ! Enjoyed doing business with you ! Look forward to doing business in the future !
 Gameboy is Gameboy . Perfect little starter -LRB- portable -RRB- game system . Since this is the older version , the games are much cheaper than PS3 or Wii and our kids love them . Item was as expected ... very fast delivery . Would definitely buy from this seller again .
 The gameboy advance arrived exactly as described and working as promised . It was delivered quickly . The gameboy was wrapped in bubble wrap , and it was a good thing , as the post office had ripped the outter packaging . The produce was not damaged at all .
 This is an excellent starter videogame for smaller kids . The battery lasts forever , the games are much cheaper than their `` newer '' cousins -LRB- DS , DSi , etc -RRB- and on top of that , the device is pretty much indestructible . You can save a load of money with one of these . Later on , peer pressure will kick in and your kids will want something newer , but until they do , they 'll love their Gameboys .
 the gameboy sp is a great system but i wouldnt pay no 250.00 dollars for one when u can just go get a nintendo dsi xl or a wii for that amout just to let you ppl know : -RRB-
 i purchased a gameboy advanced sp from international media outlet it had a bad scratch on the screen they had no idea how bad it was so they cut me a great deal on it and know i am very happy
 My son and daughter have had there gameboys ... forever ... the things are extremely durable . They always work no matterwhat they do to them . Well except for one instance where a little one washed it ... it gotplugged in to the charger before it was dry and the charger port refuses to work now . I believe that is a simple fix . It does still work however if you charge the battery elsewhere.Anyway , short of washing the thing , they stand up to drops and kicks , and even being thrown across the room.I would not recommend that , but just saying , it still works ! Compared with the newer release of the ds ... I 've had it for about 6 months and it has problem after problem . True it is a more advanced device and more sensitive , with the touch screen and all , but not good for smaller children who tend to drop things ... so overall great item , very satisfied !
 GBA SP is a HUGE improvement over the original GBA . First of all , the back lit screen is revolutionary . It 's a must have for all handhelds . I mean how did we go through 13 years of no light . Also there is a built in battery that is rechargable which is nice . You get about 8 hrs with the light and 10 hrs with no light I think . It flips opens for easy storage and the screen does n't scratched as much . It 's very portable and very small . Everything is fantasic about it . Except there is only one flaw . No headphone jack . Many gamers have complained about that . I do n't mind it . It doesnt matter to me . Go buy this if you want a very revolutionized handeld . Must Have !
 This is a pretty good toy . It has excellent graphics for a handheld game . Plus you can charge the battery so you do n't have to waste a ton of money . It also has a built in light so you can play in the dark ! My advice is to buy this game . It is veruy fun !
 Dont listen to those reviews that say this is crappy ! Get the dang thing it is much better than all of the other crap i have . I have a colbalt colored one and it RULES !! It had a light up screen for playing in the dark at night -LRB- when you 're supposed to be sleeping -RRB- or in the day time you can turn the light off.This thing is portable too !! Just get one ! you wont be sorry !
 I read the spotlight reviews and noticed one thing
 Okay , first of all , I do n't actually own a gameboy advance sp , but my friend does and she comes over almost every weekend . We spend half the time playing Donkey Kong Country on it -LRB- Great game ! -RRB- It 's on the top of my Christmas list ! I 'm writing this because I recently read a review saying `` No point in spending $ 80 on the gameboy advance SP . Get the Nintendo DS in one month . '' Reading that , I decided to look it up on Google since I never heard of it . Turns out it was $ 150 dollars , which is almost DOUBLE the price of the SP ! Also , there is 2 screens instead of 1 -LRB- about two inches apart -RRB- and when you play a game it is n't on 1 screen , but both screens so the picture is split in two halves ! They claim `` you 'll get used to it '' but even if you do , it must be a real pain switching your eyes back and forth from screen to screen . By the way , the DS is out NOW it 's just that the review I was just talking about was written 2 months ago . The touch screen is odd , what happens if you lose the touch pen ? The only thing tiny enough to work other than the pen is a toothpick ! Double the price , annoying screen , inconvenient touch pen , I think i 'm sticking with the Gameboy Advance SP .
 I travel a lot and bought this game to help pass the time on planes and and the airport . Game plays great , have never had a problem , recharging battery is absolutely great . Well worth the price .
 I am 13 years old and think the gameboy SP is good for everyone because there is such a variety of games to buy . The light up screen is awesome , i always use it unless i am in broad daylight . I love not having batteries for it the charger is awesome . So many games ! I have had my SP for a year and i still do n't have any scratches because of the fold up screen ! I love mine so if u are debating whether to buy one , buy it ! dont go with the DS , i do n't think it it worth the money .
 We bought this for my son because he has a hard time focusing on anything for more then a minute and has a high stress level going into new places . So for his birthday we bought this . And it has been the best thing we have bought for him so far . It is with him everyday and night . Very sturdy and long battery life . The only thing I suggest is that it works with gameboy color games but the graphics do n't match up to the Advance games so know that before you purchase games .
 A great system better than GBA . But you should only get a SP if you need to play game boy or game boy color games . If not get a DS , DS LITE , DSi , DSiXL , or a 3DS .
 I think the Gameboy Advance SP is really great ! My son who is now 19 kept his in great shape and all his games and now my 6 year old daughter is using them and loves it . It is great quality , holds up to my daughter dropping it and the games are just as sturdy . It keeps kids busy in the car , airplane and anywhere you need them to calm down a little . I recommend this item to everyone , you will not be disappointed !
 This is sooooooooooooooooo much fun I could die . No really . IT IS FUN any WHERE from 1 to 100 . sOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN . iT HAS GREAT GRAPHICS AND HAS MANY GREAT GAMES AND YOU CAN WATCH SHOWS .
 _ - * + * - _ GbA _ - * + * - _ by
 In this review , I will compare 3 hand held videogames . Those 3 are the Gameboy Advance Sp , the Nintendo DS , and the Sony PSP . You may disagree with but the worst system out of these 3 is the Nintendo DS . The DS may have a touch screen but that is just a gimik to get you to buy it . And the DS has games that are for 5 year olds which means THE DS SUCKS ! Now let 's take a look at the GBA SP . There are really cool games on this ! It has a nice flip screen and it comes in different colors . The DS only comes in 2 colors . The GBA SP has cool games on it like : Star WarsHarry PotterSpider-manTony HawkSonicThe DS has a bunch of 5 year old , so if you have a DS and you are 11 years old , you would probably get bored . Now let 's get to the Sony PSP . This is the best out of the 3 . The PSP gives you PS2 graphics . Those are the best graphics ever seen on a hand held . It does n't have too many 5 year old games like the stinkin DS . The only 5 year old game I think it has is Lumnies . The PSP has great games like : NBAWipeout PureATVSpider-manTwisted MedalApe EscapeAnd coming soon for this hand held is Harry Potter and Star Wars -LSB- Hopefully ! -RSB- . Let 's talk about the UMD videos for the PSP . I know they did n't make G rated movies for this . They did make some PG rated movies . The best movies that they made for the PSP are the movies that are PG-13 . The best PG-13 movie they made for this is Spider-man 2 . You ca n't play movies on the DS . GBA video may not be as good as movies but at least it has great shows on it . In conclusion
 THE SP IS DEFINETLY A STEP IN HANDHELD TECHNOLOGY.IM MEAN U ALREADY KNOW ABOUT ALL THE BASICS ABOUT THE LIGHTED SCREEN GRAPHICS , AND BAKWARDS COMPATABILITY , ETC.BUT WHAT AMUSED ME THE MOST WAS THE STYLE!I ABSOLUTLY LOVED THE FLIP PHONES WHEN THEY CAME OUT AND WHEN GAMEBOY CREATES A FLIP UP HANDEHELD!THAT JUST BLEW ME AWAY !!! THIS DEVICE FITS IN URE POCKET PERFECTLY.HOWEVER SINCE THE SP IS SO STYLISH THAT MOST KIDS MY AGE WOULD HATE TO GET THE TINIEST SCRATCH ON THE COVER.IM SURE THAT WITH ALL THIS TECHNOLOGY NINTENDO CAN FIND SOMETHING TO EASILY WIPE OF SCRATCHES.IF URE THINKING ABOUT GETTING THE GAMBOY ADVANCE SP I DONT KNOW WHAT COLOR TO GET.DO NOT GET THE PLATNIUM.THIS SCRATCHES LIKE CRAZY !! BLACK BLUE RED ARE THE BEST COLORS 2 GET THEY WONT SCRATCH AS EAZY.I GOT THE BLUE 1 AND U CAN NOT SEE SCRATCHES AS MUCH AS THE PLANTIUM.MY FRIEND HAS THE PLATNIUM AND ITS SO SCRATCHED UP THAT IT MAKES PLAYING IT LESS FUN.SOI HOPE THIS IS HELPFULL FOR PEOPLE THAT ARE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WICH COLOR TO GET!IM OUTY !!
 I am 6 years old . My friend has a Game Boy SP aand she is 8 years old . am i not old enough to get one for christmas . she has alot of fun with her game boy sp . My mom thinks i am two young .
 there is a headphone jack that connexts to the charger input u can not charge while listening to headphone jack.dont listen to stupid people that say stuff without studying there complaint.anyways the sp is great.my bedtime is at 9:30 and most kids my age fall aslepp around 12:30 ! so i just play my game till i fall asleep . -LSB- ... -RSB- IT KILLZ TIME.i usually dont play it in the car becuz i get carsick .
 When i first bought my classic controller it was difficult to use because it felt as if it was moving around on me while i was playing . It was also difficult to keep track of the wii remote at the same time . This product has given me so much more control over my gaming experience and i am not messing up my gameplay by going the wrong direction with the analog sticks . It is much better to play virtual console games with than using a gamecube controller , and now that i can hold the classic controller in place it has brought even more opportunities to the gameplay experience . I would highly recomend getting this for anyone that has a classic controller , but if you do choose to get one , get it at a local gaming store . I only paid 2 dollars for mine .
 this is such a great product ! i always wanted to play games with the classic controller but i never could for very long because my hands would get sore , but this extension makes it so much better ! this controller is now my favorite and i use it for anything i can .
 The Wii Remote itself is known to be generous with cramps , and the classic controller 's cord can be very haphazardous . In response Nyko has made a wonderful little product that makes your play time much more comfortable . The product allows for the remote to be placed under the classic , and is held firmly if installed the correct way . I did have some trouble installing the remote ; but once it was done , its a simple matter of sliding and connecting . I would quickly recommend this product . I promise you , it will not let you down .
 one of the best wii accesories that I have bought , it 's easy to install , excelent materials .
 Well-designed , this fits the classic controller perfectly . Amazon 's price of $ 5 ca n't be beat for such a simple and useful accessory ! Everything clips together nicely using Ninendo 's attachment points and it goes on and comes off easily .
 I love this little piece of plastic , but for a completely different reason.The other reviews for this cover the technical aspects of it and how it works so I wo n't get into that . I just have to say , if it were n't for that controller grip , when I got my puppy and he was teething I probably would have lost my classic controller . Instead he chewed on the grip , did minimal damage and left the classic controller and cord untouched . Now after cutting and shaving down a few of the pointy plastic edges that were pulled up by the chew , the controller grip still works and feels great . : -RRB-
 This is a great little piece of plastic that helps keep everything in order . It is easier on my hands when I play the older games and it makes the games more fun . I definitely recommend buying if you play a lot of older games from the Wii shop channel .
 If you have a classic controller you will probably want to get this makes it alot better to hold , and it 's handy having your wii remote right at hand .
 A nice idea , however I wish I had noticed that you can not use this on a Wii controller in a silicon sleeve . When attached to a `` naked '' controller , this works great , as advertised .
 I found the Wii classic remotes way to small for me . With this attachment it feels more like a X box controller . And my thumbs are not cramping up to hit the buttons . Not sure why nentendo designed the classic the way they did . I think even SNES controllers were bigger . These can be very hard to find . And Im not sure if they 've stoped producing them . Strongly recommend them if you have a classic controller .
 After I picked up aWii Classic Controller , I noticed this item here . Once I 'd played on the classic controller for a short while , I realized how much better this grip would make game play , and it has lived up to every hope and expectation I had for it . This grip makes using the Classic Controller MUCH more comfortable , and easier on the hands , which makes my accuracy in the games I use it with even better!The cord keeper keeps the cord exactly where you want it to be - out of your way ! The grip is PERFECTLY designed for use with the controller , down to the release button on the front of the Wii Classic Controller -LRB- between the ZR and ZL buttons -RRB- that pops the cord keeper out of the bottom . The plastic hooks on the cord keeper align the cord in a way that prevents an inordinate amount of stress on the cord base , as well as leaving enough space to hook the other end of the cord and keep it out of the way for connecting the controller to the Wii-mote . The cord keeper 's base also pops directly onto the Wii-mote , but if you 've still got the jacket over your Wii-mote , as I do , you 'll have to pull down the lower half of it to snap the cord keeper base in place . I just pull the jacket back over the top of the cord keeper 's base when it 's attached , and it fits almost perfectly.Overall , this is the best five bucks I 've spent on an accessory for my Wii , and it completely does away with the one thing that annoys me about the classic controller - trying to figure out where the heck to put the Wii-mote when I 'm using it , and dealing with the annoyance of having a cord in my way . GREAT accessory for a Wii accessory !
 It 's cheap and makes the controller less awkward and more comfortable to use . Personally , I did n't quite like how it felt with the wiimote stored in the center -LRB- not quite as much room to grip the classic controller -RRB- , but I really do n't mind having the wiimote on my lap . Overall , well worth the $ 5 .
 This product is worth it for the grip alone ! The way the grip works is that there 's two parts -- the grip itself , which makes the Classic Controller -LRB- CC from here on -RRB- MUCH more comfortable to use , and the plastic cradle that attaches to the CC that holds the Wii remote in place.The fact that these two parts are separate is very important if you have long fingers ; the cradle that sits behind the CC can cramp up your fingers behind the controller after some time . For this reason I choose to keep the Wii remote separate from the CC , and just attach the grip by itself.The grip + CC combo is how Nintendo should 've made it from the start !
 The grip for the classic controller improves it ten-fold . The attachment that holds the controller to the back of it is easily forgettable , -LRB- I threw mine away -RRB- but the white grip alone is easily worth your five dollars .
 I only have to say that this grip makes super smash brothers 200 % BETTER !!!!! ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 Just what i needed ! Works well and was easy to setup . Great price too ! Just took a while to ship .
 When the Wii originally released , I picked up two classic controllers for virtual console games and downloadable titles . At the time , of course , it was the only option available and I was n't real crazy about the feel of the controller or that the Wii remote hung off of it . I found this thing at a Circuit City going-out-of-business sale , thought `` why the hell not ? '' , and bought two . Now , I picked these up for only a few dollars each , and I think that 's about what they 're worth - I definitely would n't pay more than $ 10 for one . The being said , for the price I paid , this thing was totally worth it . It was much more affordable than buying a whole new controller and solved all of my comfort problems . For one , my larger hands had nothing to hold on to with the original controller . The addition of the `` arms '' that rest in your palms is perfect . They 're not to big , but they make a world of difference . It also adds a tiny bit of width to the controller , which is much appreciated because I found the controller by itself to be too thin . Second , it comes with an additional dock for the Wii remote that clips into the back of the controller -LRB- there are actually two slots built into the back of the classic controller that Nintendo never utilized but that Nyko has put to good use -RRB- . You can wrap the cord around this , slide in the remote , and then it 's out of your way ! This also adds a nice bit of heft to the overall feel of the controller and leaves the D-pad , A , and B buttons exposed on the remote for easy use . If you 're worried that the wii remote in the middle of the controller will make for an awkward grip , do n't be . It 's no different in feel than an 360 or Gamecube controller with the battery pack in the same place.Overall , I 'd recommend this if you already own a classic controller and do n't want to shell out the money for the new plus version or an equivalent , and can find it at an affordable price . After all , it 's only a piece of plastic and if the feel of the classic controller is irritating you , I 'd recommend finding a wireless replacement if you ca n't find one of these for $ 10 or less .
 I never had a problem using the classic controller until I used my friend 's controller pro . Then I realized the regular controller does n't have wings and does n't feel right . I looked online and found this . The price was worth it and the wings make the controller much easier to hold . The fact that I can connect the wii remote to the controller is another plus although it does make it much heavier . Very worth the money .
 Beautifully simple concept . Makes the classic controller/wiimote into one unit . I use it for wii virtual console games and wiiware .
 I LOVE THIS HANDLE , HOWEVER , SOMEONE ELSE HAD PROBLEMS CONNECTING IT TO THE WII MOTE . THERE IS A BUTTON ON THE TOP OF THE CLASSIC CONTROLLER THAT LOCK THEM TOGETHER , FOUND THIS JUST FUMBLING AROUND WITH THE THING .
 This is exactly what I have been waiting for . Nyko has hit this one out of the park ! Now my hands do n't cramp up when using my classic controller . It really does an amazing job of making it easier and more comfortable to hold and the best part is that the Wii wand stores directly under the grip . It holds it perfectly so there 's no lose cord at all and nothing jiggles around . The classic controller grip does its job perfectly .
 It may look a little odd , but when I first got my Wii , I had hoped for something just like this . I figured it was only a matter of time , and it was n't long until I found this.If you like the CC or you play a lot of VC games , you really ca n't go wrong with this . It makes holding the CC must easier and more comfortable , and the Wiimote flying off your lap if you stand up or move is a thing of the past.Seriously , for the price Amazon is asking , what do you have to lose ? As another reviewer said , it 's brilliant . I can only assume that Nintendo was thinking this exact thing when they made the clip on the back of the CC to begin with .
 That is the question . I am a big guy , 6 and half feet tall . When I held the classic controller my thumbs would start to get sore , and cramp . I am addicted to F Zero 64 on the VC so I had to do something to ease my pain . With the controller grip it is easier for me to use the Classic Controller . My hands do n't have to ride right on the buttons becuase of the grips , so my thumbs are better . The Wiimote holder is kinda cool making it completely wireless . I use it all the time , but lately I find myself wanting to take the thing apart and just set the wiimote next to me while I use the grips only . You see , with the wiimote attached to the bottom , and the cable wrapped around it , my other fingers are bunched behind the controller . Not really a bitch , but kinda awkward . Overall , I felt this was a good purchase . Look out for the shipping though , this thing had to come from Japan . Amazon said a week at check out . Took more than two , I do n't really care though , not one of those things I was in a hurry to get you know ...
 This product is pretty handy if you like to use the classic controller . You can leave the controller in the grip , with the cord wrapped up -LRB- so it stays neat -RRB- , and just connect the wii remote whenever you want to use it . And for $ 5 you ca n't beat it !
 This is one of the best Wii accessories I have purchased . It changes the contour of the Classic Controller and makes it much more comfortable to hold . Also , I like how you do n't have to have the Wii Remote attached to the controller grip if you choose not to . I prefer to leave the cord clamp and Wiimote off , and just set the Wiimote on the couch arm next to me . This makes the controller grip feel more like an extension of the Classic Controller and less like an added accessory .
 I would n't mark this among the most essential pieces of hardware for the Wii , but it is highly convenient . I bought this at a discount price with other Wii gear , and it was well worth it . The best thing is that the entire grip with Classic controller attached can be slid off of the Wiimote in a second , so switching is easy .
 Anyone who has a classic controller knows that the analog sticks are quite rubbish . They offer little resistance , and if you have hands larger than that of a 5 year old , are too close together . One of the main reasons this is annoying is because the controller is literally a handfull if being used for anything but SNES games . But these handles fix that problem . They give the controller a full body and allow for more comfortable use of the sticks and much MUCH easier access to the ZL/ZR buttons all the way at the top of the Classic Controller . If you enjoy the feel of a PS2 controller or a Sega Genesis , this should n't be an uncomfortable accessory . My only complaint is that you can clip the remote onto the back of the controller -LRB- in what is to date the only use of the mysterious switch in the middle of the entire thing -RRB- but doing so causes two things to happen -- -LRB- A -RRB- the controller is weighed down and feel `` unstable '' and -LRB- B -RRB- the cord to the remote gets wrapped around the clip and gets in the way of any fingers that rest on the back of the contraption . This is n't to say it is useless , however . If you want easy menu access and a true `` wireless '' feeling , you can eventually cope with it , but if that 's not for you , you can just keep both the remote and the clip on the shell . The only other wonky feeling is that at first , the handles feel slightly loose on the Classic Controller , but after a while , you 'll forget the feeling and it will feel uniform and natural.As for gameplay , I tested out the controller on every type of game I had that used the CC , and the verdict is that it feels quite good . You may not feel as `` authentic '' when playing Super Metroid , but your hand certainly wo n't cramp up after late night sessions . It also makes most N64 games feel playable on the Classic Controller . Anyone who 's ever tried knows it felt as awkward as a Dreamcast controller or playing an FPS on the Gamecube ... it just did n't work most of the time . But thanks to these handles , the analog sticks are FINALLY accessable and feels like any other current gen controller . I actually prefer using the CC over the GCN controller for games like Majora 's Mask now , the difference is AMAZING.In conclusion , I would n't say this is a necessary purchase unless you spend alot of time playing Wii games using the Classic Controller , you do n't feel comfortable with the GCN controller , or you 're just interested in using the CC for N64/Wii games . If you have big hands or are averse to heavy controllers , avoid using the remote clip , but if you have small burly man-hands , go for it . I do n't think Nyko still makes these , but if you manage to find one at GameStop , it 's only gon na run you $ 3 , but you might have to ask for it specifically . But man , is it $ 3 worth spending ...
 While so many people are interested in the Nintendo Wii , there are those gamers who want a safer way to take a more control over the Wii Classic Controller , not the actual Wii-Mote that comes with the Nintendo Wii . This Wii Classic Controller Grip is a safe and secure way to have a steadier grip , while playing your favorite games that you download from the Wii 's Virtual Console like Super Mario 64 and the original Legend Of Zelda . Still , you can also use the grip to make it easier to play Wii titles that you can use the Wii Classic Controller like Super Smash Brothers Brawl and Mario Kart Wii . All in all , if you have an Wii Classic Controller , and you want to have a better sense of direction , that I really recommend this addition for your Nintendo Wii 's Virtual Console.Price
 Man o man , I ca n't tell you how much more comfortable my hands have gotten since I bought this thing . It is a wonderful accessory to have for your classic controller . Before having this thing , my hands would cramp playing such games as Geometry Wars and older games from the Virtual Console . This thing has helped so much , I had to by another one . I highly recommend one if you have a classic controller . It works wonders with Smash Brothers as well , giving a much better feel IMO than the Gamecube controller .
 I was a bit skeptical of some of the reviews here stating that this accessory fits the Classic controller well , however , it fits like a glove ! the accessory feels like it is one with the remote and is sturdy . The clip for the Wiimote is also very sturdy and well designed , with 2 slot inserts that lock the Wiimote in place and hold it even when flailing the remote around . The controller is much more comfortable to hold with the accessory attached and makes the 2 joysticks feel easier to manipulate with precision.I love it , and it will be perfect for whenSuper Smash Bros. . Brawlis released .
 Game was so good I joined the Civil War Game Club and now own all HPS games and play via E-mail .
 This game is engrossing and exciting . It is somewhat like a RTS mixed with turn-based mechanics - you plot out what your gang is going to do , and you can arm them with various firearms -LRB- pistols , shotguns , rifles and machineguns -RRB- and also explosives . You can buy various cars for them to get around the city faster . You can purchase property and run legal and illegal businesses , and of course extort banks , hotels and other businesses for money.When you are done giving orders to your gang members , you then go into the RTS mode which lasts a week in game time ; you can speed up the passage of time . You go up against 3 other mob bosses and it gets brutal - recruit new gang members every week , just to have some in your manpower pool . Watch out for the police and FBI - but sometimes they come in handy to get them to attack the other gangs . If there are a lot of cops around , you can attack enemy gang members with guys who are good in hand-to-hand combat -LRB- fists or knives -RRB- . Bwuhahahaha ! Great game !
 This does n't work on Windows XP . Oh I guess maybe some people can get it to play but I tried downloading the `` Work on XP patch '' specifically for this game and even went into `` Properties '' and set to `` Run for Windows 98/ME and still could n't get it to run .
 The game 's too outdated . It does n't work on any of my computers.I was having a burst of nostalgia a few months ago and decided to pick this game up . I used to play it back when I was a wee Catholic schoolgirl -LRB- yes , I 'd go home and play this darn game after a day of religious studies and attending church , but in retrospect , it 's less violent than Grand Theft Auto Vice City -RRB- . The game was challenging and I 'd usually wind up losing to the other gangs quite miserably , so I never beat it . But it 's fun , if you 're into the whole Al Capone or Bugsy Siegel history . It 's been more than eight years since I 've played this game last , so my memory 's hazy -LRB- hence the reason I bought it -RRB- . But ... it does n't work . It 's outdated . They need to bring out an updated version of this game .
 I understand that the above review was a year ago , but you can in fact speed up time during your turn . If you do n't mind playing an older game with noticably older graphics this game can be quite fun it is one that I still have a couple copies of laying around that get installed once in awhile for a change of pace . The `` empire builder '' is where this game shines , you can essentially do whatever you want in regards to giving orders to your soldiers but this is not nor did it ever try to be an RTS if that is what you are looking for .
 This game is so fun . you blow buildings out of the ground , burn down buildings to ashes , even collect protection money and kiddnap people and if one of yours gets captured to can trade people .
 Hmm , where to start ? Well , I 'll go ahead and begin by saying that this is basically the girl version of `` Harvest Moon
 For those who have never played a Harvest Moon game , the main storyline and goal of the game is that your main character gains a farm and must clean it up , grow crops , earn money , and socialize with the townsfolk . You also have the ability -LRB- in many of them -RRB- to woo and marry the spouse of your dreams and have a kid as well . Previous versions of the U.S. versions of these games have been known to make the main character male , allowing you to marry 1 of 5 potential women in the game . Does n't sound bad , unless you want to marry a guy.Harvest Moon
 The entire Harvest Moon series is based on roleplaying . However , most of the games in the past had you either get married , succeed at the farm , or befriend the villagers in order to continue playing . This game is much different ! It allows you to run the farm in anyway you want , and you wo n't get that horrible sign that everyone hates , `` GAME OVER '' . It is somewhat different then the boy version of this game . There are a few new recipes , you can change your clothes , but the most important aspect is that you are a girl ! You can marry the many guys available , or stay single . I must say that getting married is very fun to do . You can get a child and raise her . Yes I believe you can only get a daughter , and they stay as toddlers . Raising the animals , and tending to the crops is a lot more fun then it sounds . You get many benefits from them , such as money . Whatever you produce on the farm you can use in your cooking . You can expand your home , which you must do in order to get married . Some people do not like the many challenging parts , such as trying to get a certain jewel or befriending a local villager . But the more they play it , the less challenging it seems , and the more fun it gets . And what is really great about this game is that , even when you 're married , have a kid , get a lot of money , have great animals , theres ALWAYS something to do , something to achieve . I highly reccomend this game , you will not regret it . If you 're gon na pick up a copy of this game , I might suggest you get a nice comfortable couch to sit on , and have some chips to snack on , because once you start , trust me , its hard to stop : -RRB-
 I purchased HM
 While I love the Harvest Moon series and overall recommend them , I need to say that if you already own the first Friends of Mineral Town , do NOT bother to buy this one . They are exactly the same with the single exception of your character being a girl in this one . The characters are the same , the farm is the same , the events are the same , etc. . Since I own all the previous HM games , I was looking forward to this one , expecting the usual `` same premise , different game '' that they have so far provided . Not so.That said , if you do n't own the other version , this is certainly up there for a high quality , highly addictive game . I love it .
 I was debating between this and a few other games , but decided to try this one . About 3am that night , I asked myself , where did the last six hours go ? That 's how addicting this game is !! My first night I got to the first summer and could not put the gameboy down ! The second day I played for another three or four hours . Great game if you want to be entertained for hours on end ! I love the fact they have a girl character too . It 's fun to pick names for your chickens , cows , sheep , dog , and your farm . It 's also very amusing to see if the chicken does n't like you that day -LRB- for what reason , I have no clue -RRB- . But if they are n't happy with you that day , they wo n't lay an egg ! I still do n't understand how to get married , but I am very much enjoying the rest of the game . Do n't hesitate on this one !
 Just when you thought Harvest Moon was at it 's best , It gets a little better!Based closely to Friends of Mineral Town -LRB- FoMT -RRB- , More Friends of Mineral Town -LRB- MFoMT -RRB- gives you all the fun of farming on your gameboy-but better ... you are a girl!Every day you wake up , and smell the fresh farm air . Befoer you can play , you have to do your chores . Feed the chickens , cows , and sheep . Play with your dog and brush your horse . Then water and harvest the plentiful crops you grow in your field , and harvest the grass to make fodder for your sheep and cows . You can collect herbal grasses , flowers , and mine for ores in the mountian outside your farm . Then sell them to get even more money ! MFoMT offers more ways to get cash then its predecessor-You can even sell the food you make!Once your work is done , you can wander around mineral town and talk with its inhabitants . If you want , you can give them presents on their birthday-or anyday ! And if there is a special guy you find suitable to be your boyfriend , woo him , and you could get married , even start a family!The graphics for MFoMT are good for being on such a small screen , and the game music is very cute ... even if it does get a little annoying after a while ! But it changes with every season , and it is different in the town and your farm.Graphics ~ 4.5 / 5Sound ~ 4/5Controls ~ 5/5Story ~ 5/5Fun ~ 6/5Overall ~ 5/5More Friends of Mineral Town
 I absolutly love this game . It 's not for people who think Harvest moon is boring , but If you want to try out Harvest moon , start with FOMT -LRB- boy version -RRB- or MFOMT -LRB- girl version -RRB- . The great thing about this Harvest moon game is that it goes on as long as you want it to . You do n't HAVE to get married and start a family . in this game , and you 're not rushed into anything Because the game des n't end until you delete it . -LRB- as opposed to other games where you play for 3 years . -RRB- So old harvest moon fans and new gamers in the series , try this game !! Also , try FOMT !!!
 I love this game , I was not a major Harvest Moon player until I bought the game , Harvest Moon
 In HM : MFoMT , you play a girl -LRB- whom you get to name -RRB- that recently moved out from the city to have a relaxing life on a farm . In reality , you 're left with a ruined farm -LRB- whom you also get to name -RRB- , a couple of tools , a cute puppy -LRB- you 'll be able to name it too . . -RRB- , and some money . The things you have to do
 This game has it all the farming , festivals and romance what more could a good harvest moon game possibly offer . Harvest Moon A/Another Wonderful Life have superior graphics but both titles are lacking the festivals and horse or dog races that I loved about Harvest Moon 64 !
 You start out as a city girl , then you get to go to the farm itself . Thomas , the mayor in the game says something you do n't like , you hit him with the hammer . Then you can keep hitting or stop . In the game I married Gray in the second year , in the third year I had a kid ! If you want to fish , go to Zack 's -LRB- on the beach -RRB- with an empty tool space . You will fish and then sell them .
 I LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!! It was sensetional . Beautiful and heart touching .
 It is fun until you got a fully functinal farm then the only thing to do is get money .
 This is great game , if you want to do anything , there are spelling errors , but still a great game.You get to get married , raist a farm lol , buy stuff , ship stuff , own pets horses , cows , chickens that can die if you dont take care of them , etc. . I would recommend it completey , but thats just me . Take a chance its great .
 Anne was such an idiot ! She stole my husband ! I hate this game , i hate this game , I LOVE THIS GAME . But Anne is a horrible poo poo .
 I do n't have this game yet But I 'm going to !!! How many days does it take to ship it to me!Okay now where to start.First you start as a maybe 18 to 20 year old womanyou have a job you work 9 to 5 you see an add about a great farm you buy it then you pack and go there the mayor laght at you . you hit him with a hammer then he belives you you press yes thenyou start the game ! So first you with a young puppy when it grows up it will scare the wild dogs away ! -LRB- Buy it at Amazon it is a low price I think ! -RRB- You get to mine in the Spring Mine any season and winter mine only in winter because the path has water and the water needs to be frozen to walk on the ice . You can buy animals and lots lots lots more like getting married -LRB- It 's a great offer -RRB- You will play it for hours !!!!!!!!!!!!!! you need a game boy advance ! DUDE !!!! I love love love it ! I going to marry Docter ! Bye Bye
 i own harvset moon for gamecube and i know this wont help you and im sorry is just that before i drag my mom to the store on saturday to check if its ds campatible can someone tell me ! is it allowed for nintendo ds beacuse i love harvest moon and i so need this !!
 I love it I love it i love it i love it SSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoo much i could kiss Rick . Except Lala and Po Killed my cow.GOODBYE
 This game is absoulutely amazing to my point of view . This game is the one with girl in it not a boy . I think this is a great game . But at first for me it was hard to start out . But later on you 'll know what to do ! But always remember no matter what toy you have always read the instructions ! Before or while playing the game ! But you know something ? Not every game is perfect . Harvest moon well everytime you go somewhwere it turns to a blur and then comes back right away . Do n't think i got a fake one cause I do n't . But still overall this game is great !
 This game maybe THE BEST farming game ever . It has awesome graphics and okay music . In the game an old fart dies so you own the farm . Your goal is to make freind with the sprites and villangers while maintaining a large farm . @_ @ = ^ - ^ = = - -RRB- Here are some tips :1 -RRB- Try to save your money so you can buy seeds , upgrade your tools and buy animals .2 -RRB- It a good idea to check on your animals every single day to make sure they are happy and healthy3 -RRB- If you want a spouse , go up to `` that speical someone '' and talk to them and give them gifts . By the way , you NEED a spouse to win the game!THIS GAME IS AWESOME WORTHY AND SOULD BE KEPT FOREVER well at least untill your like a Quajillion years old ! @_ @ = ^ - ^ = =--RRB- !
 This is great game , if you want to do anything , there are spelling errors , but still a great game.You get to get married , raist a farm lol , buy stuff , ship stuff , own pets horses , cows , chickens that can die if you take care of them , etc. . I would recommend it completey , but thats just me . Take a chance its great .
 This game is one of the best games I have !! It is so so so so much fun !! I could play this game for a whole day !!
 This game is the best of the best!It is the best game in the WORLD !!! You play a girl who used to live in the city in an apartment . She sees an ad for a so called `` wonderful '' farm . So she , of course , moves . And that is where your farm life begins .
 this is so good I got it a year ago maybe but anyway , it is so fun you start out as a city girl who reads an ad in the paper about a farm she packs her bags and goes to live there .1 : you have a dog and as you get more money you can get other animals like horses cows sheep and chickens2 : you can plant crops I think summer is the best time to plant crops because that is when you have the most varieties .3 : you can meet people in the town there are 5 bachlers and you can get married to eathier one4 : overall it 's a great game sorry I ca n't tell you much I have n't played it in a while !! bye !!
 extention of Harvest Moon
 Where to start ... Well for thoses who have played FOMT , MFOmT is the exact same game except the main charcter is a girl.Well I got this game a year ago last Christmas to be exact and this Christnas of '06 I 'm still playing.You start out with a ruined farm , a dog and 500 dolars . You can use it to buy things such as seeds and animals.i would of givin this review a 5 but the thing is you HAVE to get money or you ca n't progress in the game and though its not the only way you have to mine and after a while it gets sorta boring to do that.don ' t get me wrong the game is still realy awesome i like the option to fish instead of having to always mine and there are differnt fishing spots and 2 mines to mine at.the other reason is that i think its a little hard to get the bachelors heart to change with affection or maybe thats just me i do n't no . But over all its an awesome game realy i suggest getting it some may say its a broing farming gam e but irts a lot more than that you interact wihth the people in your surronding s the price is down so go out and buy it i promist you wo n't be disapointed .
 I got this game as soon as possible , July 27 , 2005 and I could n't be happier that I did n't wait longer . You can go through an eternal life on the farm . The planting , cooking and , living life to the fullest is an ever-lasting challenge .
 As the title says , I was so bored with my Gameboy games , until I found this one . I was a little hesitant at first , but my friend let me play her DS game , and I was hooked!You are a city girl who is sick and tired of your life , and you see an ad for a beautiful farm in the countryside , have this little daydream and , quick as a wink , call the phone number on the ad . Next day , you go over , and the farm is a wreck , all strewn with weeds and sticks and rocks . The Mayor comes up and says that you 've been tricked , the farm is n't at all like the ad says . You then -LRB- you do n't have any choice over this one -RRB- hit him HARD with a hammer . He asks you to please stop hitting him , but you can stop or keep going as many times as you want with whatever tool you have ! This game 's already fun , huh?After you stop hitting him , he asks if you would like to have the farm -LRB- for free , I suppose -RRB- and you have a choice . ` Yes ' means you can start your new life . ` No ' would mean the game ends , right there , and the credits roll.Once you clean up your farm , -LRB- which took me about 3 HM days -RRB- you can go outside and talk to people . The very first time you talk to them , they will introduce themselves , and then they 'll say the same things again and again until you make friends with them , so I suggest that!You can also farm , have livestock -LRB- no , you can not kill you chickens and cows and sheep and cook them -RRB- and , if you want , get married!To get married to one of the eligible boys in town , you need to have these things done before he 'll be your husband . ~ Up to red heart -LRB- There are seven heart colors , Black , Purple , Blue , Green , Yellow , Orange and Red , which show how much he likes you . If you have trouble remembering the order , think of it as a backwards rainbow . -RRB- ~ Seen all 4 heart events ~ Have a big bed ~ Need the Blue Feather - that 's what you propose withFor more info about these , I suggest you go to -LSB- ... -RSB- . I go there when ever I need any help . They also have help for all of the other HM games.Now for the boys themselves!Will it be ... Bachelor # 1Doctor . A smart , serious , polite , cute guy . He has dark hair and dark eyes and wears a doctor 's mirror and stethoscope . He is the doctor of the town -LRB- surprising , is n't it ? -RRB- He likes milk and herbs . He is very cute and when you raise his heart level , he will smile a lot , worry about you and your health , and say sweet things.Bachelor # 2Cliff . He is a lonely person , but some players fall head-over-heels for him.He has brown hair in a short ponytail , and brown eyes . He likes Curry and Miso soup . Unfortunately , you will have to ask someone else about him and most of the other bachelors , because I really only know about Doctor ! Go to that website up there , and it will yell you everything about everyone in Mineral Town and more!Bachelor # 3Rick . He lives with his mother and sister , at the chicken farm . He loves chickens , so , naturally , he loves eggs as a present . I am told he also likes chicken feed , but I have n't tried that yet ... He has scruffy red hair and glasses , and hates Kai 's guts . Who is Kai ? He 's : Bachelor # 4Kai . An African-American looking guy who only comes to Mineral town in the Summer . He goes somewhere else in all of the other seasons to escape the cold . He has a purple bandanna around his head , and loves pineapples . If you marry him , he will stay in Mineral Town forever.Bachelor # 5Grey . A moody apprentice to the town 's blacksmith . He has a blue hat that he never takes off -LRB- like Kai 's bandanna -RRB- and it covers most of his hair , but I think it 's a sandy blond color . He has blue eyes , and likes copper and gold , and baked corn , I 've heard.There are also 3 secret bachelors , but I wo n't spoil what they look like.Pros : ~ The people are SUPER nice ! The only one who 's rude to you is Grey , and that 's only sometimes . ~ You stay on you farm forever ! There are some HM games , in which I 've heard that you HAVE to get married , or you HAVE to have a certain number of animals or plants , or you only have the farm for a few years . Not in this game ! You can play however you want , however long you want ! ~ The boys you do n't marry can get married to your rivals ! In the other games , they talk about marriage , but they never get married . In this game , if you do n't snap up you 're guy , or do n't care about the others , they can get married to your rival . ~ Most people have families , they 're not all single like a soap opera . There are even two little kids in town , who will call you ` Big Sister ' if you make friends with them . -LRB- They are super cute ! -RRB- ~ The rating of ` Alcohol usage ' yadda yadda is because there is a winery in town , at night the local inn and restaurant serves wine and other beverages , and there is one cut scene about a drinking match . ~ You can change you clothes ! I find that very cute ! You can choose from six different colors of overalls to wear . The guys like it when you change you clothes a lot . ~ There are a lot of cute , random cut scenes . I like to see them , just for fun ~ The graphics are very good , and very cute . It IS Japanese , after all!Cons : A few typos from the translation , and I 've heard you can catch some people speaking Japanese where they forgot to translate it , but I have n't seen that , and there are fewer mistakes that in the boy version of this game -LRB- Friends of Mineral Town -RRB- for instance , when you check the yellow couches at the Clinic in FoMT , it will say ` Sopha ' , but in MFoMT that is fixed.All in all , a great game , and I would VERY VERY VERY highly recommend this game ! I would even recommend it over the DS games!Please say if this was helpful or not , an feel free to write in the comments section .
 Ok , you start out liveing in the city and then read an article in the news about liveing in the country so you pack your bags and quit your job and then you figure out your on a abandon farm with a town filled with strangers ! But do n't shy off ! Make this farm beautifull again!There is 5 Batchlers in this town , get to know them and somthing will happen like you could get married and start a family , but that will take about 3 years or so.heres all the batchlers.Cliff -LRB- a Guy that lives at dougs inn . -RRB- Rick -LRB- Wierd Red Hedded Guy thats crazy about chikens . -RRB- Ki -LRB- A person who comes every summer and is a ladys man . -RRB- Gray -LRB- Guy that lives with his grandpa . -RRB- Docter -LRB- docter of the hole town , name , unknown . -RRB- The town festivals are fun theres , horse raceing , cooking contest , starry night , cow , sheep , and chiken festivals , and much more.In the mines you can dig and brake Brake rocks . you can find lots of jewls , also when you dig youll find steps and go down a leval , there is 255 levals.Well , theres lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots more . so Buy it and have fun .
 I have owned this game since it first came out , when I was about 12 . I 'm 18 now and still playing with it , even though I had already married the guy I wanted when I first got it . I still continue playing the series , and I have to say , this one is my favorite . It was nice to have a change from being a boy all the time in harvest moon to being a girl , and get to marry a guy for once ! Plus , I really liked the bachelor 's choices in this game , and I do n't think the latest ones have been all that great . But , that 's just my opinion . Loved this game , and now my little sister loves this game just as much as I did .
 Harvest Moon
 Having bought and enjoyed HM : FoMT , I was devastated when , in the fifth year of the game , it broke . I think that the built in lithium battery broke , because it deleted my previous game , and would not let me save a new one . So when I heard about the release of HM : MFoMT , I was really happy and asked for it for my birthday . I like how they change the introduction , and how you can now date and marry all the characters you were previously competing against . It gives you a great new perspective . I recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the previous games . I am slightly disappointed that it does n't seem like you can connect to the first Harvest Moon
 This GBA game is a great choice for a girl , because , I have to say , it 's kind of weird to give a bunch of presents and marry a girl when you ARE a girl . I have the DS game , and if you insert the GBA Friends of Mineral Town or More Friends of Mineral Town , the people from Mineral Town can visit . It 's totally fun ! Go ahead and buy it ! It 's a great purchase !
 I first played this game when I was around 11 years old , around 7 years ago , and have been a huge fan of it every since . This has a charm that newer games seem to lack . Yes the graphics are subpar compared to the newer entries in the series , yes it can get repetive -LRB- although it takes around 50 or so hours for you to get sick of it !! -RRB- , but even with these - the game is a masterpiece . Harvest Moon
 This was released first as the same game with a different , male character . This version of the game is an updated version that has a female playing as the main character.Story-You work in the city , and you are tired of that type of life . You see an add in the paper about a farm for sale , and you buy it not knowing that it is in disrepair . You quit your job and move only to find it a wreck . Your job is to fix it up.Gameplay-The gameplay is the same as the first game which is very simple . You plant crops , raise animals , and ships ores and herbs in order to make money and do it over again . However , there were quite a few more cheats in this game that made the game much easier . For instance , there is a very easy way to make 1,000,000 gil really quickly . You have to play a minigame to do it , but , hey , free money . Another new thing in this game was that you could marry the boys in the town , if you so choose . Guys playing the game do n't have to worry . It 's not required . There are also some other aspects of the game such as cooking and festivals that make the game a whole lot of fun!Graphics - The graphics are just as great as the first game , but they are not better . Everything looks the same , which is very good . The characters , building , and trees look nice , with the close-ups of the characters being nicely designed.Sound-There is no voice acting in this game , although there are some background noises -LRB- such as hitting a rock , sheep baa-ing , and footsteps -RRB- . Music is almost constantly playing , though , unfortuantely , there are n't that many different songs . You have the Town song along with one song per season . There are also about 5 more songs that are played at the festivals and such.Fun-This game is every bit as fun as the first , and I 'd recommend it every bit as much as the first.All in all , it comes down to whether you want to play a farming game , and whether you want to play as a male or female . Yes , this game has a few tweaks to make it better , but it 's mainly the same as the first .
 My daughter and her friends love this game and the other games that are related to it . We got the game the first week of January and she still is playing it now . Usually she buys games and after two weeks she gets bored of it . Not this game ... . I give it 5 + stars . *****
 Harvest Moon
 Harvest Moon More Friends of Mineral Town is a fun game.You get to choose between 8 guys to marry.You start out with 500 dollars , a dog and a ruined farm.You need to fix up that farm and marry a bachelor , and become friends with the townspeople and alot more . You have to be able to do many tasks.Because you have to think about alot of things at once.If you have played A wonderful life you may not want this game because it is exaactly the same as this one though the mancharcter is a girl and you have men to marry.Hint
 Wow , I really love this game !!!! its a fun harvest moon edition . you start out as a girl who lives in the city and you see an ad for a farm , so you go whack mayor thomas in the head with a big hammer , and there you have it . As far as batchelors , this game is far superior to DS cute , theres a lot of hottys to pick from . Cliff
 I have a confession to make . I only bought this so that I could marry Dr. Trent on Harvest Moon DS Cute ... Yes , I 'm sad.Anyway , I actually did start a file on it , and it 's pretty fun . The controls are a little difficult to figure out , but this is coming from someone who has been playing HMDSC for years . I think I 'll get used to it eventually . I like that you do n't have to mess with the touch screen when dealing with your animals.This game is only one of an entire franchise of addictive games . It 's good for little kids and adults alike , so I recommend it.As for shipping , the item came packaged in a bubble wrap-lined envelope without a box or even a case . It was just the cartridge . Still , I actually prefer that because it generates less waste in the long run -LRB- I would have just thrown out the box anyway -RRB- . Overall , great product . I 'm very happy with the quality of the game and the condition of the cartridge -- there are no glitches so far on the former , and no scratches on the latter .
 I have been on the hunt for a decent handheld version of the N64 Harvest Moon . I did n't want fancy bells and whistles , or cumbersome control schemes . Just a way to take my Harvest Moon on the go . I had purchased three other versions , for the actual DS platform * , and none of them were up to par.The gameplay is ridiculously simple
 Its a fun game , but unfortunately there 's nothing to new to it.The thing I like it that you start out with a chicken coop and a barn , so you can get animals fast , but it 's almost too easy in that respect . The dialogue is MUCH better than DS Cute . It 's basically HM Back to Nature , except you 're a girl .
 This is my favorite hand-held Harvest Moon game ! I love it.If you like RPGs , then you MUST buy this !
 Harvest Moon
 Harvest Moon is an addicting game . This is the best version is better for girls 'cause in the last one , it felt wierd to marry a girl . Anyway , its like HMFOMT , but has diffrent suitors , changing the clothing and the sam challenging options ! Go for this game when you have the time , because it waste your time happily !
 This is one of the few games I have bought brand new and it was worth every penny ! I am so addicted to this game - it 's so much fun ! I think the winter season is a little boring but there really is so much to do - if you want . It can be difficult doing everything in the time you 're alloted but it 's a fun challenge !
 This is such a fun game for girls ! You start out in the farm all alone . The whole 1st chapter you try to get one of the 3 bachelors to like you by giving them presents and talking to them . In the second chapter you get married to the guy who likes you the most . Here are your choices : Rock
 One of my favorite experiences with a Harvest Moon game was with Harvest Moon 3 for the Gameboy . On that game , you could choose to be a boy or girl , and have a choice of animal -LRB- cat or dog -RRB- . Since that game , though , Natsume split the girl and boy stories into two separate games for future releases -- a disappointing turn , since it 's nice to have the option to play both genders.So , the question on most people 's minds would be , `` What would make me buy this game for $ 30 and not A Wonderful Life for $ 20 ? '' -LRB- or , `` Why should I buy this when I already have A Wonderful Life ? '' -RRB- Put simply , this is n't just `` A Wonderful Life with a girl '' , like others will tell you -- it 's an all new A Wonderful Life -LRB- which could be called `` version 1.5 '' -RRB- with all kinds of neat updates and changes from A Wonderful Life : - First , you get a chance to play a girl , which was never really done outside of Japan since the aforementioned Harvest Moon 3 . The storyline , while on the whole the same , really does change quite a bit to match your new gender -LRB- since females would n't treat you like the same character as in A Wonderful Life -RRB- . The beginning , especially , changes for the girl character -- instead of being `` given the farm '' like the boy character was , the girl was bored with the hectic life in the city and decided to move out to the country -LRB- Friends of Mineral Town and More Friends of Mineral Town also have these beginnings -RRB- . - In A Wonderful Life , you have three options when viewing the diary
 The above product description provided by Amazon is fairly accurate except for the fact that there are only three -LRB- 3 -RRB- guys to pick as a possible husband in this female version of Harvest Moon . The main reason I gave the game four stars instead of five is for the choices of the possible husbands.The opening is very similar to the original A Wonderful Life , with the same characters from the first Gamecube game . So far , no new people -LRB- I 'm still in chapter 1 -RRB- . Your father owned the farm and you have been living in the city . He died a little while back and you have decided that you want to escape the pressures of the big city to settle down in a small village and work on a farm . If you wish to continue past the 1st chapter , you have to get married . I think the first game had better choices of who to marry , but in Another Wonderful Life your choices are the following
 This game is so addicting ! You will end up playing for hours at a time ! It 's so much fun ! I have a few complaints and a few positive remarks about the game but 1st a description ... This is a farming game . You play as a girl -LRB- if you are a boy by a wonderful life instead of another wonderful life it 's the same game with just a few changes in the girls version that are very minor -RRB- You are trying to get married and run a good farm ! You start out with one cow and a dog that you can name . You can name all your animals and you have to take good care of them so they will give you good products to sell and earn money for upgrades on your farm . It is nothing like being on a real farm but who wants to scoop cow dung and stuff like that ! You have to feed and love your animals everyday -LRB- Its better if you take care of them and feed them twice a day but you do n't have to ! -RRB- and you do n't have to clean the barn ! The only down side compared to the boys version in this game is you have to bye fertilizer from Celia , Marlin , and Vesta and you do n't have to in the guy version!Now some complaints ... You can tell this game was meant for boys because the guys you can merry suck ! I have married all of them and I have my own problems with each ... Marlin : He is mean and does n't do anything around the farm because of his illness . -LRB- what illness does he have anyway ?!?! I think he is making it up -RRB- His kid is so cute ! He has black hair and big blue eyes he looks more like you then Marlin -LRB- thank goodness ! -RRB- but you can see a small resemblance to him . None of the guys work but Marlin is the only one that really has a reason why he does n't . -LRB- even if it is n't a good reason -RRB- He can be a sweet guy and I got married to him by talking to him every day . I did n't give him almost any gifts -LRB- do n't try and give him stuff when he has his hands in his pockets he wont take it ! -RRB- I just talked to him daily and rejected pushy rock as much as possible and wala ! We were married ! He is a nice guy and I think I like him the best out of the other 2 ! Gustafa : He is a hippie ! God ! Why a hippie ! He is a super sweet person when you get married though ! His kid has brown hair like you and Gustafa and has blue eyes . He is a cute little guy 2 even if he does ask if you are square ! -LRB- I think he has some problems -RRB- Gustafa is a sweet guy but he is very odd looking and * shiver * he is a hippie and dresses like a freak . I married him but did n't play with his game very much ! He is pretty easy to marry -LRB- ok they are all easy to merry because the girls do n't put up much of a fight like in More friends of mineral town ! -RRB- you do n't have to give him many gifts just find him everyday and talk to him.Rock : Rock is a playboy ... I hate his guts but he is pretty funny ! He is the easiest to marry but he is a lazy bum ! He tells you when you give him a blue feather he tells you he will not work strait out so it 's your fault for wanting this lazy guy ! His kid has blond hair and brown eyes ! He is ARORIBAL ! He looks so much like his father as a teen its not even funny ! You do n't even have to try very hard to get Rock . Ignore the other guys and you will have his heart in no time ! -LRB- or try and win marlin over some how I had to get married to rock the 1st time I was trying to get Marlin ! They both had 4 hearts but something happened!Oh well I have him now ! -RRB- He is the cutest of the guys and takes little or no effort to win his heart.The other thing is the grammar in this game is pretty bad at times . Like when you get a toy box for your kid and you click on it and it asks you `` Why do you want to take out ? '' I think it means what instead of why but I guess its ok there are some other things in there that are pretty bad but I will not mention them all . * Shiver * What is up with that scary teddy bear ! It is soooooooooo creepy you can see it breath ! Do n't buy it you will regret it like I did!The goat only gives you milk for a month ! Stupid goat ! At least you do n't have to kill it off because it is taking up valuable barn space like in the boy version . You can just sell it this time.They need to get some better-looking guys ! They should make one for Nintendo or Playstation2 that has the guys from Mineral Town and Forget me not Valley ! That would rock I would merry Cliff of Gray ! I love them soooooo much ! : -RRB- Now for the good stuff ... It will give you hours of fun playing through you characters life!You fall in love , have kids , and take care of your various farm animals!You can name your animals!The guys do have a good side and they can be really cute and nice when they want to be!The babies are so cute ! -LRB- enjoy them because soon the will become depressed teenagers ! -RRB- It has cheat codes -LRB- I like to use the cheat codes that give you money heheheh ! -RRB- You will get addicted ! You will end up playing it in any of your spare time!It is a super cute game that any of you The Sims players will love like me!So you should buy it if you like role playing games and do n't really care what the guys look like ! Happy Farming ! : -RRB-
 Teriffic game . The first thing that struck me was how beautiful it was . Some of the characters in the game look a little odd , but the scenery is incredible . Sometimes I just step outside my farmhouse and watch the snow fall while the sun comes up . There is a zoom button that lets you look at things up close or in any direction , up , down , side to side , or even behind you . Watch the stars , the ocean waves , the sunrise in the different seasons , thunderstorms , or get a closer look at your baby.I got Another Wonderful Life after playing the boy 's version of the same game . It 's fun playing as a girl . You get to change your clothes in the girl 's version , and you marry one of 3 bachelors in town . There are more cut-scene events in the girls ' version , which is nice . And you can see a screen which shows the happiness/health status of your animals . Each chapter runs for one `` year '' of game time , 6 chapters total . The boys ' version runs 10 years for the same number of chapters and some players felt that it went on too long . Most things are the same as in the boy 's game however . At the end of the game you do have an unlimited play option to keep going if you like.There is one drawback . They made it MUCH harder to make money in the girls ' version . You need money to do all the fun stuff in the game , buy animals , new clothes , build up your farm , etc. . I solved this problem when I did a Google search on the game title and discovered a bug in the game -LRB- search on `` major cheat '' for `` another wonderful life '' -RRB- that lets you have more money . Now I am playing happily.You play the lifetime of the character . In the first year/chapter , you meet the bachelors and get married . In the second , your son is a toddler . The chapters progress until your son is an adult and your character is older . You work the farm the whole time , raising cows , sheep , goats , ducks , and chickens , and growing crops and fruit trees . There is an interesting twist on the crops in this game , you can mix them to creat hybrid crops ! Cross an orange and a banana and get a new type of fruit . You can even cross the hybrid crops to make the second generation hybrids . These are more unusual and valuable to sell . All crops can also be used in recipes . Yes , you can cook in this game : - -RRB- There is a linking feature to the game which is important . The game can be linked to `` Harvest Moon
 For starters , this Harvest Moon is a great deal shorter than the first Wonderful Life . This game plays through in 6 game years compared to 30 . Yes the days and years can seem like forever to get through but any quicker -LRB- with this change -RRB- and it would take some of the fun out of it . Your son ages with each year as well , which makes ending a year that much more gratifying . I do agree somewhat about giving you the option to speed up a day though , as in the Sims . But if you are doing everything you can get in , in a game day , then you should n't have that much spare time.You can still only have a baby boy in this version , if you want to have a girl , buy the Special Edition version -LRB- although keep in mind that you can only play as a male in that one -RRB- . I have bought them all because they each have something unique . The first WL has the length -LRB- 30yrs -RRB- , the second has the girl character , and the third has the baby girl and boy . There are other differences as well but these are what attracted me to the games.I gave the game the 4 star rating because I think instead of only having a girl character it should have had the option of either a male or female and it should have had the male and female babies . I have spent a lot of money on these games where I would n't have had to if they would have just added the features to start with . I do highly recommend the game to anyone who would just prefer to play as a female character and can not wait for Magical Melody coming out later this year . Or just buy it to own the entire collection of HM games . So give it go , you will appreciate it if you are a fan of the series .
 Hey , I am 13 years old and a girl , and I saw this game at a used-books store , and thought it looked really fun , so I thought I would get it here , since I had a gift card here.Well , let me tell you , I am NOT disappointed ! There is never NOT anything to do here ! You can milk your cows , water and harvest crops , collect eggs from your chickens , fish , dig for treasure , pick mushrooms and flowers to sell , or just about ANYTHING ! ~ you can also cook like a million different dishes , which is awesome.You start with just a normal cow and a dog , but over time your farm grows as you expand in livestock and mula $ $ ! You must plan out how our farm will be , and your decisions affect everything ! What you say and do matters , as well as who you choose for your husband and raising your little boy.I totally reccomend this game for everyone , it is easy to learn how to play , appropriate for all ages , and really cute ! Anyone can have fun playing this game , it is great ! ^ ^
 I just got this game about a month ago , and I love it ! It 's better than A Wonderful Life , because there are some new options , like you can change your clothes , train your dog , create hybrid crops , and best of all , you 're a girl ! Also , I 'm alot more succesful in this game more than A Wonderful Life , because of a money cheat , and if you 're desperate for money , here it is : Plug a 2nd controller into the 3rd slot while playing.Keep pressing the start button on the 2nd controller , for about 5 seconds . Stop , and see how much money you have ! It 's alot of help ! And , you get extentions for your house every year -LRB- I think -RRB- . In the game , my name is Aly , I 'm in chapter 3 , married to Rock , and have a son named Joey , who seems about 8 . A neat thing is , you can read your son 's diary . Your neighbors can give you gifts , too . Like Grant -LRB- who moves in in the 2nd chapter -RRB- , will give you an alarm clock . You can also do milk drinking contests . To get ducks , you need to get a pond . To make butter and milk , you need a food processing room . And , about those hybrid crops , you need a Seed Maker , but I have no clue how to make them . If you know , please write a review on how to do it . Thanks for reading ! - Harvest Moon Fan
 Here are the main ideas of this wonderful game ! -LRB- look at the bottom for the money secret -RRB- You are a girl and only a girl ! You can marry 3 different guys . they are Marlin , Gustafa , and Rock -LRB- if you want a bigger selection , try HM Magical Melody , you can chose from ten cute guys ! -RRB- Oh and a tip . If you do n't want to marry rock , do not talk to him at all!You have a son in the second chapter of you life . -LRB- you can only have one child and it 's always a boy . The boy looks different an likes different things depending on your husband -RRB- Thanks for reading ! Buy this game i know you 'll love it ! -LRB- unless your a boy that likes bloody and violent games like HALO -RRB- Psssst ! Here is a little cheat to get more money ! Plug in a second controller in slot three . Press the START button continuesly on the second controller while playin on the first . Stop pressing START on controller 2 . Now , press START on controller 1 . -LRB- just to look at the menu -RRB- See how much more mula you have ? you should be thanking me!Peace Out ! ~ jkw
 I really love this game ! If anybody told you its boring they 're just to old for it.As a matter of fact on some days theres TOO much to do ! Your life starts in a farm . You can easily make money to buy livestock . -LRB- The cows are so cute ! -RRB- You also make food for yourself or eat plants and pick your future husband.Once you marry him you have a baby . -LRB- You do n't see the birth do n't worry -RRB- Then your true farm life begins.You make money but selling eggs and milk , make friends , and figure out the game and all it 's features . This game is n't like most life simulations games.There are nice people you can make friends with and a nice neiborhood to live in.There 's even a beach ! The towns easy to get around especially when you get your hoarse . This game is easy to learn and even more fun to play ! There are happy and unexpected suprises waiting for you throughout your life.This game is the best game I have EVER played.Please buy this game if you love cute livestock , friendly people , nice towns , cute baby boys , and altogether fun!Thank you for reading . - Christi Age 11 - Now excuse me , I think my cows 's giving birth . -LRB- Just Kidding ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 I LOVE Harvest Moon games . If you do too GET THESE GAMES ! You will love them !
 -LRB- Daughter writing review -RRB- This was my first HM game , and I love it ! I do n't understand why a lot of people are claiming this and A Wonderful Life to be the worst games in the HM series . I found it alot of fun to plant and grow my own things , and take care of farm animals . Talking to the people around town and getting my own husband was lots of fun too ! I really enjoyed seeing your child grow up , and could n't wait for one year in the game to come to an end so I could see what happened next . I enjoyed the music , and I did not have any real problems with the game.I 'd recommend this if you are a HM fan .
 First off I have never finished the entire game . That is one of the only things I dislike about this game , it takes forever to finish . Over all though I do like the game.Pros : - Fun-Perfect for kids-The plot is ok but it is hard to win all the animals without ... cheating.-Colorful-Character is cute :-RRB- - Gives a sense of prideCons : - When it is evening it is hard to see-It takes forever to completeI have had this game forever and I have played it to chapter 3 but then there was a glith and I had to start over . I have never gotten it that far again.As I had said above there are a lot of little extra animals to win but you have to befriend everybody which involves some looking up to see what people like . You also are able to win extra tools and nic-knacks from the other townspeople . But I have never been able to get anything except the cat . The game is fun and sometimes addicting but after hours of playing and not getting very far it gets a bit boring.Casey
 This game is awesome . But this game is not for everyone . I would suggest you rent it first , then buy it.All the info from the other reviews are good . I was just about to say them until I saw the other ones . But there was this review . Here 's a correction.Lumina is NOT Rock 's rival . Nami is NOT the hippe 's rival . They are girls who want to marry them . You got that way wrong.Rock is easy to marry , and fun to . The baby is a serious cutie ! But you should 've seen Lumina . When we announced the marriage to her , she started to cry , looked up , then ran away . It 's not sad . They make it look funny ! Rock is the best to marry.That 's what the other reviews missed .
 i always liked the harvest moon games i had awonderful life but i wondered what it was like with a girl charactor so its a little different but still fun
 i love this game it helps me out in my other game harvest moon more friends of mineral town with what i need it me entertained always
 Now , some people do n't like this game , but they must be crazy ! I do NOT own this game , but I have rented many times . In the game you play as a boy -LRB- even though you may be a girl like me -RRB- . You own a farm.You have three potential wives . You give them gifts and when they have 5 hearts you propose . At the end of the first year , youget married . If you do n't propose , the woman with the most hearts will propse to you . If you say no , you keep your farm and just start your second year just like your first and do n't start the secod chapter . After you get maried , you have a son that looks like the wife you married . After chapters , your son and everyone around you grows up . Depending on how you raised your son , he chooses his career path . Along the way , you make friends , grow crops , buy liveststock -LRB- animals -RRB- , have pets , and meet strange people . I love this game , it is VERY fun ! I would recommend it to anyone . Regarding my stars , this game is fun AND Educational . It teaches you how to handl a farm and money . If you do n't grow crops or make milk , you o n't hve enough for chickens sheep , or another cow . It teaches you how to manage . I love this game and you will too !
 MY GRANDDAUGHTER HAD THIS GAME BEFORE AND HER LITTLE BROTHER BROKE IT . SHE REALLY WANTED IT BAD AND I SAW IT AND DECIDED TO GET IT FOR HER .
 Overall , the product is pretty fun . It came on time and in the condition I had ordered it in , which was new . I definitely recommend this game to any girls who enjoyed Harvest Moon
 I ordered this game for my daughter and she absolutely loves it ! She has a couple of the Harvest Moon games and wanted to add this one to her collection .
 This game was awesome . The game came in perfect condition still in original wrapping . This was the best game that I have ordered from Amazon .
 good fun liked it play it all the time better than the first one cool characters , cool town , cool fun . great
 This Game Is Much More Fun Then It Looks . It Is Not Really All That Kiddie Once You Start Playing . I Love The Adorable Cartoon People And Animals . You Start Off Not Knowing Much About What To Do , But Its Easy To Learn Everything Fast . Its Alot Like Animal Crossing But Deeper And It Just Has More To It . You Can Have Chickens , Cows , Goats And A Horse That You Get To Ride Around Town On . Making Money Is Slow , And It Takes A Long Time To Save For A New Cow/Sheep Ect . You Cant Detail Your House Much . But Its Still So Fun . Not Everyone Will Love It Because You Do Alot Of The Same Things But If You Like Animals/Farming You Will Probably Love It Like Me . And They Best Part Is Wondering Who To Marry ! I Married Rocky Cuz He Looked The Best ... He Is A Lazy Bum ! Rocky Best Be Glad Its Not Real Life Or Else I Would Make Him Get Off His Butt ! :-RRB- But The Other Guys Were Kinda Ugly Soooo ... Anyway You End Up Having A Cute Little Kid . -LRB- Mine Is Named Dashal -RRB- And After 30 Years You Live Happily Ever After ! The End . Lol : -RRB-
 With no prior knowledge of the Harvest Moon series games , I purchased this with high hopes . I was extremely impressed by the graphics and plot line , however sometimes I got a bit confused but was able to refer to online forums to help guide me.One of the only things I had to complain about was the lack of characters , however all of the bachelors are interesting and unique . I 've married them all -LRB- not completed any games with them , but married them nonetheless -RRB- , except for Rock , who I denied and did n't know that would result in the game ending.But I loved the game ! Great graphics , wonderful characters -LRB- Marlin was my favorite -RRB- and beautiful images through and through .
 The game is very nice , it kinda lags sometimes , but other than that its very good . Thank you so much for the game .
 Harvest Moon
 Harvest Moon does n't change much but I did like playing a girl for once and I felt more invested in this one because unlike A Wonderful life you have to work for everything , even the best field .
 I Just reveiwed MFoMT , and I said in the end to buy this game so that you could connect and recieve the benifits from Van 's shop -LRB- i.e. records not available otherwise -RRB- and just plain gossip about the people of both communties in the games . I 've played the first one , and was very pleased with it , I 've played almost all Harvest Moon games still in circulation , finally the silly blue hat was gone . When I heard about this new one for girls , I instantly placed my order , people fail to notice the extra clothes she gets , the mirror , and all the other hidden quirks . And is it just me or does the game run smoother than the last one ? Meh . Also how can the two-star reveiwer complain about watering ?! GET A GRIP ! In the end I say this is better in some little ways than the boy version , but or course that 's my opinion , to each his or her own . SO , buy this game before they are snatched up by some crazy collector -LRB- like me , jk -RRB- .
 harvest moon is about you ! see , your dad just died and you want to go check out the farm life your friends dad had ! anyway , you move in to your own farm were you can have chickens , cows , horses to ride and sheeps . also later in the game you can buy a goat ! you have to take care of all these animals , such as feed them brush them and give them baths . you also have to hug and see if their not sick and so on . anyway while your doing that your also trying to manage living in a new town filled with people and you have to make friends with them . like give them discounts when your saleing them things or give them things and be nice to them . beyond all that your trying to find a husband . you have three boys to choose from-my husband is blonde boy named rock . you have to make sure that husband you choose will work and will handle a family . in chapter two you have a son -LRB- you cant have a daughter -RRB- every son looks diffrent depending on who you marry . you have to hug your son and buy him toys and make him foo-you HAVE to learn to cook as in what kind of ingriedients to put in-you have to try to have money to buy a pond so you can have ducks and you may buy a milking room to milk your cow . you can also buy a room to make cheeze or butter to sale or make cakes out of . you also have to try to give your husband gifts evryday to make him happy . you get a alarm clock toward chapter 3 or 4 to wake you up anytime you want . oh yah , you get to choose a dog in the begening and you have to feed it love it and teach it tricks !!! i got a cat also and my gaming time is more better ! 12 minutes in real life is like one day in harvets moon ! you also have to give your cow a mate -LRB- you dont have to but its fun !! -RRB- so your cow can have a cute calf . a cALF IS ALLOT of work so try having a calf when your son is a teenager ! you get one hollyday that no one celebrates . harvest is the farm life to have . your child , you and your husband will grow . your child will have to have a carrer in mind in witch you pursue him in ! it is also fun to play some games once in a while . harvest moon has 3 minie games that are fun but real hard . ie
 Hi , my name is Kate , and I 'm currently writing a review of my favorite game in the world . I came across it when a friend of mine showed me her A Wonderful Life . I thought it sounded pretty interesting , so I went to the video store and rented this one . I did n't really like it , because :1
 I love it ! It is the best game ever ! I have all of the Harvest Moon games ! I am always glued to the TV when I am playing ! One reason I love it is because I love animals ! Cows , cows , & more cows , I ca n't get enough of cows . I love playing as a girl , because I am one ! All in all , Harvest Moon IS THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!!
 this game is great . Many people did get mad that they could no longer duplicate ruby spice but even thought they took that out they lowered prices a lot . i am really happy to be able to play as a girl -LRB- i am one -RRB- . If you are a harvest moon fan this game is a must . only one complait ... I WANT A BABY GIRL . why do we always have to have a boy ??????????????? Great game anyway . :-RRB- .
 Harvest Moon
 Ok I ' v been a `` Harvest Moon '' fan for like my whole video game playing life , and this was the best one yet . After the most horrible Harvest Moon game they came out with -LRB- Harvest Moon save the homeland -RRB- its about time they came up with some good ones . I got this game for X-mas along with `` Animal Crossing '' -LRB- which I do n't really like -RRB- and I was completely taken by it . I think they should come up with a Harvest Moon game for the older kids ... like a PG 13 . -LRB- All the older players probably agree with me -RRB- But I thought this one was pretty funny ... . I cracked up when Muffy said she got dumped again by a married man . I am yet to conplete the game , but I hav n't got tired of it yet ... My only complaint is
 Yes this game is really a must have . All the glitches are fixed and the characters are much more developed , especially the guys . Plus there are so many more options that make this game so appealing . I think that you must have had played the original to appreciate this one.But this game is excelent to girls 10 and up cool game . Also the boys are cool too . You or your kid can choose between 3 people that other girls are fight you for.Rock - he 's a party dude he dose n't like work but if you get to know him he 's cool and fun to be around . His rival is a 12 year old girl named Lumina . -LRB- pesonaly he 's my favorite okay -RRB- He is also the easiest.Gustafa - He 's your average hippie but he likes flowers and stuff.He 's medium . His rival is a red headed girl named nami . -LRB- he 's okay but his child looks weird . -RRB- Marlin - He 's very closed and cold to anyone execpt Celia . So it 's hard to get his atention . -LRB- he 's not my favorite but i like his kid . -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- I think this game rox buy it and see.This is a great seris and is like a realistic fiction but it gives you a break from a hard day it actually relives my stress so much i like it . If you ar n't a blod and gore type of girl then check this game out .
 This game is really cute and addictive , and also somehow fun . You would n't think a game about farming would be fun , but it is . This one is `` now targeted for girl players ! '' I thought all the games were targeted for girl players , but anyway . I do n't think it 's neccessarily for kids , though . This opinion is based mostly on the cow mating scene -LRB- it cracks me up , but I would n't want to have to explain that to a kid -RRB- and some of the more adult-themed jokes in it . Also , yes , the guy selection is pretty narrow and crappy , but you 'll get over it . I really like the entire harvest moon series and was very happy they came out with one where you get to be a girl . Now if you can only have a daughter instead of a son ...
 Harvest Moon is fun for all ages , but has some typos . Example : when your trying to buy a sheep it will say `` Mae only '' . -LRB- Mae is male -RRB- I like this game because you basicly crate your own life ! I 'm still reseaching if HAVE to marry Celia , Muffy , or Nami.Good characteristics : - > You can be a farmer , rancher , or both . - > You can have friends that give you things in exchange for you giveing them gifts . - > Cows give birth -LRB- if you have a male cow that 's old enough -RRB- and milk . - > If you have Harvest Moon
 Bought this for my husband and grandkids , but hubby likes it the best . Its very intertaining . Goes into much more depth than the first one . Package was delivered just as ordered . Would buy from seller again .
 The game I got was great no problems it even got here early . Thank you = ^ . ^ =
 my daughter loves these games . She ca n't wait to find anther one . She plays this game at least once a day .
 This is a very educational game ... I am speechless about this game get it and you 'll love it .
 keeps the kids really busy on long trips ! Hooks up to Another Wonderful life for an expansion to the game cube game .
 Harvest Moon Another Wonderful Life is a very good game and I recommend it to everyone ! You will enjoy playing this game !
 This game ROCKS !! I love it ! It 's so much fun ! Natsume should make more Harvest Moon games !
 the game is almost the same as the other one but with a teist its a girl the are some differant stuff but not to much same town its can be funer than the first one i liked it so ill give it a 4 but needs new towns people
 It COULD have been great !! This Game is worth the trouble . -LRB- but it will also take out a huge chunk of your life . -RRB- Below may contain spoilers for some people and fair warning to others . Decide which you are before continueing.I have to begin by admitting that I this is really the first game that held my attention to the end . These games usually bore me but there is n't that much out there that appeals to a girl.I also did not play the other games that are mentioned in these reviews.I am first going to complain about the game and then tell you why it is worth buying.First of all , I would never want any teenage girl of mine to play it . She might subconciously pick up the idea that she should expect and accept this kind of treatment in life . -LRB- I hope that is n't the idea ! -RRB- If you are n't in the know already , If you do n't like any of the three choices for husband . . and if you refuse the really lame excuse for a proposal at the end of the first year . . -LRB- Usually Rock cause he likes everybody . -RRB- The game ends ! Without warning except an inadequate one tucked into the documentation.No matter HOW successful you have made the farm in that year you get kicked off without your horse , without anything but the backpack you wore in . End of story , no do-overs unless you were wise enough to keep another game saved before that point . -LRB- To be fair , I hear the male version does the same things . -RRB- I tried again and married Marlin . . just because he seemed the least annoying of the three dreamboats . To do this , you have to pursue HIM . . showering him with gifts even though he is obviously in love with another woman.You are cute , a hard worker and have your own farm . . but you can not change this . He will not notice you till you buy his attention with lots of gifts.He treats you a little better after you bribe him , choose the most ingratiating option every time he asks you something and then propose to him . He grudgingly accepts . -LRB- SO romantic ! -RRB- After you are married , he even says a couple of sweet things . . -LRB- About what a hard worker you are ! -RRB- but can be suddenly insulting no matter how well you cook or how perfectly you keep the farm or how sweetly you treat him . You ca n't change this . -LRB- If you marry him . . do n't go to the Fall Festival . He will humiliate you in public . You have been warned . -RRB- It is suggested that he works on the farm . . but he does n't do anything really but wander around looking morose and complaining how he ca n't help . If he ever feeds or waters anything , I never noticed it.The child that you have after you have done all this you better enjoy while he is a cute little baby ... -LRB- I 'm wif mommy ! -RRB- cause that is the most fun he ever is . I understand that if you cuddle and play with him enough at that stage then the next chapter when he is a little boy he will treat you better , and the one after that when he is a teenager . . he gives you the minimum of static.The strange thing I noticed , is that although -LRB- Unlike your husband -RRB- you are given a button to push to give him a hug . Every time you do he tells you in no uncertain terms and often rudely to stop it.I was fully expecting and looking forward to the chapter when he is grown and presumably has attained a tiny bit of maturity and can accept an occasional hug from his hard working mother . . in VAIN ! He NEVER wants you to show affection to him again . Except , like his father , he will accept gifts on occasion . . if you find something he likes and approach him when he is in the mood.At least he helps out a little bit in a real way . . but mostly he moons around . You ca n't change any of that either . The game ends when you die . Presumably , you dropped dead from hard work . Your husband , unsurprisingly , lives on to enjoy his grandchildren . He is in good shape because he never did any work.If this sounds like fun to you . . GO for it ! You are gon na love this game.The cut scenes that you trigger by going somewhere at the right time are sometimes funny . . but usually they are rather . . pointless and kind of weird.I attribute most of this to bad translations from the Japanese or maybe some cultural differences that do n't carry over . But they often leave you scratching your head and saying . . `` huh ? `` My virtual son said a few really strange things . The most perplexing is when as a grown man he sometimes looked at my virtual self with this strange expression that I do n't remember seeing any other time on his face . . he is blushing furiously and he says . . `` You should start thinking about learning the joys of being a woman ! well , maybe . `` What the heck does that mean ? Even taking into consideration bad translations and culture differences . . I ca n't imagine this is an appropriate thing for a man to say to his mother.Anyway , the reason that I recommend this game is that it is incredibly beautiful . Your farm overlooks the ocean , is near a magic wood and a lovely waterfall where you can dig for an archeologist . -LRB- in your copious spare time between feeding and caring for cows , watering the crops and trying to get enough sleep . -RRB- The wind and weather change from day to day . The grass in your field blows with the breeze . . the shadows change as the sun comes up and there is a beautiful sunset that you should take time to watch . The seasons change . . the trees turn color and lose their leaves in winter . . The moon changes phases and moves across the sky -LRB- Even casting a moving moonshadow if it is full enough . -RRB- The stars come out and change , clouds drift overhead bringing rainstorms and snowstorms and the ocean and surf is lovely and peaceful.You can ride your horse on the beach -LRB- I wish it had been a longer one -RRB- and there is even a little jump course set up . I thought the background style fit the characters very well and was a work of art in itself.The animals are lots of fun to care for and manage . . -LRB- And the sequence when the helper gives the cow the `` Miracle Potion '' so she will have a calf is very funny . . not terribly misleading but not informative either . -RRB- I enjoyed this game despite the terrible and rather depressingly thankless relationship with boyfriend , husband and child . If the people who wrote this game could write a halfway decent little romance this would do better I think . -LRB- HIRE somebody ! -RRB- And give this poor girl more and better choices then a hippie , a lazy playboy , and an introverted jerk!Play the game anyway . It 's really pretty and amusing .
 I love this game because it is very FUN ! Why ? Well i 'll tell you.In this game you come to a farm after your father died , at the farm is his best friend , he helps you the first few days . In the `` farm '' it 's not all a farm it 's a town , but you live on a farm . On your farm you can get TONS of animals . You start off getting a dog and cow , then you can get a horse , sheep , chicken , rooster , bull , and when get to new chapers -LRB- there are 6 chapters -RRB- you can have a better chioce of animals.For example , when you get to chapter 2 you have a goat . O.K lets talk about the people.There are many people in the town , and they all have VERY different personallities . Even though there are lots boys in town you can only have the choice of wooing 1 of 3 men . IF you choose not to woo , your game will end at the end of the first chapter . And by the way ... in this game you have to be a girl.I would go on more but i do n't want to spoil the game!Thanks for listening to my review !
 Another Wonderful Life is great , probably a better game then the guy version . Cite the fact it 's kind of awkward playing as a girl character when you 're a guy in my opinion.My two favorite male characters for the female main character are Rock and Marlin . It 's easier to influence your character 's son to be a Farmer if you pair your female character with Marlin , though.Money-making is simple in both games , but this one might be better because it has Heaven Mode , a sort-of free play.One thing I would 've liked to know before ordering this game is why getting feed for animals requires Fertilizer ? Sure you start with a cow and some feed , but it makes it harder to keep the animals alive .
 This is my favorite video game of all time!I am a die-hard Harvest Moon fan and I have 10 of the games . This is the best game I have EVER seen.-Beautiful scenery ! It takes your breath away.-amazing characters . The townspeople in this game are realy great ! -LRB- My favorites are Nami , Gustafa , Flora , Lumina , MukuMuku , Kate , Nina , Muffy , Celia , and Rock -RRB- - Wonderful music ! - Item design is more detailed-more buildings on your farm-You can change the outfits of th heroine-The animals are adorable-The perspective of the game is good ... The list of pros goes on and on ...
 Harvest Moon Another Wonderful Life lets you take control of a female farmer , you take care of farm animals , grow crops , get married and even have a son and watch him grow into an adult ! . It is a slow and long game so if you prefer action packed adventures this probably wo n't be the game for you . However for those that do enjoy slow paced sim games this is great , the gameplay is very addictive and the game is never too easy nor too hard . It is n't the best Harvest Moon in the series but it is a must have for any fan of the series .
 This game is very fun but lacks in activities you can do . For instance , it does n't have any vast caves to explore for ores nor does it have any village interaction for festivities . You only get to choose from 3 bachelors . And most of all you have to continuously fertilize and water more than once a day to have a crop grow . Besides these aspects the rest can be fun like taking care of your animals . Riding your horse . Wearing different outfits . Playing records . Most fun is the cooking . I also especially like the mirror mirror on the wall . Hope this helps someone out on buying this . If you like Harvest Moon games then you will want this as a must have to your collection . If you like fishing then you most definitely need to get River King from these creators . I really love it .
 Good Things-You age and eventually die-You can have a kid and influence his career-You can marry someone-You can become friends with the townspeople-The townspeople have different personalities-You can see yourself going into a different part of the town unlike Save the Homeland-There is different seasons and weather-You have a cowbell to call your animals in and out of the barn , unlike Save the Homeland-The boys all like someoe else , so it 's interesting to watch-There is a lot of places to fish , also unlike Save the Homeland-When you exit Carters dig , it stops raining -LRB- if it was raining -RRB- - The horse rolls in the dirt -LRB- its funny to watch -RRB- - You can change and buy clothes-There 's alot of cutscenes - Vesta 's farm generates electricity using windmills and its cool-You can train your dogThe Bad Things-You are forced to marry someone or the game ends-You always have a son -LRB- why ca n't you have a daughter instead ? -RRB- - There is only 3 different people to marry-Rock is too easy to marry-The town is really small-When you link to your gameboy , you do n't go to somewhere else , like animal crossing , and my friend and i where a little disappoiinted cause we were expecting to get to go to Mineral Town-You ca n't go into the ocean-The cow only gives one milk when you milk him-You do n't have the Very Fertile Field anymore ! =-LRB- - You 're stuck in Forget-Me-Not Valley-There is only 10 days in a month and only 4 months in a year -LRB- whats up with that ? -RRB- - The cow only gives milk for a certain amount of time-You ca n't grow sweet potatoes anymore -LRB- It 's not that much of a loss though -RRB- - Chris and Wally always go to Mineral Town so if you want to give tham something or talk to them , you have to plan very carefully-Nina dies , and she was so nice , I really liked her-People walk through other people and it 's kinda freaky-Tim hardly ever goes out of the Inner Inn-Some poeple may not know when an event is and then they might miss it-You ca n't have the lizard or turtle-It would be fun if your horse could have offspring-You ca n't pick what gender of horse you want-The goat only produces milk for a certain period of time-The pond is really stupid , it justs takes up room in your field-You have to put fertilizer in your field ! - The music can get quite boring and you only get new music if you link to More FOMT-There is no harvest goddess-At one point the harvest sprites say that if you do n't fish in the spring then a harvest goddess might come and if someone dose n't know that you ca n't ever have a harvest goddess than it might lead them to stop fishing in the spring in hope that a harvest goddess that dose n't exist might come-You ca n't really tell which is the bathroom and wich is the shower when you get a kitchen-Murrey sometimes steals from the food storage so im always afraid to put something in there-The shows on the TV are really boringOverall this game is really quite fun even though it could be better in some things . I like that it 's so close to real life and that you have to be responsible for animals and crops if you want them to live and the townspeople ask you questions that you have a choice in what you say . I would definately suggest getting this game if you have n't already .
 way better than a wonderful life boy version i just love it i totally recommend it if u like harvest moon games !
 It 's a spin off of ' a wonderful life ' but for a girl . If you play hm games like I do -LRB- I own just about all of them -RRB- then you know what to expect . If this is your first hm game then you may be a little slow at first.Imo
 i remember many a late night playing harvest moon games yeah i remember all the great ones the original n64 game and back to nature the game boy games but lately the games have been getting boring like save the homeland it didint have a marridge and the last wonderful life was good but lacked things this game has good things its intresting that ur charecter eventaully dies but id prefer playing as a boy also this has all the same charecters as the last one and the villedge is small they should have put the option in that u could pick to be a boy or girl it would have been easy to put an option like that in i hope that they will make a game that combines all the strong points of the searies but until then this game has many good featyres that will keep u entertained -LRB- but they should have had the option to be a boy ! -RRB-
 it does n't matter how old you are or how young it just matters of how this game will elolve over time also again with the 2 controller in the third slot press z for 99 of every time in the game even hybrid seeds and fruit some items come under 99 though like milk but the game is fun and if you need any help with the game email me
 It however is incomplete without Harvest Moon More Friends of Mineral town.I did enjoy playing as a female farmer mainly because I 'm female.I love Harvest Moon a Wonderful Life but I 'm giving it to my brother !
 PSU is a great game by Sega . The story mode is wonderfully done and keeps you wanting to play more . The online mode is also great as it picks up from where the story ends at . Sega has also put in a exta mode for more fun when you are done with the story mode .
 I really did n't know what to expect when it came to PSU . I never played a game developed entirely in Japan and then converted to the English Language but I like SCI-FI so I thought I would give it a try.First you 'll notice the the Japanese graphics as colarful and alive . The level design was small at first but opened up as you explore different regions -LRB- planets -RRB- in the galaxy.Their only voice acting is the cut-sceens and then text in the form of pop up like in comics coming from the charactors that you will find hitting the Enter button is the best way to stear through them.This game is the closest to come in years from the Jedi Knight series . You 'll receive a sword that looks like the Light Sabors from Star Wars and the effects from combat with the various foes is just down-right breath taking as your light sword leaves trials of light swirling around you as you swing your sword . The lazer guns and photon are also cool with bright greens and reds streaming arossed the battle field.The story is a bit cheesy and reminds me of Advent Rising but in Japanese version so if you played that game than this will seem all too familar . You play as a young punk kid that losses his sister in an attack on your races colony and must find/rescue her . That 's in the very beinging and the sotry mode spans 12 chapters I believe in all . After the fourth you can unlock extra mode which is basically Network mode but offline as you can take free missions you earn from defeating bosses in story mode and can select a party as well from cards you will aquire.If you like a good sci-fi story and do n't mide a weak but rewarding story that seems all to familar and hints on it 's Japanese roots then PSU will surely please you but take this in consideration it will be hard to find a game out now or from the past that has more colorful effects and graphics in general as PSU offers !
 This is one of the best games in the Phantasy Star series . I love this game as much as Final Fantasy . This game is difinitely more action RPG than the previous series . This game can played offline or online .
 This is a great game but I 've been having trouble getting it running on my PC . My PC uses windows 7 and their log on software just is n't compatible . It took some wrangling to get it going but once I got started it runs great .
 I bought this game for my siblings because we love to play the portable version on the PSP and the Xbox 360 . It 's great fun with a big party and we spend hours goofing off together . However , none of us can take this game seriously and we all make fun of it 's story . In my opinion , this is n't the game for you if you are into the more serious RPG 's that you can actually really get into and feel the game and it 's characters . But if you love a fun game to just goof on and slaughter a TON of monsters with your buddies , then definitely get this one for your collection ! The only problem we had was that it refused to run on my brother 's computer . The reason is unknown for it worked on everyone 's computer except his and it did n't really tell us why it would n't run . It installed perfectly and would boot to the main screen and then quit when he tried to play it .
 I really have enjoyed this game . There is a lot to do although it can be repetative , but that doesnt bother me . Its great to go in and kick some butt , great for stress ! : -RRB-
 Sonic 06 is a very underrated gem of a game.It is flawed with a bad story and uninspired final boss , however . But the gameplay is more of an accomplishment . It is not the best sonic game ever -LRB- Sonic Unleashed takes that title -RRB- , but it is nowhere near as bad as Sonic Genesis GBA -LRB- that is one of the worst games of all time -RRB- , and while it is unfinished , it is still an amazing game . Despite its overall flawful story and some marred difficulty , It is worth getting , unlike SGGBA and is undeserving of the title of the worst Sonic game ever .
 I 've heard and read a lot over the internet about all the commentaries andcomplaints about how bad this sonic game is . All the finest details of what is wrong with the game that when the sonic team created it in the end caused it to end up as such a bad game that it took sega 's name and dragged it down into the ground through the earth 's core . This game was actually meant to celebrate sega 's anniversary . But because of a lot of very important other things they had to get ready and important things they have already been busy with the sonic team did not have enough timeto make a successful job out of it . They really had to fight against timeto get the game finnished on time . Basicly , from a certain point of view in my opinion the game is n't so bad as most people say it is . The graphicsare very well done in my opinion as well as the colours . They blend in very well . I do n't expect things to look like the real world as if the background of forests , grass plains , buildings , waterfalls , lakes etc. areactually real photo 's that 's been taken and films that 's been made of certain places to use as backgrounds . I can deal with losing lives everynow and then and starting over . I 'll go on trying because I know it ispossible to get past that level , I must just work out a way to get past it because there may be several ways to get past it . Even if I must do it several days over and over I 'll still go on trying untill I succeed . Thereis a very old Afrikaans saying that says , `` The one who keeps on trying will win ! '' The over and over loading hardly bothers me . I 'm not in a rushto finnish the game . I 'll admit there are several things that bothers me too about this game . 1
 Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good , excelente . .
 This game is awesome . It 's easy to figure out and the people on the game will also help you go the right direction .
 it is exactly what was described would gladly buy it again if I needed it , am very happy with it
 Just bought this game and so far it 's pretty good . The speed at which Sonic moves still blows my mind . The only gripe I have is the camera angles which can sometimes get in the way . Other than that , it 's very fun to play .
 This game is awesome I just got a ps3 for christmas and also bought this game for my ps3 . I would definitely recommend this game to all sonic fans .
 Why are so many people complaining about minor issues like the camera and loading times ? LOADING TIMES AND CAMERAS ARE N'T THE ENTIRE GAME , PEOPLE !!! I picked this up at Gamestop yesterday used , so I could return it if I hated it like most of the rest of the world . Did I hate it ? NO , OF COURSE NOT !!! This game is AWESOME ! It finally goes back to some of its older roots . Multiple playable characters , extras ... It 's totally sweet.Graphics
 The game is set in Soleanna , the beautiful city of water . In his first adventure set in the human world , Sonic meets a beautiful princess named Elise , whom he quickly befriends , but Princess Elise is abducted by none other than the calculating Dr. Eggman who is working under dark and sinister motives , to destroy this special kingdom of hers . In order to restore safety and serenity , Sonic must maneuver his way through a series of adventures and challenges where he will encounter and interact with a bevy of allies and enemies , and ultimately go head to head against the menacing doctor to thwart his malicious plans . Along the way , Sonic encounters a mysterious character named Silver . Blocking him with unique supernatural powers , even the Blue dude with ` tude will find it difficult to out-maneuver the enigmatic Silver ! As Sonic speeds through the huge kingdom , the mysteries unravel.Sonic The Hedgehog melds top-tier animation production values with next generation art , physics and game design to create the most intense , high velocity Sonic adventure yet ! Featuring interactive 3D environments , a large cast of new and returning characters , and a blistering sense of speed , get ready for the reinvention of Sonic The HedgehogI got the game from Gamestop and was very happy . Most glitchs from The 360 version were fixed and the graphics are much better . If your just getting a PS3 and need a game to play pick up this one !
 Fianlly it 's here the best game ever SONIC THE HEDGEHOG !!! Man I waited forever to get this game and it 's fianlly here . I was very surprised that Blaze The Cat returned with Silver in the game though . When I saw the preview I just knew I had to get the game . I was kinda disspointed in the previous Sonic Riders game due to the fact you could n't really battle anybody but thats all over now . The game is full of bosses including the great Sonic VS Silver battle ! There is nothing bad about the game not even all the loading screans bother me and you can change the camra in the game Gamespot just lied to all of you pepole if you read there review about the game . I also was happy that the game had more than just action stages beacuase you can also go into the town and do Missions my favroite is Vs Sonic Man beacuase some werido thinks hes Sonic and you have to race him and it is funny ! All my friends love Sonic and some of them owen the game -LRB- One of them has the Xbox360 version -RRB- and they all loved it . Deffintly reccomended even if you do n't know what Sonic is . Now that you 've read this Click On the ADD TO CART button and order this game now !
 Despite the awful reviews , this remains one of my favorite video games of all time . I got the game in 2006 for the Xbox 360 and have recently purchased it again for my latest console , the PS3 . I do n't know how it differs on PS3 -LRB- it most likely does n't -RRB- but on X360 I used to have so much fun on this game , even on multiplayer . I do remember a few glitches , but they 're not awful considering the quality of the game . It 's a great game ; ignore the other reviewers , and you 'll be fine .
 I love Sonic soooooooo much and brought the game right after it came out ! I have Need For Speed , Call Of Duty 3 , Mobile Suit Gundam -LRB- Stay Away -RRB- for my PS3 however this game is the best ! The only bad thing is the loading times in the game but besides that its a good game ! Sonic looks extra good in the game but they could have worked some more on Shadows graphics . I liked the his world song alot and love the level Crisis City even thought it 's really hard . I reccomend this game to all PS3 owners unless your dumb and only like bad games!P.S . SONIC RULZ !
 So far I have played most of the three charactersLots of fun stuff to do and great story . Graphics rock as does the sound and levels . Do n't listen to people who hate as they are older fans where as the game is geared to new players of Sonic.The controls are a bit hard to get at first for younger gamers where as they are easy for older . Once you get the hang of it you are ready to play this great game . The more you progress the more ways the game gives you to destroy your enemies . With the small Town Missions plus Levels and Bosses and a whole 3 character episodes to play you will be waiting for the next level to be open . Also with the whole of the cast as playable characters there is lots to do.The story has been greatly written and makes you want to see and hear more . As you continue to play and watch and listen to the story you will find you want more of the story told.So my advice is if you want to be careful rent it first but if you get the real game learn the control and then watch and listen to the story.Don ' t listen to what others say and think for yourself.HAVE FUN !!!!
 First of all let me start out by saying that long time Sonic fans gave poor reviews for this game only because this game does not represent the typical Sonic crash boom bang which fans like . Now I have played several Sonic games right from the 90s and this game in my opinion , is the best cross between the speed of Sonic and the marvels of a modern gaming platform like the PS3.So here are the pros and cons summarized : + The game actually has a great story , with 3 characters and the stories are interlinked . This makes it a lot of fun when you finish playing levels for one character and move on to the next one . + The graphics , backgrounds and music is top notch . The opening cutscene makes me emotional every time I see it , at the time Sonic enters + The game is HARD at several levels and there are no saves in between so some levels like DUSTY DESERT will take you a long time to complete -LRB- provided you do not cheat -RRB- , which I like + The add-on hard levels and the End Of the World levels are very very good and difficult , a very enjoyable experience - There were some bugs when the game was released but after a couple of updates on the PS3 -LRB- which is so cool -RRB- , there are none - Not a typical Sonic game , but that 's not really a con - Spped run still has some issues -LRB- I think -RRB- but its VERY VERY difficult -LRB- which is fun in a way -RRB- So my dear Sonic fans , I absolutely loved playing this game and can play it many many times . So go get this one and you wo n't regret it!I am itching to get my hands onSonic Generations , which was just released and will get it as soon as I have some money to spend on games . I will tell you how it fares once I play it !
 I love Sonic games . This one is a little different than the other ones I have played . It seems a little convoluted in the city , when you have to interact with people in the streets . However , once the level begins it is the same fun , fast paced , heart pumping Sonic all over again . I really enjoy the two-player coop mode in this version . I wish they could integrate online coop mode with the game .
 So , I read all the bad reviews , and hesitantly bought the game . I thought `` Surely it 's not as bad as everyone says . '' Turns out I was right . I played through the whole story mode , with a minimum of three to five glitches . To be honest , this had one of the best plots and storylines Sonic The Hedgehog has ever had . The Sonic Episode was a little cheesy , but the Shadow and Silver make up for that.Oh , and the loading times ... Horrid . They made me sick . You sit there four at least five to fifteen seconds , get a two second cut scene , get another five to fifteen second wait , loads the level.Graphics - Not bad , but far from the Playstation 3 's potential.Gameplay - Same old same old . Oh , wait , there was Shadow 's unique air time hand combat , and his Chaos form . Oh , and Silver 's Psychokinesis was far from the normal Sonic gameplay.Storyline - As I said , one of the best.As for the glitches , I got flung to an early death a few times , as well as continually bouncing off the water where I am suppose to die . But other then that , there were n't many huge problems.Great game , and for Eight dollars , how can you not buy it ? If you like Sonic , I say , no questions asked , buy it . If you are sort of ` It looks interesting , but I dunno ... ' Play SA2B , SADX , or something like that , THEN get Shadow The Hedgehog , Sonic The Hedgehog , Sonic Heroes , etc. .
 Personally , I did n't mind the load times , in fact they did n't seem long to me . The story was very dark compared to most others , but that added to the effect of wanting to destroy the final boss . Besides , the exclusive villains were truly evil , not Saturday morning cartoon cheesy , actual evil . Do n't get me wrong I like the simple stories of the Genesis era , but I also like stories that can be psychological . Charles K Ziese , who was Guinness Booked in the Gamer 's Edition 2012 said , `` I am the points champion of Sonic The Hedgehog and a loyal supporter of SONIC THE HEDGEHOG , '' which like me implies that like me , he is open-minded to games being different than they were 20 or 30 years ago . I did not notice many glitches , Silver 's gameplay was fresh for me , something different . This game was much better than the brainwashing reviews out there . If you can look past some once in a blue moon glitches and accept the load times , you might have a thrill-ride .
 I really like this game . It is very exciting and very entertaining . I especially like how there are three different story modes , one for each hedgehog . The ONLY thing which drives me crazy is the load time . You have to wait over a minute each time you enter a new place , even if you have already been there . Also , for missions , you accept the mission , LOAD , get the instructions on the mission , and with `` Ready , Go ! '' , you get to load again for a minute ! A complete waste of time . Other than that , this game is awesome
 I know a lot of people hate and hate and hate on this game because of the load time , the inconvenient camera , and tons and tons of other aggravating problems . But maybe If you can just look past those then you can find an excellent game well wort the price . The story is excellent and the graphics are outstanding .
 its one of the best sonic games before they started to screw him up with a sword and junk but of coarse it does not compare to the old sonic games but its one of the best ones . and if u like this go check out MGS 4 but any way BEST GAME EVER ! ive played loads of games killzone 2 , metal gear solid 4 , burn zombie burn , PAIN , and the old sonic games for gamecube . best game ever
 I do n't know why these people hate on this game so much this sonic game is probabley the best sonic game I ever played its way better than the dreamcast sonic games so I give this game 5 stars the missons on the game are difficult but challenging this game is real good espcially that you get to play with the great sonic as well as silver new character and shadow too .
 This game was awesome . Great graphics . Exellent sense of speed . Its the greatest sonic game ever . The camera angles were ` nt as bad as people say . You just got ta have quick eyes . The only major problem is that the controls dont work IMMEDIATELY ! So you might press the jump button and he wont jump till about a second and a half later . That will get you killed when you 're getting ambushed . But , very cool game .
 I love this game theres so much to do in it and its fun . Get it now !
 I really like this game beacuase not only can you play as Sonic you can also play as other charecters like Shadow and Silver and short apprences by other Charecters . I think this game is alot better than that Resistence game that has no point at all and is just mindless dumb war stuff . Im going to play this game right now and you should buy it too if you like Sonic !
 SONIC ARRIVES ON THE P.S. 3 . AND 360 AT LAST!I FOUND THE GRAPHICS TO BE ASTOUNDING , WHILE OTHERS SAY IT HAS POOR GRAPHICS BUT , WHO REALLY CARES ABOUT GRAPHICS?IF THE GAME HAS POOR GRAPHICS IT 'S USSALY FUN LIKE THE KINGDOM HEARTS GAMES , IF IT HAS GREAT GRAPHICS IT 'S USUALLY BLAH!SHORT , BORING , AND BARELY ANY EXCITEMENT.ANYWAY , WHAT HAPPENS IS THERE 'S A RITUAL HAPPENING AT THE CITY OF SOLEANA AND EGGMAN AND HIS NEWEST ROBOTS ARRIVE TO KIDNAP PRINCESS ELISE!BEFORE YOU KNOW IT SONIC COMES TO THE RESCUE BUT , IS HE TOO LATE FOR ONCE?AS YOU PROGESS YOU WILL UNLOCK SHADOW , AND SILVER.SHADOW 'S STORY IS TO RESCUE ROUGE WITH THE HELP OF OMEGA AND STOP THE EVIL NEW VILLIAN MEPHILES THE DEMON . -LRB- CREATED BY KING DUKE.WHO WAS KILLED BY MEPHILES 10 YEARS AGO . -RRB- SILVER 'S STORY STARTS 200 HUNDREAD YEARS IN THE FUTURE WHERE HE AND BLAZE ARE TRICKED BY MEPHILES INTO THINKING HE 'S THE IBLIS TRIGGER . -LRB- THE ONE WHO RELEASES IBLIS THE LAVA DEMON SO MEPHILES CAN COMBINE WITH HIM AND BECAME SOLARIS -RRB- THEY GO TO SONIC 'S TIME TO STOP HIM BUT , WHEN BLAZE IS N'T HELPING SILVER AMY IS.WHEN AMY DISCOVERS WHAT SILVER IS UP TO SHE FLEES TO WARN HER DARLING.SO SONIC SETS OFF WITH TAILS AND KNUCKLES TO RESCUE ELISE FROM EGGMAN , SHADOW -LRB- AS A G.U.N. SOLDIER -RRB- SETS OFF TO RESCUE ROUGE FROM EGGMAN , AND WITH THE HELP OF ROUGE AND OMEGA TO PUT MEPHILES BACK IN THE SCEPTOR OF DARKNESS , AND SILVER SETS OFF WITH BLAZE AND AMY TO PREVENT SONIC FROM RELEASING IBLIS FOR MEPHILES TO BECOME SOLARIS.FIND OUT HOW AND WHY SONIC RELEASES IBLIS , HOW SOMEONE GETS KILLED , HOW MEPHILES RULES THE PAST , PRESENT , AND FUTURE , AND WHAT HAPPENS TO SHADOW IN THE FUTURE.JOIN THE LARGE CAST OF SONIC , FRIENDS , AND FOES TO SAVE TIME AS WE KNOW IT ! -LRB- THIS GAME TAKES PLACE BEFORE SONIC RUSH -RRB-
 I rented this game because everyone said it was terrible . Yet I had to buy it as soon as I returned it . This game is incredibly fun ! Yet it does have its issues . Load times are horrible and there are a few glitches . Yet I had no hard time with the camera . The graphics are ok and switch from good to ok quite frequently which gets annoying . The story gets really good but has a really slow begining which you have to force your self to get through . Overall this game is pretty good with only a few issues . I give it an 8.5 and would recommend it .
 This game has some huge glitches and lots of frame rate drop . But I expect these things from sonic since adventure 1 . Really all they had to do was patch this game and it woulda been a fine game . Sonic is hard to work with in the parts where he runs forward really fast cause sometimes when you tried to turn a little it would do a complete turn and run off the edge . Other then that all 3 characters are fun to play . I did n't pay much attenion to the story since I never really liked the stories in sonic cause they 're to kidish for me . Its worth playing for the low price of it . I got it at gamestop for $ 8 .
 I was interested in seeing for myself how this game was so I bought it last week from Amazon . I was pleasantly suprised that it was not as bad as the official reviews said . Yes , there are a lot of loading times when starting missions , before cutscenes , etc. . Although they are a nuisance and require waiting for several seconds , it does n't detract from the gameplay . The controls could have been more fine tuned , there are times where you can lose lives unecessarily because you fell from a railing that Sonic is sliding down -LRB- The Crisis City level comes to mind -RRB- . I have also experienced some slowdowns when you are fighting a lot of enemies on screen.As for the good , the music in this game ranks among the best I have heard in a Sonic game . The composer did a great job with the character , level and boss themes . The graphics are also very good . I think the story is also a strong point where you can play as Sonic , Silver and Shadow and progress the plot from their perspective . The cutscenes are amazing and make it look like you are watching a movie.I definetly think the game is playable despite the shortcomings . They are things that are annoying and do n't happen all the time , but it was something that I wish Sega had addressed . If Sega had , I think this game would have sold more copies and have been ranked better in the critics ratings .
 This game is ideal for an adult and his daughter . I bought this game after my daughter came home with her mom -LRB- on a girly vacation -RRB- and we loved it . There were flying rings , Sonic , Tails , Shadow , and Silver . There were great adventures between my young padawan and I. But , there was some errors . The game 's always loading . WE have to wait like 10 minutes before the game starts . Other than that , I did n't see any flaws . 4 years later , my girl still plays it . It does n't get boring . Buy this game dads , and spend quality time with your daughters -LRB- or sons , but have the patience ! :-RRB- -RRB-
 As one of the earlier games to come out for the PS3 , onecan tell that the gameplay needs improvement . The play controlis quite horrendous ; moving Sonic around in story mode and changingthe camera view can be difficult.In my opinion , what saves the game from disaster is that the storylineof the game is balanced and entertaining . One can tell that the gamedesigners spent some time on that and on the CGI animation throughoutthe course of the game.As a result , the game gets 4 stars . The game 's kind of old and it 's beenout for a few years . But , it 's playable and still nice for people ofall ages .
 For the longest time , I heard nothing but nightmares about this game , and I finally decided that I had to see for myself if this was the worst game of all time . To my surprise , it was n't all that bad . Is this game the best sonic game ? No , it probably is one of the worse ones , but that does n't make it a actually fun game . I have played the sonic series since I was a kid with a sega genesis and I have fond memories about playing sonic 3 and knuckles . This game brings in speed in Sonic 's playthrough and I found it satisfying . I can tell that the game is rushed and does have some bugs , but I found the overall gameplay fun . Perhaps the thing I liked best about this game was the story . Many people hate it because of the new romance that is in the game , and I do n't like that either , but I still love the overall story of the game . Some levels were hard and I was stuck on them for a while -LRB- the last mission -RRB- , and some of the controls can be hard to use . I overall rate this game at a 4/5 , it does have its flaws , but people really underrated this game . I would suggest that you try out this game if you are a sonic fan , especially if you can get a good price on it .
 This is A very fun game . I love the way you can Be the three Hedgehogs Sonic Shadow and silver.But this game is very hard.When I got this game in the mail I thought it would be like A normal sonic game.But it was not ! Sometimes it is even hard to get to A leval !!! But I would still get this game .
 I like this game only cause I 'm a Sonic The Hedgehog fan . This 1 's much different from past Sonic games . Has lots of great sound & 3D gfx . Storyline 's interesting too . Not sure if I 'm used 2 Dr. Robotnik being called Eggman yet or the other notable changes but I 'm sure I 'll adapt pretty quick 2 all that . Game 's still fun but I 'm sure there 's better Sonic games available , like Sonic Unleashed 4 starters ... Still gets 4.5 stars & a positive review . : -RRB-
 If you 're a little older , then you remember how fun Sonic the Hedgehog was back in the day ! This is a perfect gift for an older gamer who still remembers Sonic , and the most affordable PS3 game around ! TWO THUMBS UP !
 So far I have played most of the three charactersLots of fun stuff to do and great story . Graphics rock as does the sound and levels . Do n't listen to people who hate as they are older fans where as the game is geared to new players of Sonic .
 This is the best Sonic game outthere at the moment and I would n't trust any 1 star reviews . I was very surprised by Sonics speed he can run superfast at certian points in a level and can even turn into a small sonic so he can run fast at times to . I do n't think the loadings a big deal just wait about 20secs and youll be playing . I also thought that the gameplay was good the controls are easy . But the best part of all is they fixed the glitchs from the Xbox360 version . Im deffintly getting anyother Sonic game that come out for the PS3 . I hope Sonic countiunes making good games . Overall Sonic makes a great return for the nextgenaration .
 This Sonic game promied to be true to it 's roots but its really like Sonic Adventure not that that 's a bad thing but it 's just that it looks like a reamke more than a new game the gameplay is fast enough to make you hurl up and the graphics are colorful and cute in their own distinguished mannner.However the Sound does ` nt really wow you it just makes you sit there and wonder why Steve Urkel is voicing Sonic in a Game the game isnt all that long but its fun and addictive and it 's multiplayer is also pretty cool
 `` Best in series '' 9.7 superbGameplay 9Graphics 10Sound 10Value 10Tilt 10By Alldin.Sonic The Hedgehog Is Back.My words about the game
 Sonic 15 -LRB- that 's what I call this game due to his 15th Birthday -RRB- is one of the greatest Sonic games ever . There 's lots of characters , speed and levels ! I like the idea of Sonic trying to save a princess , who is the damsel in distress . This game is awesome ! Do n't listen to those 1-star reviews ! Get this game ! I RECOMMEND IT !
 This game is fantastic just like the Sonic for the dreamcast system . Its just like the original sonic only better you can talk to people shop . Its not like sonic and the secret of the rings or sonic and the black knight where all you can go is one direction your forced to go that one direction which sucks . Here you can go whereever you want . Its a great game packed full of action . The graphics are incredible , the story is great . You really shouldnt let something like the camera angle or load times prohibit you from buying this game this game is great . Me personally I have no problem with the camera angle or the load times . Load times arent that long at all . Maybe its a problem with the particular system i dont know . But this game is fun and a true sonic fan should buy it to see for themselves whether they like it or not .
 Sonic the Hedgehog -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is the BEST Sonic game ever made ! It has the most epic story , the coolest graphics Sonic ever raced through and the most memorable characters from Sonic history . I 'll admit the stages are tricky , but you get the hang of them once you go through them at once . Plus , this game has one of the most awesome soundtracks of any Sonic game -LRB- my favorite song of all time being `` His World '' -RRB- . So do n't believe what people say when they give this game less than 2 stars . They ca n't see past these so-called `` faults '' to truly appreciate this game.I give it a 5 star rating . In fact , this game was the reason I even bought the PS3 in the first place ! : D
 I do n't know why these people hate on this game so much this sonic game is probabley the best sonic game I ever played its way better than the dreamcast sonic games so I give this game 5 stars the missons on the game are difficult but challenging this game is real good espcially that you get to play with the great sonic as well as silver new character and shadow too .
 Now I read alot of reviews for this game and I was worried about something I read that sonic can die from hitting a wall fast enough well thats a LOAD OF BULL.Only in 3 or 4 levels that CAN happen if you let it now to start this game is NOT FULL OF BUGS OR GLITCHES the loading time are not long I timed them and the longest one was 10 seconds only on 2 loading time.storyline 10/10 shadows was my favorite then sonic then silvers , shadows was about working for GUN and stoping mephiles the dark , sonics was about saving princess elise and stoping docter eggman , and silvers was about defeating the `` IBLIS TRIGGER '' and saving the future.music 10/10 IT is all catchy and very well done the only songs I didnt like were 2 about elise.Controles 9.5 / 10 were very easy except one level the the camera dosent work right but it is good everywhere else the homing attack was the best it has ever been and tails is not crazy while flying I didnt like silver not having a homing attack but I got used to it.Levels 10/10 every level was done very well no glitches except 1 some doors you can see behind doors for a split second.Graphics 10/10 when running in a forest you can see the grass blades being ripped up behind you and when you destroy a mech it blows up and the pieces are laying around for a short time and when you destroy a box the bits and pieces are laying around for a short time and when you lose rings the can get knocked around.Charecters 10/10 everyone was done very well I didnt HATE SONIC AND ELISES `` LOVE INTREST '' BUT IT WAS FUNNY and I liked that shadow didnt worry about hes past and the reforming of TEAM DARK.Cutscenes 110/100 elise looked like FF 13 charecters sonic looked more real than gameplay.TO close it it is my most favorite sonic game sega every made and every person who HATES THIS GAME IS EITHER A WOW NERD OR A ACTIVISION GAY !!!!!!!!!!!
 For those who are just getting into the world of graffiti , this is the game for you . Marc Ecko 's Getting Up is an excellent mix of the Grand Theft Auto series with the legendary Style Wars movie . Not only does the player get to tag all over the city , but also fight the CCK on his way to becoming a graffiti Legend . Trane , the main character , is exceptionally voiced by the rapper Talib Kweli . This is not a run-of-the-mill generic graffiti game , mind you . With talented figures such as T-KID , Futura2000 , COPE2 , CES , and OBEY supplying their skills , among many others , this game knows what graffiti is all about .
 Thank you ! Maybe I missed something when I read the description , but I was surprised when it came with the whole case and manual and everything ! Great game !! & it ; came within a week !
 GREAT GAME I USED TO PLAY BACK IN THE DAY , I CANT BELIEVE I FOUND IT ON AMAZON FOR CHEAP I LOVE IT
 I had been waiting forever for this game . Obviously i had to get the special limited editiion . I liked all the collectible items such as the Development black book , the silver sharpie and the music cd . The game was really awesome , i liked the way you can switch the outlines and graff you do , and how you can change the colors of the graff you decide to put up in the in-game black book . Another cool part is that a lot of famous grafiti artists and rap artists that helped out in this game . Overall this game really reminded me of myself and made me want to go out and paint ! It is also almost like an urban spider man with all the acrobatic moves and fighting you can do .
 When I heard Marc Ecko was being involved in a video game I quickly thought this game was not going to be great I 've liked the man 's past work and clothing line but now he wants to do a videogame ? naw . So I decided to give it a try and I have to say this game is really good , it went really past my expectations.You are Trane and a graf artist and you want to get your name up and get respect . You might think the graffiti is all you do in the game but it is not it has an innovative combat system -LRB- if you liked The Warriors you 're going to love this one -RRB- , it has Prince of Persia inspired acrobatics as you try to get to `` heaven spots '' to get your name up.As your progress through the game you unlock combo moves and you come across IPOD 's laying around the city to unlock songs and the soundtrack to the game has to be one of the best out there featuring Talib Kweli , Pack FM , Jane 's Addiction , Fort Minor , Rakim , Bloc Party , and many other great artists it even has Serj Tankian from System of a Down who contributed a remix of Notorious B.I.G. 's `` Who Shot Ya ? `` The game also has a stellar cast to do the voice acting such as Talib Kweli , Giovanni Ribisi , Charlie Murphy , Brittany Murphy , Andy Dick , and many more.Overall the game is great it really went over my expectations that i had . Marc Ecko really contributed something great to this game and it 's something different than many games out there . Seeing as it displays a Marc Ecko Games logo on the boxart it seems we could expect more great video games from this team and i ca n't wait .
 For those of you who do n't do graffiti like myself this is still an awesome game that everyone needs to check out . I bought it and i highly recommend it for the gameplay , the fighting techniques and the soundtrack adds an awesome dramatic elemnt to the game . The concept is so original and it 's about time that an original game not based on some comic book or movie comes out . i respect what they are doing and recommend for anyone over the legal age - whatever that is for this game .
 Incredible voice acting by Talib Kweli was the first thing i noticed about this addictive game . After gettin the hang of the fun combat system and tagging controls i could not put down the controller . New songs are continually opened up throughout the game from artists like Fort Minor and Rakim -LRB- which you can choose on your nifty Ipod that Trane carries -RRB- . The game takes about 15 hours to complete the first time but requires another run through for most to get all of the secret unlockables which provide for a good long gaming experience . Overall a really solid game with a authentic hip-hop presentation that 'll keep anyone busy for hours .
 Getting uo is a very magnificant game . I liked the combination of fighting and graffiti . It 's amazing because even as trane goes farther and farther throught the game , his graffiti gets better and better , and becomes a stronger fighter . The mix of music is very cool and plays at good points in the game .
 i bought this game when it came out and beat it and i just cant stop replaying it . Any one thinking about getting it , GET IT !
 The game strikes a nice balance between fighting and tagging . At the forefront of Getting Up you 'll find not only the graffiti , but also the entire culture surrounding it . By enlisting graffiti legends such as Futura and Shepard Fairey and hip-hop artists like P. Diddy and Talib Kweli , Getting Up presents itself as an immersive experience for those new to graffiti culture .
 OK SO YOUR THIS GRAFFITI WRITER NAME TRANE -LRB- TALIB -RRB- TRYING TO GET YOU NAME OUT , AND ALONG THE WAY BESIDES DUKING IT OUT WITH THE CCK -LRB- VANDAL SQUAD -RRB- AND THE MAYOR -LRB- MAYOR SUNG -RRB- YOU GET TO MEET AND TALK TO GRAFFIT LEGENDS SUCH AS COPE2 , T-KID , SMITH , SEEN , AND OBEY .
 if you like graffiti you want this game for toy writers its great
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES THAT EVER CAME OUT.I LOVED GRAFFITI SINCE I WAS LITTLE AND USED TO PAINT IN CHICAGO.THIS SHOWS HOW TRUE GRAFFITI WRITERS HAD TO LIVE.GREAT GAME BECAUSE IT SHOWS ALOT OF DETAIL IN THE ART.IF YOU AI N'T A GRAFFITI ARTIST YOU WILL STILL LOVE IT.GREAT DIFFERENT STYLES YOU CAN DO.IT SHOW 'S HOW YOU GO FROM A TOY TO A GRAFFITI LEGEND.THE BEST GAME !
 so far i have been blow away by the story that the game has to offer . the whole game is done amazingly well it has a max pane feeling it was really worth my money
 This game has it all from fighting to spray painting a subway car . The sound track is dope and the graffix will just blow you away . In this game you must hit up your name `` TRANE '' every where you go to start earning your respect but at the same time keep a look out for the CCK because those cats dont mess around . This video is by far the most exciting video game i have ever played . It also gives you a inside view of what graffiti is about and its purpose . Ihighly recomend this video game not only to graffiti writers but to anyone who just loves to play a dope video game , so if you dont have already get it . But just remeber no drips .
 I think the best part about this game is the sound . The voice acting in the game are probably one of the best in any game I 've come across . The soundtrack is excellent . The hip hop songs -LRB- I think 4 of them were made exclusively for the game -RRB- go really well with the game and there are a lot of songs to unlock .
 When i first purchased this game , I was suspecting greatness from such a person as Mr. Marc Ecko . Not only were my expectations met , but they were surpassed 10 fold ! They combined beautiful graphics with awesome gameplay and the in-game art is amazing . I was a little skeptical at first to tell the truth ever since I played The Warriors which did not meet my tagging expectations . but as soon as I tagged my first wall in Getting Up , I was releaved to find they not only 1-upped The Warriors , but they beat them at their own game ! I reccomend this game to everyone . Especially fans of art and hip-hop .
 Just played Marc Ecko 's Getting Up . Once you get going its a pretty inventive game.Just played Marc Ecko 's Getting Up . The first 15 minutes of the game are rather dull and you start to wonder why anyone would make such a pathetically easy game . During this time you are basically running around spray painting walls and getting into little mini-fights with not-so tough street thugs . Luckily , after this period of the game it does get more challenging . Stick with it for at least 1/2 hour or until you get to the level where you have to ride the train while spray painting the sides , it gets better from there . The graphics are great although the camera angles can be kind of a pain and soundtrack is awesome . During the game you keep picking up little icons that say ipod to get new songs . .
 I may be a lil late in getting this game -- my wife just bought it for me the other day . I have to say this is definitely a 5-star game ! The box says it does for graf what Tony Hawk did for skateboarding , and that is on point . You can throw your tag -LRB- s -RRB- up ANYWHERE , with a wide range of styles/colors/stencils / posters/etc ... I started playing last night and went again at it today ... could n't put it down!The music is top notch -- from classics like Mobb Deep 's `` Survival of the Fittest '' to `` Cavern '' by Liquid Liquid ... it 's an aural treat . Pack FM and Talib Kweli also stop in to drop some ill tracks and there are a few exclusives in there.The gameplay is off the chain , too ! It 's not hard to master the moves at all -- just make sure you do n't drip your pieces!The voice acting is great , too . The whole game feels like a motion picture , with you being the main star.Buy on sight !
 The game strikes a nice balance between fighting and tagging . At the forefront of Getting Up you 'll find not only the graffiti , but also the entire culture surrounding it . By enlisting graffiti legends such as Futura and Shepard Fairey and hip-hop artists like P. Diddy and Talib Kweli , Getting Up presents itself as an immersive experience for those new to graffiti culture.so try this game out it is amazing . -LRB- for more info visit www.getting-up.com -RRB-
 Its cool to see a game that does something different . Ive been playing for three days and ca n't put it down . The soundtrack is off the hook and the tagging is fresh .
 No doubt GETTING UP is a unique artistic yet slick and clever game ' but it hasent been the graff game . If you remember the game Jet Grind Radio then you know what I am saying.Graffiti has always been in game ' even the classic arcade games had it . There are six legends that you meet in the game.One notable artist , Shepard Fairey , popular for his Obey Giant campaign , has even contributed to both Guitar Hero I and II . You can put up stickers ' posters stencils marker tags ' shoe polish tags / pen tags / and aresol tags for freedom missions . The story is simple you are TRANE you try to become a legend but midway into the game you unravel secrets of the corruped government . All in all the game is great fun and you do get to look for unlockable songs for the game . I give this game a 5 out of 5 .
 Marc Ecko took 8 years to make this game , he wanted it to be true to the graffiti world , in which it is . The game flows perfectly from writeing graffiti on the walls to bashing in peoples faces . The storyline it self has a very indy vibe to it which makes it even better . The game is simple enough that even if your not into graffiti that you can still play it and enjoy the game very much , and you will even learn a few graffiti ledgends such as Cope2 or JA . This is a must have game
 First off I 'll address the contents of the Limited Edition package , you get a nice Getting Up tin case , of course the game , the Hybrid Disc feat . videos/films
 I had been waiting forever for this game . Obviously i had to get the special limited editiion . I liked all the collectible items such as the Development black book , the silver sharpie and the music cd . The game was really awesome , i liked the way you can switch the outlines and graff you do , and how you can change the colors of the graff you decide to put up in the in-game black book . Another cool part is that a lot of famous grafiti artists and rap artists that helped out in this game . Overall this game really reminded me of myself and made me want to go out and paint ! It is also almost like an urban spider man with all the acrobatic moves and fighting you can do .
 The versatility is this game is out of the extraordinary . With an introduction into the real hip-hop and graffiti culture , the game has some many great in-depth features . Such as commentary by Talib Kweli -LRB- Trane -RRB- and realistic events that any graffiti artist/writer would come upon when `` getting up '' . From walking the dark streets and fighting off the CCK -LRB- Civil Conduct Keepers -RRB- to hopping on the side of trains and tagging different pieces of `` Trane '' . I really enjoyed playing the game and could n't get enough of it because I beat the game after 5 days and beat it again right after the last day . Getting Up : Contents Under Pressure is a great game and is definitely worth buying , even if you are just into art , graffiti , or hip-hop . This game has opened up a new portal to past graffiti writers and an influential meaning to the future generation of graffiti writers , such as myself personally .
 Its cool to see a game that does something different . Ive been playing for three days and ca n't put it down . The soundtrack is off the hook and the tagging is fresh .
 The characters and story really pulled me in , I really wanted to complete the game because Trane 's story is a compelling one . The world of New Radius was gritty and realistic , the character models looked great for current gen and the cinematic work was top notch . The music is really note worthy , I do n't think I 've ever heard such a rich mix of styles , yet it all works together , much like a Q.T. movie . If you have the money , spend the extra 10 bucks on the Limited Edition , the making of DVD , soundtrack , blackbook and Sharpie pen make a really nice package . What can I say , I played this game all the way through in one long setting 14 hours , and loved it . Highly recommended .
 For those who are just getting into the world of graffiti , this is the game for you . Marc Ecko 's Getting Up is an excellent mix of the Grand Theft Auto series with the legendary Style Wars movie . Not only does the player get to tag all over the city of New Radius , but also fight the Civil Conduct Keepers -LRB- CCK -RRB- on his way to becoming a graffiti Legend . Trane , the main character , is exceptionally voiced by the rapper Talib Kweli . More voice talent is provided by Charlie Murphy , as ` White Mike ' , and Brittany Murphy , as the news reporter . This is not a run-of-the-mill generic graffiti game , mind you . With talented figures such as T-KID , Futura2000 , COPE2 , CES , and OBEY supplying their skills , among many others , this game knows what graffiti is all about . If you 're worried about tagging or fighting to wack music , have no fear
 I LOVED LOVED LOVED the sequel - bought that one first so i was a bit disappointed with how much older the graphics were . Its one of the best adventure game series out there if you enjoy shooting/killing games like Half Life series-but the touch of comedy resembling Austin Powers for me places it above Half Life/Quake etc. . But you MUST try the 2nd in series ! Sooo much better as far as perfecting the graphics - The acting is top notch on both ! ENJOY for many hours !
 I have given this full stars , as it probably is very good software ... but !! , we have not played it yet , my son bought it with an amazon voucher , i checked over the details to make sure it was worth the money and when we received it we found out it is an Expansion pack for Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002/04 , which we do n't have !!! and will cost us another $ 25.00 approx.It does mention quote `` Fly the Airbus Fleet for Microsoft Flight Simulator ... '' but it should have been included or explained better that it is an add on.Update : - We have now got all the software plus more add ons and my son loves it.I would highly recommend
 I bought it week ago and could n't even fly one of these airplanes . the reasons are :1 - Too heavy to get faster before the end of the runway . It will make your departure too hard or impossible for people who use short-mid runway or have many building around the airport . for long runways , it will fly at the end of it then when u go for high altitude , it will stall !!!! 2 - Virtual Cabin is n't good . some panel will not appear when on it because the images files are n't put correctly . some gauge wide the others are thin . some empty areas . to see the panels u need to switch to 2D -LRB- F10 -RRB- .3 - No reverse !!!! this is impossible when you start from a gate .4 - once you start playing some of the airbus , your fps will decrease a little.and many more . these problems will make these airplanes useless unless they released a patch . I sent an email and they responded within 3 hours or less -LRB- fast customers support -RRB- . they said `` Yes . the issue comes from a conflict between our software and MS Acceleration Pack . When a patch becomes available , it will be posted to ourwebsite . `` but when ????? FSX relesed in 2006 . Acceleration Pack at 23-Oct-2007 . mostly 5 month and they still working to fix these problems.I hope they will release the patch within a month at maximum.btw , it works with fs2002 , fs2004 and fsx and the details of the airplanes are very good . also the the whole package is nice and priced nicely . 6 models of airbus which you will not find any add-on similar to it.Update 26-Feb-2008 : The whole addon is n't fully compatible with FSX !!! In the pack it says it is working great with FSX . I reinstalled the game without the Acceleration Pack or any Service Pack and the problems still there !!! . Then I installed the SP1 and nothing was fixed even with SP2 but you can fly the other airplanes but not the A340.I 'm tweaking the Panel.cfg and the Aircraft.cfg for every plane so I can fix them perfectly soon.minus 5 stars Abacus .
 this game rocks . dont let people tell you diffrent . okay sure the 3-d sucks but think about it is that the only reason your buying it , for the 3-d , if you are then for get it this game is lousy when it comes to 3-d . but it has 3 choice of levels in three diffrent games just like the movie . its a blast . my mom likes the level were you surf on lava its hard to get there but i got there . i play like once a week trust me !!!!!!! its not waisting your money !!!!
 Hey slothmo , This is a place for actual reviews not your rants about pc versus dedicated game boxes . I saw that the product got one star , and if I had n't taken the time to read your ramblings I might not have purchased the game . Do n't give something one star and have the nerve to not actually have used the title.I 'll send a real review after I 've had a chance to play it on my SCREAMING FAST PC!W -
 My daughter absolutely loves this game and it is one of her favorites ! It 's filled with fun and creative activities and lasts a lot longer than most Barbie games do . The graphics are not very advanced , but that does not matter because they are very beautiful and , in my opinion , truly make the game look like a fairy tale adventure . My daughter prefers these classic graphics over those of `` Secret Agent Barbie '' and `` Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses '' . She had no difficulty moving Erika around . We did receive a couple of errors . One was during the activity where the stained-glass windows are created , but we restarted the game and it took us right where my daughter left off . We did not receive this error after that . Please note that we might have gotten this error because we run the game on Windows Vista . The second error that occured and others have mentioned was during the activity where Erika has to find three singers for the concert . As long as you give the flowers to the right singers you will not get this error . Other than those two errors , the game works perfectly fine on Windows Vista . I highly recommend this game . I do not think your child will be at all dissapointed !
 My six year old LOVES this game ! She has played it over and over and keeps getting better at it . I am so impressed with the graphics and I like the challenges that make her think . ie . making pathways with logs , using colors to decode ... stuff like that . I highly recommend this .
 My daughter loves this game . She got it for christmas last year when she was 51/2 . She still loves this game . And what I loved was that it took her a few days to finish , unlike some other games that she finished in one sitting , which is really frustrating to her , cause after playing the Princess and the Pauper , she kind of expects all the games to be great and have lots of things to do . The graphics are pretty cool , and there are lots of things to do , from making cakes , to making pretty stained glass windows , to decorating rooms , planting flowers and watering them and watching them grow , playing with and grooming the cats , helping the neighborhood people with tasks , and so much more , I can go on and on . I have no complaints about this game . My daughter has a nice collection of computer games , and this one is by far the best one yet ! You definitely will not be wasting your money on this game !
 My daughter really enjoyed this game , and did not run across the bug others have mentioned below.However - please note that she is a `` highly gifted '' 8 year old and a computer game wizard - and even so , she got stuck a couple of times and needed help . So I can see that for younger kids , this game might not be appropriate . But it is great for girls in that `` too old for toys , too young for boys '' stage , who are still young enough to love Barbie but do n't need to add another doll to their collections.She played it for weeks -LRB- maybe a couple months -RRB- before she got to the end , but enjoyed it solidly every time she played . Once she got to the end , she went through it a few more times but has now put it aside.For us it was a nearly-perfect game , as she got a lot of hours of play out of it.My main problem with it is that the chores Erika has to do are so stereotypically female - sewing stuff , baking lots of cakes , and so forth . She has to be a kind of `` Stepford Barbie '' in order to be coronated . But whatever - my daughter enjoyed it , and that 's what really matters .
 Our Daughter loves this game . Its Very Challenging and entertaining for her .
 My five year has been glued to this game for days now -LRB- aftr christmas -RRB- forget the interactive cat and spring for this . Believe me the cat IS NOT WORTH IT and this is.Yes it moves a bit slowly -- so maybe someone under the age of four would be bored ... But there are so many levels of things to do-and done so wonderfully , imaginatively -- we all get in front of the computer and play!where else can a child of four be enticed to weave i ask you ??!?!? I really is coool -- and very girly .
 Beloved game for any 8 years old kids . Younger or older will love it too . I definitely would recommend it to anyone who asks about it .
 This is a game where you are Erika and you have to complete many deeds in order to become the queen in three days . So , you have to complete all these tasks which requires you to go all over the town.You get to bake cakes , take care of a kitten , grow flowers , and much , much more.This is probably a great game for a kid -LRB- probably a girl -RRB- who is at the age where she knows how to basicaly can understand words -LRB- read to her -RRB- and knows how to use a mouse.This is a really fun game but , as you get older you might still like it at the age of nine you do n't have to like the Princess and the Pauper to play this game . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was the very first computer game we ever bought for our then 5 year old daughter . I played the game with her at first but she figured it out pretty quick . We had lots of fun playing it together.It teaches problem solving and kindness towards others . You have to use your brain to learn your way around the kingdom and remember where everyone is since all the characters have to be visited numerous times throuhout the game to accomplish different tasks.I 've read that some people were n't happy that it presses girls into a certain role , baking cakes etc. . Well Erika has to chop wood and things like that , that 's usually a job for a `` man '' . And let 's face it , Barbie is a girly girl , what 's wrong with baking cakes and sowing etc.Between finding keys to unlock royal tasks , baking , growing flowers , decorating , chopping wood , picking fruit , aligning logs to make a path across the swamp , rescuing kittens , feeding and playing with the kittens and finding talented singers for the choir this is an excellent game for young Barbie fans . There are many more tasks than that , to many to name and of course I have to leave some of it for you to find out.We did n't encounter the bug as other people have mentioned and my daughter is playing the game for the second time now and all by herself without my help . I wonder if maybe some of the CD 's are deffective , or maybe those peoples computer settings are different then the ones who did n't have that problem.This was the perfect game to introduce our daughter to computer gaming and worth every penny . It has set the foundation for her to make it easier when she plays other games and has made her computer skills better .
 OK , first thing I want to say , I did not play this game from beginning to end when this review was written , but I watched my sister , Russian Blue Witch , play it and I played it from beginning to middle . It 's a good game , I like the bright colors in the so-called banners -LRB- the banners look more like flags -RRB- . I LOVE making cakes , but I do n't like doing stained glass windows very much . Oh , I suppose I should tell you the basic plot . Well , you need to help Erika the pauper to become queen by doing some things you have to do before you can become queen . Anneleise helps with the decorating . -LRB- I like decorating ! -RRB- You can find kittens by singing and take care of the kittens . -LRB- I like taking care of kittens ! -RRB- And just for fun , you can take care of Serafina and Wolfie . But something I do n't like is when you play with Wolfie , he meows . He barks , for goodness sake ! I like the game , but I get bored of it when I play it for a long time . ~ Chocolate Dog ~
 We love this game ! It 's fun and once the kids get the hang of it they can navigate around the kindgom quite easily , doing the various tasks and doing fun things like cake decorating , caring for the kittens , and making stained glass windows . One thing I really like about this game is that the voices and background music are soft and pretty - none of the usual hyper techno-sounds that accompany so many computer games .
 Well Santa hit the jack pot with this one . My 6 year old loves this game . She has been begging to use the computer since Santa brought it . She even got a barbie computer and this wins hands down . She can play the game by herself and if she has trouble reading anything she can click on the speaker icon and the computer will read it for her . Brilliant , on other games all I hear is Mommy , I need help . So this is perfect . It is even entertaining for me to watch her play . She figures out puzzles , listen to clues to her next task . It is a great game .
 I LOVE Princess and the Pauper ! I love to have fun decorati n'the castle and makin ' cakes and stained-glass windows.Overall this game is wonderful and educational!Beautiful , too ! My favorite part of the game is the coronation and the little song . Unlike other people , I have n't hit that bug at all . I think it 's something about '' no lip-synch data '' and '' giving people flowers '' . After all , who would give a bad singer flowers ?!?!? -LRB- well maybe a few ... -RRB- PS
 My daughter played this game for hours and loved it . Some have said that there is a ` bug ' that prevents you from finding the singers for the coronation . But it CAN be done .
 If you are seeing the error message `` LipMgr.play - > EzDlgNone has loaded no lip synch data '' on the singer recruiting task , here 's how to get past it : This bug will not occur if you only give a flower to the correct singers -LRB- the ones who sing note patterns that match Erika 's -RRB- . Watch the little display in the lower right of the screen and sing any of the three patterns shown at the top . When the correct singers respond , their note pattern will appear below Erika 's . Give them a flower . But if the singer is bad , only gray circles will appear . If you give a bad singer a flower , you will often hit the bug . So just make sure your daughter does n't try to recruit the bad singers , and all should be well.Except for this bug , the game is a lot of fun . My 5 year old loves it , and was able to play the entire game with almost no help .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this game . She 's 2 years below the recommended age , but with adult supervision and coaching is able to play the game.This game builds on itself . You begin with easy tasks and progress to more difficult tasks that require a more mature thought process . I am able to discuss the problem solving steps with my child during this game and she is able to then deduct what she should do next.Her favorite tasks are baking cakes , making stained glass windows , flags , and taking care of the kittens in this game . You are only required to do each of these tasks once . However , it is possible to go back and do these tasks multiple times -LRB- which my daughter does repeatedly -RRB- . This game is nice because it makes the learning process fun . My daughter loves the storyline and is anxious to get to the coronation of Erika . -LRB- I have to admit that I played the game through one evening after my daughter was asleep just to see what happened at the end . -RRB- Anytime you exit the game , your point of progess in the game is saved . This means that you can stop at anytime and resume hours or days later where you left off . I love this feature as the game is lengthy . I believe there are 18 or so tasks to solve.This game is just good , clean fun .
 My daughters are ages 4 and 6 . They both LOVE this game ! There are so many places to go and things to do . They play this game several times a week and still have n't completed it yet - so it has n't lost it 's charm yet . I bought the game as soon as it came out because they love the Princess and the Pauper movie and it has provided hours and hours of enjoyment ! I imagine they will still be having as much fun with it months from now too because of all the creative activities in the game . They get to decorate cakes , design stained glass windows that are then put in the windows of the shops , they can wander all around the town and the woods . They have to find Erika 's kitten lost in the woods by singing songs , and much more ... I have as much fun watching and listening to them play as they have playing the game !
 My daughters absolutely love this game-I thought it might be difficult for my 31/2 year old , but my 5 year old helped her along the way . As far as `` bugs '' that another reviewer said they had gotten-that is caused either by lack of memory in the computer or you need a new video card for the computer-we have 2 computers , mine and my husbands computer is fully loaded with everything we need and it is very fast . Our daughters computer on the other hand has quite a bit of memory and a good video card but when the girls use the game on their computer Erica walks much slower and hesitates when you need to hear her tell you something-but when it is played on our computer-Erica walks very fast and has no problem speaking when asked a question . Another tip about the game is make sure that you turn OFF your screen saver or that you have it set to come on at least 20 minutes or more -LRB- both of ours have a Flat Screen LCD Monitor -RRB- - I mention this because if the child walks away and the screen saver comes on and then the child goes back to play the game , the game window will be much smaller than before and there is no way to maximize the window again or even to exit out of the game without going into the task manager and ending the program that way . All in all the game is fabulous and very creative , it keeps the girls attention focused on the game , unlike alot of the other games that are out there . Best thing to do before purchasing the game CHECK YOUR COMPUTERS SYSTEM AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU HAVE ALL THE REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY TO PLAY THE GAME-READ ALL THE GAMES SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ON THE PACKAGE DESCRIPTION-if you get it without doing so-the game will not play properly and either you will get stuck with an unusable game or you will end up having to shell out more $ $ $ $ $ $ to upgrade your computer just for the game . Not to mention the fact that you will also have a very unhappy little girl on you hands.I love the game and so do my girls-if you have all the requirements-I recommend you get it for your little princess .
 This game is great ! It has so many things to do and redo ! My daughter is 4 and adores this game and she can do everything on it . I had no problems with this game at all . This is my first review I have ever wrote , I usually do n't , but this game was so good , I made it a point to write in .
 My 8 year old girl has several Disney princess games and they 're stupid , so I was skeptical about this . Way better then Disney . It 's an excellent game , my daughter plays all the time . In fact the whole family likes to play it . From my 3 year old son to my `` tough guy '' husband . We like decorating cakes and making stain glass windows in a thousand different ways . The graphics , color , and sound are great . I highly recommend it . We have not experienced a bug like another reviwer did . I have not experienced that on any of my games .
 Hi , I really like this game because :1 . It 's Football ! 2 . The graphics are fair enough3 . The backyard teams are cool and you can make your own player -LRB- you can only name them out of the `` nicknames '' they provide -RRB- 4 . They have pro players -LRB- obviously -RRB- 5 . And like most Gba games the controls are simpleOne thing I do n't like is that there is not much difference between the levels so all levels are fairly easy . They are not to easy to enjoy though.If you do n't mind please rate my review .
 This game is lots of fun but it is WAY to easy so if you are a pro gamer that beats games in 1 day look further . If you just want a game thats fun and well made buy it
 I think this game is a good game for people ages 7-10 and for kids that know how to play football . I like it alot because it lets you make your own team and player . It is better than Backyard Skateboarding . Plus you have a season and real NFL teams . It is the best game !!!
 The learning curve is easy overall . The only problem I 've seen is smallchildren may have problems kicking a field goal or P.A.T or the K.O. Thistakes some dexterity that a child under six may not have . The game gives arecommended play for each down so very easy to play . I liked it . Animationvery simple .3 stars for animation . 5 stars for fun . Overall a four !
 The nintendogs limited edition teal nintendo ds is so awesome !!!! The game is so adorable ! And so is the color . This is an Awesome game system ! If I could , I 'd give it 10 stars !
 this is a cute bundle but be careful of the seller you choose.i bought this item and it arrived with dead pixels and the seller will not stand behind their merchandise and make it right . it is best to buy from amazon only but if that 's not possible and you must use a 3rd party seller on amazon then stick to amazons featured merchants only
 I do n't have a nintendo ds yet but I 'm planning on getting one for my birthday and I 'm planning on getting this one.People say that it is rare and hard to find and that 's why I want it ! It includes a teal nintendo ds , nintendogs best friend 's game , bone screen cleaner pawprint skins one black stylus and the box , manual , and charger . I do n't have this item yet but it must be fun ! so that 's why I 'm going to give 5 stars .
 THIS LOOKS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOL I CA N'T WAIT 2 GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! MY MOM JUST ORDERED IT FOR MY SIS AND I !!!!!!!!!! I CAN NOT WAIT TO PLAY !!!!!!!!! IT LOOKS BETTER THAN OTHER BARBIE GAMES BECAUSE IT HAS PARTS WERE YOU HAVE TO EARN STUFF FOR MODELING !!!! I 'M OVER THE STAGES OF BARBIES BUT THIS LOOKS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I RECOMMEND THIS !!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is fun and exciting for a girl like me.i 'm already into it.i feel sorry about myself becuase they do n't ship it in india but you get one for yourself.so get going .
 I have not perchesed this game yet , but I think it will be very very very vvveeerrryyy fun . I have a really strong worry that it will be hard to set up . I did not have this worry until I read the other posted reviews that said it would not work or was hard to set up . But other than that it seames to be a really fun game .
 this game is very creative and fun for all girls
 This game is the coolest it gave me no trouble at all . Buy this you wo n't be disapointed and its only a click away .
 My daughter , who is 8 , loves this game . She spends great amount of time putting together the fashions . The game comes with many different `` shows '' -- you can put on a show with a theme like Bridal , Retro , Asian , Back to School , Pajama Party , etc.You choose the outfits , the shoes , the models , the design of the runway and the music . Then the computer animates the whole thing and you use a `` camera '' to take pictures for your album so you can remember what you chose.The only bad things about this program
 Direct X 9 may be asking for routines that are not present in driver software for the older cards -LRB- 16 and 32 MB -RRB- . Try going to either nvidias or ATIs sites to download updated drivers for your cards . This is actually common practice for game fans , but is probably quite a suprise for a more casual audience .
 We bought this for her when she was 5 years old and she still plays with it . It can be completed over and over since each fashion show has you design a few outfits -LRB- with hundreds of options -RRB- , choose model , hair and shoe styles , design the stage , have the models run through their paces and choose their moves , then you take pictures of the fashion shoot . It never gets boring.My 11 year old nephew played it , I played it and my Father , a 52 year old Col. in the Army played it . Great fun , all the neighborhood kids want to come over and play it too !
 This game is fun because you get to pick out shoes , clothes and hairstyles . You also choose which Barbie you want to put it on . Sometimes you can match it . There is also a game called Beauty Boutique ; it is a little better because you get to design faces , too , and clothes.I have had the game a year , and I do n't play it much now . I think I would play it more if it played on my computer -LRB- Mac -RRB- , instead of Daddy 's computer -LRB- PC -RRB- .
 This is the 2nd time I 've purchased this program for my daughters . They never get tired of it . They are 4 , 7 , and 10 years old . All of them love it . You create your own fashions for a runway show . You coreograph the moves the models do . You design the stage . There 's nothing that compares to this software .
 I am basing my review on observing my 8 year old granddaughter 's reaction to it . She -LRB- and actually her twin brother -RRB- really enjoyed choosing the outfits and coordinating them . Only wished there were more ! .
 This game is so much fun ! First , you pick out and design clothes . Then you choose models , and pick the shoes and hairstyles . Next , you choose the stage , backrounds , music , and moves for the models . This game is very fun . I can do it for hours .
 That 's the question I ask myself everytime I play the game ! You have to make your own fashions , dress up your model friends , and make your own fashion show!HIGLY RECCOMMEND FOR GIRLS OF THE AGES 8-11 ! unless , your daughter or someone you know likes babrbie , get it ! * does get a little boring but it is fun *
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter -LRB- now 5 -RRB- and she absolutely LOVES this game . In fact , its the only game that she consistently plays . No puzzles or learning game , but develops her creativity , hand-eye-mouse coordination and decision making skills . She is so proud at the end of a design and watching her face light up during the `` show '' at the end that she has worked so hard to create is an absolute joy !
 I bought this as Christmas present for my daughter . The game works fine . Its a Dell system with an ATI Radeon 128MB video card , Direct X 9 . I think the key here is the video card , I would suggest running this on nothing less the 128mb card No problems as of yet
 I think this game is very helpful and creative ! I love to design clothes and this game made me interested even more . Now i can experience fashion , use my ideas in the game and see how it looks like.I would really recommend this game to all girls . They will not be sorry !
 I think this game is one of the best games that I have ever owned.It 's great for all ages , Im ten and I love it because it is one of those games that lets your Imaginetion soar.It 's defintely worth the money!Ilove it!And I hope you do too .
 My 10 year old received this for Christmas this year and absolutely loves it ! Its very simple to work and tons of fun . I even enjoy designing the clothes myself . You also get to pick the models , the stage , the stage decorations , the lighting , the music , and you even choose the poses for the models . Your daughter will have hours and hours of fun with this one !
 Santa brought this . My 9 year old played it for 6 hours yesterday and has called the computer for when she wakes up today . It has run flawlessly . I 've got a year old Dell which was at the time the cheapest one that they sold - a Dimension 2400 . We upgraded the RAM when Sims 2 came out . Other than that we have made no modifications to the computer . I think that the specs for this game are fairly similar to the specs for Sims 2 . If you can run Sims 2 , this will probably work . And it is very good when it works .
 I wanted to be a fashion designer and this was obviously the game for me . You can make clothes pick shoes , hairstyles and everything ! I would recommend makeup choices and jewelry choices , but until they make the same exact barbie game that does I 'm sticking with this game because I recommend this game to all girls 5 & up !
 I think that most of this game is fun , but a few parts of it are boring.There is a part where you pick what moves the models will do in the show . But you have to watch them walk clear around the stage and it takes a while . I either pick a small stage or just skip this . To skip it , you push the button that makes the model start walking then it turns into an X . If you push the X the model goes back to the start of the stage and you do n't have to do it.The other bad part is that you have to color the backs of the clothes ! If you do n't want to , just color the front then start the next outfit . When you go back to the first outfit the back will be colored exactly like the front!The rest of the game is fun . I like to design the clothes . The first time you play it you do about 9 different shows that a lady named Cookie tells you what the theme is . When you 're done you get an award and you can keep doing shows without starting over ! The computer does say the theme but you do n't have to do the theme after you finish the nine games and get the award . At the show they 'll just say `` This is the best fashion show ever ! '' or something like that.I also like to choose who wears what clothes and pick their hairstyles and shoes . You can even send your clothes to barbie.com ! I have n't done it yet , but I 've seen clothes that people designed on barbie.com . I think I know how to do it , but I might be wrong . When you are choosing their hairstyles and shoes there is a button in the corner that says `` barbie.com . '' That might be how you send the clothes.I also like to see the shows , but after you have a lot you have to delete them to do more . You have to delete your clothes when you do this.There are a few boring parts , but most of it is a fun game . I do not like Barbie anymore but I like this game . I do like the new Barbies better . But it 's annoying that all the blond dolls are girly and have blue eyes and wear pink.Even if you do not like Barbie , you might like this game .
 I Bought this game for my two daughters aged 5 & 6 and I do not know who has more fun playing it , them or me!The graphics are great . The fabric choices are fun and varied . The different assignments are interesting and challenging and the fashion shows at the end of each cahllenge are fun to put together and watch and put music too and take pictures of.I would highly recommend this for all ages . Even the older girls in the neghborhood love playing it with us !
 My daughters -LRB- ages 10 , 7 and 4 -RRB- love to create and design new fashions . This purchase is the best we 've made in quite some time . No disappointments !
 I bought this for my daughter and we sat down and played for at least three hours . I think I enjoyed it as much as she did . It was also very interesting to see that she had such a flair for style and could even make better designs than I could . We love this game .
 This game is great . You get to design outfits by choosing material and colors . The game has separates and you decide what you want to put with what . As you go level to level , you increase your choices on clothes styles , colors , patterns , hair choices , and shoe choices . Once you design the clothes , you choose people to model them , then get to design the runway . You get to choose background , lighting , poses for the models and music . I have an 8 year old who loves this game . My 4 year old can play it too - her things might not match but she has a great time doing it . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes to be creative , especially a child that likes to play with dolls or does dress up . It 's the next step .
 This is a very fun game especially for little girls that LOVE to dress-up . My daughter was so excited to get this game and was n't a bit disappointed . She will probably spend hours playing this game .
 this is a game i play for hours and i love it . here are some pros and cons.pros : . choose from 5 models including barbie . . make any fashions you want according to the theme . -LRB- over 50 fabrics , stickers , cloths , shoes , and hair styles = gives you about 300 choices -RRB- . make the stage the way you want add lights music animation and statues . . find the right moves to do . . take up to five pictures for each theme to look at later or print . . here are some of the themeasiafuturehippieretroweddingslumber partyback to schoolbeach and more.you get 3 levels and the higher the theme the more fashions you make . . after 3 levels you can make your own theme and use all the fashions you got for each theme !!!! . you get 3 studios that are totally diffrent !!! cons.no makeup -LRB- big deal -RRB- you will love trust me please !!!! it will never stop being fun . its great if you dont believe me then you just missed out on a great game .
 My two granddaughters -LRB- age 6 & 8 -RRB- love this new CD and can play for hours if I would let them . I really like the fact that they can both play `` together '' if they want . The sessions do n't take forever so they can switch off being the designer and the `` helper '' without having to wait so long between sessions . I would highly recommend this .
 I bought this game as a birthday present for my 10 year old niece . She was staying with us for a few days , so she & I played the game together . It only took us 3 days to finish the entire game ! No , we were n't playing 24/7 !! :-RRB- Both Jessica & I had fun with the game , but for the money it should have lasted longer . Overall , it was an enjoyable game . Just keep in mind that it wo n't take long to finish . My 8 year old niece also has this game , and she loves to play it over & over . I , as the adult , am probably the only one who has an issue with the `` shortness '' of the game .
 When I first recieved this game , I was excited . But after playing it for an hour or so , I was HOOKED . Being the creative , artistic person I am I enjoyed creating and designing the fashion for the fashion show . I would always concentrate on making it fun and stylish , but sticking to the theme , like school days , pajama night night , and the other themes . Picking the stage and the background was fun , and picking the poses when the models walk down the runway was a little confusing , but cool to put together . I especially liked picking the model and seeing which outfits I like on which model the best . The more outfits you have to make as the game nears its end , the better ! I loved this game and recommend it ! It was so fun and on bored rainy days , this helped me not be so bored anymore !
 My daughters , 11 & 9 , love this game . Even though they are not a fan of Barbie , they both really enjoy the ability to create ` new fashions ' and then show them off at the ` fashion show . ' I highly recommend this game for any girl from 7-14 . It is probably the best game I have ever obtained for my pre-teen daughters .
 I purchased this for my daughter and she ca n't stop using it . It allows her creative side to show . She absolutely loves it .
 My 5 year old daughter had been a little computer phobic , not even slightly interested in playing learning games ! Her grandmother bought this game for her as well as another Barbie `` beauty '' game . She LOVES them !! And since she is more familiar with the computer , she now loves to play her learning games as well . My daughter has no problems navigating this game on her own and when she sits down to play , she is engrossed for hours ! A MUST HAVE in our house ...
 kids loved it . fast delivery . need to order another one for them to take home .
 My cousin got this game for Christmas and showed me it . Now I 'm begging my mom for it . I ` ts really fun you make clothes , design the runway , choose music , ane even choose the model -LRB- s -RRB- that you want to model in you chothes ! I highly recemend this for girls . They will love it .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old daughter , and she loved it . With very little instruction from me , she was able to get started . And she has played ever since . She loves designing the fashions , choosing the background music and lighting for the fashion shows , and putting on her own shows . My 9 year old daughter , who is NOT into Barbie at all , plays and loves this game , too .
 I bought this for my 5 yr old who is a barbie fan for Christmas . She can play with it for hours if I let her ! I am still trying to convince her to let me design an outfit . : -RRB-
 this game is sooo much fun !!! after I do my homework and walk my two dogs with my mom , I go on the computer and play this game . it is so much fun ! It starts out where they give you 10 + patterns to start on the catagory they assign you and each catagory you get more new patterns along with outfits , colors , hair -LRB- for your models -RRB- , acessoreies , and new stages which barbie , kayla , leiha , or christie model your outfits that you designed ! There also is new music to unlock every catagory which you play for you 're show and during your show given a camera with 6 shots in it per show you can capture close-ups or full-legnth of your beautiful outfits designed by you .
 My 8 yr old daughter loves this game . As I watched her play , I wanted to play too , which is not the case with most of her PC games . There are quite a few `` fabrics '' , clothing styles , shoes , hairstyles , and accessories -LRB- decals for the clothes -RRB- to choose from . You can also change the stage , stage lighting , music , and walkway moves for the models . The only way I would improve this game would be to add jewelry choices . Definitely worth the money .
 I got this for my 6 year old niece and she loves it ! Perfect for that little girl who loves being a girl !
 My daughter who is 8 loves this computer game.It offers various stages and lots of fun .
 I recently bought this for my daughters ages 7 and 10 and they both love it . They 've even let me play and I have to admit that it is pretty cool . The girls and I are very happy with it , my only problem is that they both want to play it all the time .
 This is a great game . I bought it for my 5 years old daughter , and she loves it . It let you pick cloth style , select fabric color and patten -LRB- kinda like coloring -RRB- , pick model , hair style , shoes . Then you get to pick the stage , set up how model walks on the stage , music , etc. . It 's a cool kid 's game . Makes me want to fight with my little one to play : p
 I have had this game for many years , and even thought I am fifteen years old now , I still love to play this game ! I only wish we could make our own patterns for the clothes - some of the clothing is too basic for me , and I think it would add to the fun of the game if , after you finish all the assignments , you could create your own clothes to color in.This game is fun for kids of all ages . I think that adults might even like this game , if they were into fashion enough.The music in the game can get somewhat annoying , but it 's also catchy . There 's not a lot of detail in the clothes during the runway show , but I do n't think you can expect too much detail from this game , anyway . Mainly , the game is about making clothes to impress `` Cookie '' , your boss . It 's so much fun , and once you finish every objective you can make whatever you want for your very own runway shows.I recommend this game for girls who like fashion and Barbie . Girls of all ages !
 My kids love this game . I have to keep a timer so they are not on the computer all day . The game allows the player to create outfits with different patterns , colors , and different types of clothes.It is an endless choice . The kids can pick what model they want to use to display their creations . It is great for the imagination .
 I like this game it is fun ! I like creating the outfits and all . I was disappointed when the dress on the cover was n't in the game .
 Excellent cd game for kids . Girls or boys . Even Moms , dads , grammas too . Hours of imaginative thinking . Create your own adorable fashion clothes for Barbies models . Such fun I have with my granddaughters and grandson .
 I 'm a 25 year old guy and even I like this game . My 5 year old daughter is ecstatic . She has been playing it non-stop and with 10 levels worth of stuff I 'm sure she will enjoy it way more and much longer than the lame Barbie Skate game or the Barbie Horse that she has beaten 57 times.This game is n't just clothes , it lets you create the whole show . You do everything from picking models and choosing their hair and shoes to setting up the theme , decorations , lighting and music of the runway . Then you decide what poses you want the models to do and take pictures during the show.It 's fun , relatively easy to learn -LRB- for my 5 year old -RRB- , and has tons of replay value . The only negative thing I can think of is that the music is kind of lame . Other than that it 's the best game I 've ever gotten for my daughter .
 My 8 year old and 11 year old both love this game . It serves as a great incentive to clean their room - '' you can play Barbie Fashion Show after you clean your room '' - IT WORKS . My kids love to show us their latest fashions , and can print them out to show their friends too !
 My two daughters 6 and 8 love this game . They play it constantly ! It is so much fun and easy to use . I usually have to tell them to get off the computer . My 14 year old niece was sick over Thanksgiving . She asked me if she could use my computer . I had barbie fashion show in the cd drive . She started playing it and played it for about 3 hours . I would recommend this game to any girl who loves fashion . The only problem we had was when we tried to put it on an older computer that was running Windows 98 . It works great with windows XP .
 This is a great game . My daughters got it for Christmas last year and still play it all the time . It 's very easy to install and understand . They and their friends spend hours playing it !!! There are endless designs and fashion shows to come up with . Players can even select various backgrounds and music for the shows . They can also take photos as the models walk the runway and save them to an album . I plan on buying my niece one for Christmas this year .
 My 10 year old granddaughter loves designing outfits , and this program is just the right tool for her . She had the older version of Barbie Cool Looks Fashion Designer and used it for quite a while . This new program is so much more sophisticated and interesting . She just loves the whole new experience with this designing program .
 I think this game is very self explanatory , but not educational . Its motion picter is great it really fells like your at the fashion show and taking pictures . I think this game was very well put together . I like how you get to chose your own fashion and the computer does n't chose it for you.Review by my daughter .
 We purchased this game for our daughters , 6 & 8 . They both absolutely love it . It allows them to use their imaginations to set up not only the fashions but the models , the music and the stage for the show , etc. . They love watching the show at the end because they created it all by themselves . The reason I came online and wrote this review is because I am now purchasing this for my 6 year old niece .
 This is the best computer game for little girls by far !!! I bought it for my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas & she has spent hours playing it already -- much longer than anything else she received.She loves being able to select the outfits , hairstyles , stage set-up , etc. in accordance with each `` fashion assignment '' . As you progress , you are rewarded with additional models and more `` stuff '' to choose from . We had no problem with the program running as some of the other reviewers complained about.I have been buying Barbie software for 13 years -LRB- Detective , Super Sport , Pet Rescue , Riding Club , Sleeping Beauty , Princess Bride , Ice Show , Hair Styler , etc. etc. -RRB- & this is the best one yet . We have the old `` Barbie Fashion Designer '' but this is far superior . Buy it for your little girl today !!
 My 5 year chose this game because she played it at a friend 's house . She needed a lot of adult help to make it through the first round , but after she understood the sequencing she can do it all by herself . You are Barbie a fashion designer & you get a job to design at first 3 pieces , you have to choose the style , & color & can add stickers to your clothes . Then you choose your model & her hair & shoes . Then you design a runway & your model 's walk & choose music . The you have your fashion show - & you take pictures at the show .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She can play it by herself , but usually either my husband or I try designing an outfit or two . True it is not technically educational , when I see my daughter manipulating colors , patterns and movements of the dolls to put her show together , I think it is quite impressive . The graphics are great , lots of choices of patterns , hairstyles , etc. . This game is a blast !!
 This is one of my 8-year old daughters favorite game . I love sitting down and creating fashions for the models and watching the fashion show . I love how you have different options for the stage & music . This has brought hours of fun in our home !
 I purchased this game for my 7 year old . Her 14 year old cousin came over and the two of them played for hours ! I had to try it as well . It is a lot of fun . Especially if you have a girl who likes to style . We have played this over and over and have yet to get bored . A definite good purchase !
 It does have its problem but for the gameboy advance its quite amazing.If they would have put Driver 2 's cop chases in this one it would of been perfect.Graphics on Driv3r gba are outsanding for city size and how active this city is.I will just say over all this was a great buy but you kinda have to buy driver 2 to mix up between the two depending on your mood .
 ... I used to think Driver 2 was , but the GBA version of DRIV3R is excellent.I think many pro reviewers turned their backs to the GBA version of DRIV3R due to the fact that they all hated the console versions , i ca n`t find a review anywhere.It is a watered down port of the console version , But you still get so much.You can sreal cars , kill people and even swim and drive boats.You get Miami and Nice , France which are cut down to a certain extent just so the GBA can handle it.All three Driver games have been ported to GameBoy Color/Advance . First there was the GBC version of Driver 1 , which was a top down 2D expierience , It was my 3rd Faverite , after GTA and GTA2 -LRB- Yes they are on GBC -RRB- . Driver 2 Adance on GBA , which is my second fave GBA game after this -LRB- DRIV3R -RRB- . PSP is gon na have the next Driver game ported to them -LRB- Driver : Parallel Lines -RRB- , Even though they all ready have great Free-roam game on it -LRB- Y ` know GTA : Liberty City Stories -RRB- . DS may also get D : PL if they are lucky .
 For you GBA owners who love the GTA series , this is almost what you are looking for ! The premise , however un-original , is quite interesting ! Just like in Driver 2 , you play as Tanner , an undercover cop , infiltrating a crime ring ! In Driver 3 there are two cities you can drive through , Miami , Florida and Nice , France , with many new features that make this game better then the last , like the ability to get out of the car and use guns , swim and even drive a boat ! There are minigames that you can play such as Slalom , Checkpoint and Destruction . Some of the missions are timed and other 's simply require that you keep up with whomever you are following.It is n't without it 's flaws though ! Although the scenery is much better then in driver 2 , there is a funny texture warp when you get too close to many objects . Missing is the police chases ! You can drive right past police without being chased , which is kind of dissapointing since one of the main objectives in Driver 2 was was to out run the police . The car physics are ok but could be better ! You find yourself bouncing of many cars while driving at high speed ! Damage to cars seems to be minimal or non existant!All in all , not bad for the GBA ! If you can get by the somewhat blocky graphics that plague just about every 3D GBA game and the few quirks mentioned above , you will find a very enjoyable game with a decent story line to keep things going !
 Like I said its one notch from being AWESOME ! The front pouch that holds your games and extra little things could be a bit wider that way it could handle things like the four gig attachment thing and also the ps2 controller looking extra battery thing . Forgot what they were called anyway I have to either take em off and hold them or stick them into another bag . All in all this case is really really neat and way better than most all other psp cases . If you buy this then only expect to put these items inside . PSP , Home Charger , Car charger , Up to eight games -LRB- 4 slots 2 in each -RRB- , ear buds , cleaning cloth and some memory stick deals . Worth it yes !
 This case it 's amazing , it has a pocket for everything . I recomend this a 100 % . Very nice looking outside .
 A very nice case . Not too large and yet has space for all the essentials . Nice design and quality . I 'm pleased .
 This case can hold a PSP or PSP Slim quite nicely . You can fit 8 games and a ton of accessories in it . I wish it could hold more games , but what can you do ? There is a useless pocket on the back that could hold like 1 or 2 instruction manuals , but it does n't hurt anything . It 's nice and padded , so I feel safe keeping my stuff in there while the case is in my backpack .
 This is a great case for taking your psp on the road , it hold the system to batteries , games , and any other assecory needed for traveling with your psp . For only 20 dollars this will keep your sytem and games safe and organized , BUY IT
 I bought this case because it was the only one I could find that had space for the PSP , several games -LRB- it says 6 , but I fit 8 -RRB- , and other items such as headphones , extra memory sticks , etc.It is not too bulky , but protects everything very well . Stuff does not move around or bang up against each other and everything is super well protected.It is also nice-looking , which was not necessary , but a nice bonus .
 This game Has a great story , great graphics -LRB- for when it was made -RRB- and great individuality . I give this game a 10 ... . out of 11.2 . : P
 Fast delivery . The game ran good . No scratches on the discs . there 's a manual book in there . Easy installation . No bs ! Buy with confidence .
 I got this game relatively fast in the mail , which was a relief , because the standard shipping has a broad range on delivery time . It was in great condition . Since the game is kind of old there were some error messages when trying to run it on my newer computer but it ran well , nonetheless . The warnings seemed to be able to be ignored without much consequence.The game itself is great . I bought it after playing Fable II and wanted to play the first in the series . I love how some games , even if they are a little old , still shine through because of excellent gameplay and design . I was pleasantly surprise there are some things I actually liked better about Fable I compared to the second one . Overall , if you like the other games in the series , I definitely recommend getting this game.Just a note , that I bought the computer version because it has The Lost Chapters add-on content . Nowadays you can download a version off XBOX live but it does not have the add-on content so I thought this was a better buy .
 great game . good story , lots of loot to collect , lots of choices to be made , and is great for the small breaks between playing skyrim ; - D
 This is a classic , It 's story and gameplay are great . I played it way back when it first came out and lost the disc . I bought it so I could play through again .
 I love the variety of physical to magic/sorcery that you can go either way , complete diversity between light and dark , good versus evil . And there 's tons of quests throughout the game , optional and required . You have many choices of play styles
 I 'm not a big fan of battling scenes or fighting , but this game captivated me . I loved how the hero could choose his own path and how with each decision other characters ' reactions to him would change . The bigger battles are challenging but not so much that it seems unachievable . I enjoyed the aging character , the variety of quests , and the scenery . If I had one criticism it is that I was n't able to save my game at a particular spot when on a quest . You could save your skill acquired up to that point , and things you may have purchased but if you stop in the middle of a quest , it brings you back to the beginning of that question so battles like the one in the arena can be time consuming and you ca n't stop or else you 'll have to start the quest over . That was frustrating at times but the over-all game was just awesome . It 's the only game of its kind that I re-play just to see how things change . Love it !
 This a very good game . One of the best RPG style games I 've played . It is loaded with humor , and has a unique Fame system that spices things up alot . You can flirt , get married , buy a house and either live in it , or rent it out to make some extra cash . You can impress the general population by showing off trophies of your adventures , or use emotes to leave them impressed or offended . You can also craft your look to be handsome , scarey , or a combination of both and the npcs react accordingly.Play the Good Guy , a shining example of wholesome epicness , or play the Bad Guy , a terror to everyone you meet . It 's up to you . Fame or Infamy , it 's all in your hands for the taking.I would highly recommend this game for anyone who likes well-crafted RPGs with lots of personality and humor . It also has an engaging main storyline with plenty of twists.Note
 This is a great game to play if you have lots of time on your hands or even if you do n't , depends all on how you play . The good and evil aspects are pretty cool , but I will say there is a reason it has a Mature rating , which adds to the fun and in my opinion humor
 The perfect combination of action and RPG . Also the perfect time consumer . REALLY ADDICTIVE ! I love how choosing between good and evil affects your appearance and the world around you . Pretty easy game and really easy to cheat so you might need to make up ways to create difficulty for yourself . Unfortunately , there are n't many evil quests and there 's no real benefit to being evil unless you like people running away in terror .
 Bought this product 2 years ago , beat it so many times , and Im still playing it . Great replay value . An excelent port from Xbox to PC with some bonus features.However , I did notice when I was running this on WinXP , the game would unexpectedly quit when loading a new screen/area , so I had to save very often.Now that I am running Win7 , it runs flawlessly . A good buy for the price.As with all PC games , make sure the System Requirements for the game match or exceed your computer 's specs.You should look into Oblivion or Fallout 3 if you like this game .
 Originally bought this game for a class , but I was immediately engrossed in the game-play and logged 15 + hours on it . It features a simple enough third person interface and is really quite enjoyable to play.Combat gets a tad repetitive sometimes and the choices that you are able to make are over-hyped , as your alignment can be readily changed and there are no serious game-play differences between the two extremes.The story is compelling and has its twists and turns , and the dialogue often contain hilarious innuendos and jokes.Its a shame that you can not customize your hero 's physical features and replaying the game a second time to try alternative choices actually turns out to be extremely dull as not much of the storyline changes.Overall its a great game to play through the first time .
 I bought this because it was inexpensive . I was quite suprised to find out how much fun it is . It is simpler than Oblivion and more linear , but it is very entertaining . If you like RPG 's I recommend this highly . I beleive Fable 2 is coming out next year . Try this first to get an idea of what to expect with newer graphics and open play .
 I had a lot of fun playing this . Little slow to begin with . By the late beginning of the game it was addicting . 2 paths to take light or dark , I chose the light . I would say about 40 hours of game play . I am hoping for a add-on soon .
 I 'm a fan of Fable Lost Chapters . I totally adore it . It 's just my kind of game . Not a lot of violence ... unless you want to be the bad guy . You get to make choices of type of person you 'd like to be in the game . It 's easy to get through , not much thought into it . Some mind puzzle games . Little quest . Great graphic . Just fun to play .
 I loved playing Fable on the Xbox , so I bought this used . It seems to run a little bit roughly on the PC but overall I 've already found it to be a much more enjoyable experience than the Xbox version .
 I have played a lot of RPG 's but this one has to be one of the best . Even though there 's not much to character customization , besides changing clothes and armor , and a couple of different hairstyles and facial hair styles to choose between , the quests are fun , and the gameplay itself is very fun , gets a little challenging at times , but whats a video game without challenge . Although it 's not necessary to play this one to understand the second , there are some refrences and its overall a very good game . I also liked the level up system , not what I 'm used to in other RPG 's but very new and refreshing . A definite must buy for any gamers who like RPG 's .
 When starting the game it seemed like it was made for little kids but I stuck with it and it turned into a fairly good RPG.The game was very stable - zero crashes . Graphics were good.Comedy was nicely interjected although some of it was pretty juvenile . -LRB- farting and belching on command , I 'm kind of surprised there was n't an option for relieving yourself -RRB- I loved all the mini-games . Actually I wish there was an option to export them to your computer and play them outside the game itself.At first I thought the economics were well done . The prices were different based on the supply available . Then I found out you could buy all of something from a merchant who had a large supply -LRB- at a low price -RRB- then turn right around and sell them back to him at a high price -LRB- since now he is out of them -RRB- . You could just continue to do that with the same merchant over and over . He would have unlimited money so you could always make as much as you needed . After that the game was n't near as much fun . I played through it to get to the end but the illusion of being in an alternate world was spoiled . Its amazing to me how many developers mess up the economics in their games . It should not be that complicated - just make sure that there are always useful/fun items to buy that are expensive enough that they take a long time to save the money . Its just like in real life . Why do you think so many athletes and movie stars get into so much trouble ? If things are too easy you just do n't appreciate them.There were not enough hot keys to assign all the gestures , dances , spells , etc.You should be able to have a separate row of hot keys for different situations . You could then toggle through them or the game could automatically bring up the right ones depending on the situation . e.g. one set of hot keys for combat , one for flirting , etc.The combat was too hectic for my taste . Too often you would be attacked by a horde of monsters and the combat degenerated into a mashing of keys . The requirement that you collect the experience instead of getting it automatically on the kill was just a needless complexity.Overall I 'd say the developers did a very good job . There were a lot of neat ideas that were put into the game . Its definitely worth a look if you like RPG 's .
 I do n't want to rehash much of the same stuff people say here because I love the idea that you can play this game for the PC . I will say this though.The mouse/keyboard combination was a very nice touch . Considering that most console games that have pc versions released just treat the mouse as if its a joystick , Fable does things right by actually making combat on the PC version enjoyable.Outside of this fact most of what needs to be said has been said by the other commentators . This is a terrific game and I would recommend anyone with a PC buy it and enjoy the fable experience .
 this is pretty much fable with a few more hours of gameplay . i wasnt able to find the new armor and only a few new weapons . but thats because i dont really look for the demon doors silver chests , ext but i enjoy it anyway it doesnt have much replay value to me since its so linear
 As a former World of Warcraft junkie -LRB- it was once referred to by a friend as `` crack for nerds '' -RRB- i was looking for something that gave a similar experience . I found a great game here . It took some time to get used to the controls - i hit mt `` go to sleep '' button quite a few time on my keyboard in the middle of a fight - weapon selection is through your delete and page down buttons - spells are great but you use you middle scroll to get to the - movement is through wasd or arrow control -LRB- takes getting used to -RRB- and quite easy to forget between game plays.Overall nice storyline-lots of game play and some rather tongue in cheek moments .
 Fable the lost chapters is a great RPG to play . It is the `` Good vs. Evil '' model that has been used in games from the the knights of the old republic series , black and white series , and mass effect -LRB- all great games -RRB- . You actions and decisions determine the way you look to the power of you spells . You can help the Hero along your chosen path with bright or dark armors and getting tattoos , both can push alignment to ether way . The hero appearance change depending on your alignment , but Fable splits off those and other RPGS with character aging thou out the story , watching him grow from boy to teen , to man , to a old great hero -LRB- or Villon -RRB- . The quest system is great , with two types of optional quest and one option that moves the story along . The only problem I had with the quest is that I wanted more of them . I would like to have more weapon and armor choices , I have seen more weapons in other games that Fable , even with the lost chapters there still less . The control is great on a PC . You have a chose of using the WASD or using the arrow keys , each haves its own control setup , and using the numbers keys as hot keys for spells seems better than having to use a xbox controller . One other problem I have with the game is the use of `` lost chapters '' , it should be just chapter . Only having one series of quest in one new region to me seems like one chapter . At lest the should have add two more chapters , may be leading to the hero 's journey to legend , and I do n't think they had enough quest and weapons like an mention be for in a add on . I got Fable The lost chapters So I can go into Fable 2 on the 360 knowing what happen before , and too see if I would like it . This game has found is self on my list of the best RPGS that I have played , and I will be getting Fable 2 soon . Any hardcore RPG fan Will love this game .
 Bought this on a whim and pleasantly supprised . Graphics are fantastic . I have had no gameplay issues and on top of that the controls are simple . WASD controls with the mouse allow changing bow and sword quickly . Spells can be assigned to hot keys and favorites are at immediate disposal on the mouse . I 'm not much on story board , generally i skip the story pieces except for necessary clues . I like the idea that everything you do effects your characters growth . However after 11 hours of play you are 40 years old , so as you 've read in other reviews you wo n't spend months on this game . I would love to see a longer version of this with more character options!I also want to add i play this at 2560 x 1600 with all the graphics options turned up . Even in the arena quest where i am battling many foes there is no lag or pauses ! Granted i have the hardware to do it , but some higher priced games the s/w ca n't keep up . Try this ! It 'll make you think about the future of gaming .
 I 've beaten the Fable 2 and it 's expansion . I 've beaten the original Fable on Xbox and then beat it again with LCs . In my opinion this game is better than the 2nd and on PC in wide screen 1080P looks gorgeous . The armors look way better than Fable 2 's . In addition the story is better with much more fullfilling character interaction and an actual final boss fight that 's worth mentioning . This is the way to play this game . On PC . My only con for this game is the controls . I wish I could use my gamepad . Definately one of my favorite games EVER !
 I must say I can not believe it took me so long to know of this game . The game is really good . When given a quest , you are given the option to choose several paths so you can choose the outcome and later affecting the game . You can cast pretty neat spells , but I think it could be better if you could transform into a creature of some type , or at least summon one . The world is fairly large with a lot of places to go , although the areas can sometimes be a little narrow . One feature I love is that your gear appears on your character , so you can choose how he looks whenever you want . Overall a great game , if a second part is to be released I will most definitely buy it .
 An excellent port to PC , faithfully retaining the fast-paced action of the Xbox version along with all the colorful world design and British humor . The graphics are , if anything , slightly better than in the original . The extra content is also very satisfying , as in the original your character would be getting incredibly powerful and fun to use just about the time that the game ended , making you feel a bit silly if you power-leveled at some point.Very worthwhile game with enormous replay value .
 This game is a lot of fun to play . The graphics are great . I wish it took longer to play . I finished it in 30 hours and I took my time . Regardless , I really enjoyed the game and would recommend it for all ages .
 I remember many , many years ago , spending a huge chunk of my life playing Daggerfall . If anybody else remembers it , this is even better . It is not related to that old clasic at all but in the amount of fun this takes the lead.Starting as an infant and growing to age 65 was totally fascinating . Battles leave actual scars if the damage is enough and even though there are only three main areas of skill , there is plenty in each to keep you enthralled with your character.Only down side I could find -LRB- in addition to cutting into my time for playing Dark Age of Camelot -RRB- was that when you finish the final bit of the main story/quest , you are finished . Open ended play would have been a tad better . There were folks I wanted to go back and visit < evil grin > . But , that was not enough to keep me from creating another character and doing it all again . The second time I visited them all again before I finished . Ahh , the satisfaction.Wonderful concept and exellently executed .
 Certainly this is an imaginitive game , and has a style that 's easy to immerse yourself in . The visuals are fantastic , the voice acting is sometimes amusing , and the interface is fairly intuitive & quick to learn . Additionally the progressive attitude is refreshing -LSB- uncharacteristically so -RSB- considering this is published by Micro $ oft.Yes ladies & gentlemen , one of your hero 's traits is the number of times he 's had sex . And getting divorced gives you 6000 `` evil '' points . * dry chuckle * All in all , a decent game , I only wish it were a bit longer .
 Fable : TLC is a good game and worth picking up for yourself or someone who 'll enjoy a classic might and magic themes set in a beautiful , colorful environment . Also if you are a fan of Peter Moleneux -LRB- sp ? -RRB- or Danny Elfman , those are two more reasons to check this game out.Story - Thin . :\ Its kind of like Conan the Barbarian , starting life as a child of tradgedy and developing into a hero with the purpose of revenge . With a story driven game , tone is usually set by the intro movie . In this case the movie was pointless or very close to . Quests , even when they are a part of the main story line , feel disconnected as a whole . Side quests rarely intersect or lead to anything more than the basic objective . There is a real lack of personal character devlopment as well . You dont talk at all , but make basic stiff emotes as you interact with major characters in the story . You always look empty eyed no matter what is happening around you . This doesnt really make sense because most of the other characters are lively , especially in the in-game movies . The voice acting is good and can be humours at times -LRB- Im sure I heard some Monty Pythonish talk in there -RRB- . A lot more involvment could have been gained from the player had the story not been overlooked or skimped on.Graphics - Very nice :D . The Fable world is very rich and atmospheric . The world lighting -LRB- day and night -RRB- is excellent and sets the tone for every climate or zone to a tea . You only have to look at the screenshots to really get a sense of this . Combat and magic effects just end up as icing on the cake when its all said and done . Characters , world props -LRB- buildings , fauna -RRB- are modeled very well for the most part . Im not partial to the ` big hands and feet ' look but thats just me . : PGame Play - Even though a lot was done to accomodate PC gaming , it still feels like a port and youll notice oddities as you play . One major issue I had was switching between melee fighting and magic use . The default key setup is good and I did move some around but I always felt like I was tripping over myself . On that note nothing broke the game or became really frustrating . It is true , Fable is easy . If youve done the majority of the quests , good or bad , youll be ready for anything . I didnt spend much time on the hero 's ` personal ' life where you court -LRB- men or women -RRB- , get married , buy houses etc. . I wasent drawn to it because it didnt have a real use -LRB- except for a small quest series -RRB- . Your reknown and attractivness do most of the work for you anways . If you liked the Sims , Fable doesnt supply that level of relationship management.Last Notes - There is a lot of critique in here but if youve read this far please dont avoid this game for those reasons . Overall Fable : TLC is a good , fairly mindless game . Its not terribly challenging , has some story and gameplay issues but still a lot of fun in most every way.A previous review mentioned the inability to save progress . That is not true . The save feature is available in the options menu . I know , strange place to put it but Ive seen worse . One issue I did have is that when I reloaded a save -LRB- after say making a bad choice or a quest failed -RRB- the items Id used before the reload were gone . I dont know if this was an error or working as intended but it was annoying all the same :P .
 Good : * Gameplay - overall , the combinations of enemies vs weapons/spells is well done . You can buy every weapon , go back to easier parts and see how each weapon `` fights '' . You have light/heavy & short/long with different damage . You also have the option of using different spells . This is for those like me who want to prolong the game . I ca n't block/roll -LRB- . . physically disabled -RRB- , so I go the `` best defense is a good offense '' strategy . You have many options how to win = you can thus make the game more difficult or easy based on your decisions . * Weapons - many choices . Light/Heavy ; Short/Long ; low damage/high damage ; Augmentstions etc. . . You can try differnet weapons out per whatever part of the game ; if you want to proplong the the adventure :--RRB- . Some weapons just plain look cool ! * Spells - well , I have my favorites , but tried them all . Some work much better than others vs certain enemies . You can pick and choose ! . I believe you can beat the game with only 3 , but I used my favorite 6 = to spice things up . * Story - well thought out . * Battles - many major fights * XP/Gem runs - I can think of 3 spots where you can increase these important categories . Nice when added to a game ! * Bugs - only a few desktop crashes ; XP/SP2All in all , you are not overwhelmed with too many options.Just get in there and fight : - -RRB- Bad : * Voiceovers - sounded like 1-2 people did all the voices * Women/Villagers - basically the same model * Romance - well , one giggles and talk ; the other actually seems to enjoy you . The third option for a wife is a special NPC and seems to be reading from a poor romance novel . Ok , you can hit the ESC button ? If they wanted to go down this path , the designers should have put more variety/work into this option.Why no romance with Whisper ... would have fit the story + changed the same-nessWhy no romamce with Briar Rose - as as above.Why no romance with a Bordello lady - same as above . Would n't fit with the story , but changed the same-ness . If you decide to give them a refuge , should n't the ladies talk to you ; be open to romance ? They just stood there and posed.Why ca n't I buy clothes for my wives ... could buy a dress for myself * Maps - I liked the trek from the Guild to Oakvale
 For a 2005 PC game , this one has a lot to offer for the casual gamer.If you are into MMORPGs , this one wo n't do it . But for offline rpgs you 'll find that this game has many advantages : * Be good or evil . Your choice . * Great background history . * Side quests both fun and interesting . * Customizable character -LRB- during the game -RRB- . * Interesting features that many games wo n't have like getting married , buying houses for rent , getting a divorce ... of course these are optional if you are more into the slashing enemies business.The only cons : * You can only use a male character . * The newest games have many more features -LRB- this one is kind of old -RRB- . * Lack of moves/magic/abilities compared with other games .
 Pros : - Beautiful , detailed graphics -LRB- if your computer can handle it -RRB- . You get to see the character age too , and the details of his scars . - Lots of fun little side things to do . -LRB- Marry people and have sex , steal stuff , kill people secretly at night and then buy their homes or buy their shops -- allows you to own an entire town -RRB- - Nice weapons and other random items to play with - Combat is kinda fun too , especially if you add a lot of magic to your regular fighting too . Oh and , shooting for people 's heads is fun too . -LRB- You can also kick the head afterwards . -RRB- Cons : - Short game . 20 + hours or so . BTW , after the credits , wait like 20min and you CAN get back to the game to finish off business . - Pretty easy game . You can be invincible halfway through if you wanted to . - The good versus bad thing ... the `` bad '' side does n't have a lot of advantages ... except money , which can be easily obtained anyway in other ways if you try out things a bit .
 This is one of the best games I 've played all year . I highly enjoyed it . Granted , I did n't play the original Fable , so it did n't seem like just an add-on to me . But I can see where if you had played the original , it might seem like that.This game had a decent storyline , interesting quests , great graphics , and fun gameplay , as well as the opportunity to play it more than once . The only thing I would 've liked was the option to play as a female because I am female . But I enjoyed it .
 I 've played this game more than a lot of people have . I bought the original Fable when it came out and the bought The Lost Chapters when it came out . It has stayed in my &#34; favorites &#34; for a long time and always will . The sequels do n't live up to this one.Also , I was reading some of the reviews . Not enough story ? Hardly any character development ? Too easy ? Can not play as a female ? Okay , obviously you did n't get into the game . You need to do all the side missions , demon door , etc. . The game is very deep with its story , character development , etc. . Aswell , the enemies get harder as you level up so if you only do the main story line then sure it will be easy and there wo n't be enough story . The side-quests are many and also very important . You also age into your 70s-80s when you spend enough xp.Many of these reviews that say it is not as good as they were hoping most likely blazed through the game without taking their time exploring -LRB- yes , there is a lot of exploring -RRB- . All I have to say is either buy it -LRB- it is n't that expensive anymore -RRB- or go rent it and try it out . Seriously , you will not be dissapointed . I ca n't say the same about the sequels though .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift to my grandson . He is an avid video gamer . He recommends this to anyone who loves video games .
 Extremely Satisfied with my purchase and at how fast everything arrived.I would definitely by from this person again . A + all around ,
 loved this game , just wish it was longer . i didnt get a ton of replay out of it , but i also do everything the first time out
 The only problem I had was the product key code had exspired , with a two hour phone call to Micro Soft , there was nothing that they could have done , they instructed me to return it to amazon . Well one thing I have to say is Do n't ! the wonderful power of the net will find you one ! Because the game is worth it and even though the game is six to seven years old , I have so much fun with it . Anybody in the mood for a game of chicken kicken !!
 Falbe
 I like many others have been waiting a year for this game to finally make it onto the PC from the Xbox . I do n't have an Xbox , but my buddy does so I was able to play the game quite a bit , and I really got into it . I have been waiting ever since to finally be able to play this game myself on the computer . And when I heard they would be releasing it with even more content , I got even more excited . I was not expecting that , but am very glad that they did nonetheless.Some people may complain it might still be a little on the shorter end -LRB- in comparision to other games on the market -RRB- but I for one do not care . The game is so intriguing and simply FUN to play , that I can look past this . And also , being able to go through the entire game several times -LRB- being good , being bad , and then good again , etc. -RRB- and doing different things each time like at the end is awesome and lengthens the game 's life anyways.It is just like the Xbox version in that you can keep playing after the final boss which is nice . That way if you missed any side quests you can still complete them if you would like.The graphics look real sharp too . You can see battle scars and notice as your character ages which is really cool.For those who are into using a lot of the Will Powers , there are plenty to choose from but unfortunately you can only have two in your quick-access menu . For the rest you actually have to bring up the Will Powers menu to select them . I 'd prefer to just be able to asign hot keys for all them , but its forgivable.For those who have played the original several times through , there is n't too much different until u get to head to the new area they added , which I found to be really enjoyable.There is one quirk that I have noticed so far , and it is relatively minor . That is the controls . The default setup just doesnt feel right . Like it has the middle mouse button being the block button , which just doesnt work for me . And the lock-on button seems a little out of place too . But luckily like almost all games , the controls are customizable so its no big deal . After some customization I was back to tearing up bandits : -RRB- In short , it 's definitely worth a look , and in my opinion - worth buying . You shouldnt be disappointed with this game .
 I hesitated a good while before picking this game up at a bargain price . Based upon various reviews and player feedback , I assumed that this game would be like 10 hours long , a bit buggy , and dumbed down . Fortunately , none of this was the case . I had some good fun with this over a weekend -LRB- yes , it can be finished over a weekend -RRB- and did n't come across a single bug . Fable is not in the same league as Morrowind , Oblivion , Gothic 2 , or some of the other great roleplaying games -LRB- RPG -RRB- out there , but it does provide an enjoyable diversion.Gameplay
 I 've been a fan of Peter Molyneux 's work for a while . I waited for Black & White and found the concept was brilliant , but the game itself was a little lacking . Fable : The Lost Chapters fulfills all the expectations I had for Black & White . It 's an amazing game where you can have a completely different experience every time you play it . Every decision you make within the game has an effect on the storyline , your appearance and how you are seen by NPCs within the game . FTLC does this without the boring peasant maintainence which was a major detracting factor of Black & White.Visually , the game is stunning in parts and average in others . Characters hands seem to be unusually large in proportion to the rest of their body at times . There is nothing in the graphics that detracts from the overall enjoyment or playability of this game however . If you have a decent graphics accelerator , there 's really nothing bad to say here . I found the graphics style fun and entertaining . It 's a mix of realistic and cartoon art that works well for the genre.The only suggestions I have for improving upon this game would be to make it longer . Once you start playing , it can be addictive and it seems to fly bye . There were a few avenues that developers could have taken to expand on this game , but the replayability makes up for this since there are so many different possibilities to explore within the limitations of the storyline.I ca n't wait for Fable 2 .
 For KC Oaks , the problem lies not in the game but her/his computer . This game works beautifully with my nVidia 3VGA 7600 GT card.Okay , true that the game is kinda short , but you ca n't cheat on a god mode , so it 's not like you 're gon na finish it in a day or 2 . & for only $ 20 you 're getting you 're money 's worth ; the game is both fun & highly amusing , nothing seems cliche & many things are unexpected . The environment is beautiful , the soundtrack is beautiful , just like American McGee 's Alice 's OST . Cheaters will have to rely on the games exploits ; many seem to have been almost added to the game on purpose because of their humorous nature . Down the line , all games become tiresome at some point , but you 'll end up wanting to play the game at least once a year . I 'm already looking forward to Fable 2 .
 Right , just so everyone knows , I have never played this game , however , i think you should read this.I bought Fable , and found that my computers graphics card was not compatible with it . It is good enough but not supported , so to avoid this i suggest checking the support section of the website before you buy to check that your card is compatible.As they have actually put a list of cards on the site , i assume that this problem is not uncommon so i advise you to check this before buying the game . Just thought you should know .
 I remember seeing previews for this game years ago on the Xbox , and I hated myself for not owning one . I was overjoyed to see it finally released for Windows , and with even more material as well.I really liked this game , and I still do oddly enough . While it may be the same thing every time , it still manages to get me to come back constantly and play again . The story line is great and the plot is deep enough to keep you going.While the game is a bit on the short side , as you may have already noted from other reviews , it seems to keep calling you back over and over again . I could probably blast though this game in one day if I was so inclined , but I found myself enjoying it for far longer than that . While the game may have fallen short of what it was destined to be -LRB- I believe the creators even admitted to this -RRB- it is still more than worth the price and time.I would also like to say that this is quite possibly the best system port I have ever played . Not only was it moved from Xbox to PC nearly trouble free , They even added new content to the game . It may not be much -LRB- max 5 hours -RRB- not worth picking up if you already own the Xbox version , but it showed some decency on the part of the creators to put some more work into the game other than just canning it and throwing it out there for us to blow our money on .
 This is a fun game . I rarely play games -LRB- last two I really played was Dungeon keeper and Final Fantasy 7 -RRB- Very enjoyable , really not at all difficult if you have a pulse and the story was really cool . My gripes are it was too easy , evil mode is rather boring , you age and everyone else does not , too short . Too short is the major gripe . The only difficult part is the prison sequence which was also the best drama of the story in my opinion , I actually got angry and then saddend by the events.They need to make a sequal which is much longer , actually has a point in evil mode and gives some simbalance of in game time with character age.Buy it anyway
 If you have n't yet played this game , well , you do n't know what you are missing...FABLE-THE LOST CHAPTERS is a game so full of great ideas that later games could not stop imitating -LRB- and is n't imitation the best form of compliment ? -RRB- . After being an X-BOX title for too long , it eventually got released for PCs.The game is a Third-Person cRPG starting with your character as a little boy made witness to his village burning and his family getting murdered . The orphan then gets schooled in a military academy -LRB- one of the most subtle and best designed tutorials EVER ! -RRB- and graduates to face his first quest . From then on , this beautiful non-linear and multileveled game never lets you without a fresh surprise!Sure , there is hacking and slashing and sharpshooting to our hearts content ; however , this cRPG 's ambitions do not expire there . Your character will grow , acquire scars and marks , get haircuts and tattoos - whereas his body shape and height will depend on his habits , training and alignment . You can buy a house , impress the ladies and even get married . There are also a number of mini-games within FABLE , from gambling to fishing and prize-duels . The graphics are beautiful -LRB- a bit dated today yet still much better than most systems can handle -RRB- . Facial expressions and body movements are fluid and natural , whereas , grass , flowers and tree branches move to the wind and in your path . There is a weather system and night-and-day alterations . In FABLE you will see the best sunrise and the most rich sunset sky colors EVER ! When a scenery moves you enough you can even take a. . . in game picture that can be viewed later -LRB- they are saved in a special folder in MY DOCUMENTS -RRB- . I am telling you , Peter Molyneux left nothing to chance ! Whatever could be turned on its head , well , it was ... The gameplay is plain brilliant ! The controls are intuitive and the lower-edge-of-the-screen shortcuts could not be more user-friendly . Looting is usual and merchants are abundant . Weapons and armor are well designed -LRB- nothing like the childish ones in ... NWN -RRB- and special unique sets -LRB- rarely -RRB- available.I have completed this game at least three times -LRB- the last one was this summer -RRB- - and I have enjoyed all of them immensely ! Now that the price has dropped , it 's even a bargain!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
 Okay , I 'll have to start by saying that I do n't play many Role-Playing computer games . I 'm a fan of the genre , but I tend to play strategy/command-and-conquer style games.So , when I picked this one up , I did n't have a lot to compare my experience to.I was immediately sucked into the game , and the controls WERE NOT hard to learn , despite what another review said . Character progression is cool , giving a fair bit of control over how you develop both skillwise and alignmentwise -LRB- do you want to be good or evil ? It 's your choice and effects how the game plays out -RRB- . The optional quests and main story quests are all cool , but I have to warn you all
 If you have been listening to Peter Molyneux , you know Fable as a non-linear RPG where your character changes according to your playing habits with tons of rival NPCs , a world that changes according to how you play , and plants growing in real time . He also said it would be the BEST RPG of all time!The development teem must want to murder him , no wonder they lock him in his office during work -LRB- this is true -RRB- . Fable is far from what Peter said it would be , but the end product is also far from bad.Graphics . Good graphics , even though the character models do look very cartoonish . Spell effects are especially good . But it does feel like they used this engine for black and white 2 , or vise virsa.Sound . A great soundtrack , good weapon and spell effects . As for the voice acting ... `` The people of Albion are imigrants from every concieveable point of the British Isles '' ... That sentence covers it , all NPCs have a heavy British accent.Gameplay . The combat is great ! It fells very believeable and fun . But the game is all about how you progress from little kid to an etremely old battle veteran in 11 hours , this system is actually pretty good , you never notice the ongoing transformation of your character , and he will look appropriately good/evil depending on which path you take . As for non-linear , that is true , but it is not open-ended , and for the most part you are following a predetermined path , with little else to do.Length . Dissapiontment , it only takes about 10 hours to get through the whole game in one go , of course , you will want to go back in and do it again . It 's not really long but the experience is increable.Story . What would an RPG be without a story ? Well , Fable has an excellent story . -LRB- No , I am not going to spoil it ! Play it for yourself -RRB- . All in all , Fable is a great game with gorgeous graphics and a great storyline , but it 's a little too short . You could get away with renting it , but mark my words , you will want to play it again.Graphics 9/10Gameplay 10/10Sound 9/10Length 6/10Story 8/10Stability
 A lot of people complain about little stupid things , like how the trees are the exact wrong shade of gray on their computer . I have an XP pro that has a basic intel driver in it . On my PC Fable runs slower then usual and there is no grass and the water is a bright shade of yellow ! I got past this and was able to realize that this game is amazing . Yes its short but the replay factor is so high it really doesnt matter . Add that to huge worlds you can discover and you will see that fable is a game definitly worth getting .
 A game with a backstory stemming from your childhood to adult adventurer -LRB- of some sort -RRB- the quests are strait foreward , yet it is usually more tedious to get to them -LRB- the first time before the Kinis gates -RRB- than the actual quests which involve usually , the hack 'n slash the evil minions to get to the big boss as in most console games . The characters are very generic and uninteresting , including the `` storydriven '' ones as your sister , your academy female `` peer '' and your childhood frineds . MOst are just there to say `` hey there , I remember you '' or something . Most people are generic and boring even the bard is just a lame cardboardish stereo type of no real fun beyond cliche of rhyming . It is a game of you and a world of you doing stuff of paperdolls , no one `` feels
 THIS GAME IS OFF THE CHAIN I LOVE PLAYING IT AND WILL LOOK FORWARD TO A SEQUEL .
 this is definitely a must for a first person game . when you get to be too good or bad your character will have stuff that sometimes fools your vision . If you like doom and Knights this is definitely a great game . the graphics are good , it does not get horribly dark like doom . the progession is not entirely linear , it reminds me of Black and White with the story parts and the extra parts . Just be aware that this game will suck you in and not want to let you back out , so start playing while you have a free day ahead because you will need it !
 For some reason in my copy the text did not always appear on screen . This made it difficult to learn some things . Also the combat can get somewhat repetitious .
 Back when it came out on Xbox , I was incredibly angry ... I only had a silly gameboy ... but when it came out for computer , I just had to have it . I found the game very fun to play , simple controls -LRB- use arrows , not wasd -RRB- and felt very fufilled as the credits finally rolled after the last battle . It does n't take long to finish this game , but play is continuous -LRB- if you watch the entire credits -RRB- and you can always start over and switch to evil/good side for a new version of the game .
 I pretty much knew how this game would be , though I still enjoyed it . Lionhead studios has consistently released games that do n't disappoint .
 Many RPG 's I 've played claim to make your character 's morality integral to the storyline and character development , but this game is the only one I can readily tell a difference . And it is this very factor that yields the game such replayability ! I am thoroughly impressed.If you just want another game-beaten notch on your belt , rent it . But if you value re-play of a title , this game is certainly a great investment !
 Super fun game , although I wish that it was longer . I got this for my mother since I have the Xbox version , and she 's addicted to it !
 I 've recently played Fable for the first time , and while an older title it was recommended to me by a friend . I do n't think I could add anything substantial to the already great reviews here , but if you are looking for a good RPG for the holiday season you should definately check this out . Well done and fun , it is a great little story and a good port job from the consoles . The replayability is good too as you can play through as a bad guy and a good guy.I dare say the graphics do n't feel too horribly outdate either . Good cheap christmas gift for yourself or a friend/family member .
 Fun game to while away the hours . Challenging to a moderate degree . I enjoyed playing this game , the game is an adventure type genre.It is not played over the internet which I personally like , it can be played quickly or in depth , for mayself I chose to get a walkthrough to help find the hidden treasures . Good Luck and Happy GamingFABLE - THE LOST CHAPTERS
 Although this game did not accomplish all that it set out to do it was a great game . The only reason people could be upset with the game is because of the higher expectations they would have had.The gameplay is easy to pick up , the experience points are easy to figure out and a very fun aspect along with the multipliers and strategy involved with all of it . The bets you can make about each mission make it more exciting and harder for intense gamers . On the other hand , you can save often and gain a lot of experience for those who are just looking for a fun experience.Not as much in the area of sidequests as I would have liked but the ones you can do are usually fun . This game was very innovative and if you have n't had the chance to play it hurry up and get it before Fable 2 comes out !
 This is like `` Zelda light . '' It 's got minimal story and is way , way to small . The extra `` chapters '' are 2 - 3 hrs max . There is so much potential , but so little quest . I really like the bright , old-school graphics . Fun , engaging and humorous . Not as adult as it should be for a game that includes liquor , sex and adultery . I really liked it , I really wanted it to be more . Hope `` Fable II '' comes out on PC because I ca n't afford an XBox .
 This game was really really fun . The variety of weapons and armor is good . There are things that make you seem good or bad . For example the Dark Plate Armor gives you a bad reputation and the Bright Plate Armor gives you a good rep. You could go killing town people or bandits . The best part of the game is the fact that you can continue after the final boss and all the different choices you can make . But like almost every game it has a falt in it and that is much to short . For me it was about 15 hours of play with all the side quests that you get paid for . And the graphics are good but unless you have the recommended hardware it can get somewhat jumpy in towns . Also the load time is o.k. at best but i hear the X-box load time is really bad . Over all the game is a 8.5 to 9 out of 10 . Graphics good load time bad overall woot .
 This game is great on any console -LRB- pc or Xbox -RRB- it added so much more depth to the game . The original fable did n't really have much of an ending it more or less just made the story stay in the middle of no where but the lost chapters has made up for it . Here are a few highlights :1 . the game has new weapons and armor ... that 's always good : -RRB- 2 . The game has new spells in particular 2 new ones that are beyond powerful and awesome they allow you to basically attack every enemy in a limited but large radius from you ... and well ... wow !!! 3 . the story was beyond awesome i mean in the first fable you could not condemn lady grey for what she had done to her sister even if you found evidence ... here you can ... the games story makes allot more sense as to what happens to the hero depending on your choice of good or evil it also makes more sense as to why the sword of aeons would be good to have at your side ... in the reg fable you would get this powerful almighty sword you hear everyone talking about and yet once you had it u did n't have any real enemies to use it on because the game was over and your already to strong for the enemies you can fight , in the lost chapters ... the new enemies in the new area/town and final boss make it all to clear why it would come in handy.Overall the lost chapters is in my opinion what fable should have been from the start . If you loved the original fable these ones for you . And if you have n't tried it yet ... skip the reg and get the lost chapters it has everything the original game had and more . More side quest . More mini games . More story . More fun !!!
 The only problem with this game is that you really need to pay attention to the environment to pick up some things , like if you walk past a statue you will have to notice the spade icon comes up and you can use it . It requires a really focussed mind , and you get rewards if you 're good.But , on the other hand , the game makes some things blatantly obvious
 This game is the best single player RPG I 've played to date , and probably my favorite single player game ever . I was told by some that the game was pretty short , but I do n't think it is ... and I hav n't even finished it yet . Just do the side quests and this game is plenty long . Especially for the depth and work that is put into every bit of it . The game is so detailed.Give it a try . It will not dissapoint . Even if you do n't like it as much as I did , it will undoubtably still be a game you enjoy . Either way it 's worth the money .
 The game Fable
 Fable the Lost Chapters is a wonderful game.This game is actually an adaptation of the hugely successful X box version of Fable the Lost chapters.The developers of Microsoft have created a role playing game that takes role playing to a new dimension.In this game you intially start out as a child who has the will to chose his own actions whether right and wrong.Ultimately your actions will determine your future.For example if you help people then your appearance will alter and ultimately your charisma and attractiveness will increase and on the other hand if you perform bad deeds then you will begin to grow horns and your appearance will deteorirate.Graphics
 Christmas time is usually a game-fest for me and I 've played several games over the last few weeks including F.E.A.R. , Quake 4 , COD 2 , Age of Empires III and , of course , Fable . If you only buy one of these games then IMHO Fable is the one to choose!I love the RPG genre starting with Dungeon Master for the Amiga back in the 1980s and Fable is by far the best example so far . Graphics wise its a chase camera view -LRB- much better than the god view that most RPGs use ! -RRB- and feels much like Severance in play but where Severance forced you into choosing one of 4 characters Fable allows you to develop your character as you see fit ; the more you use the sword the more experience you get with it , likewise with the bow and with magic . This experience is then spent on upgrading your skill with that weapon . Of course this is not new - Dungeon Master had this too , but its still the best way of customising your character for a truly unique experience.The other great thing about the game is the non linear quest based play - unlike the mindless Quake 4 where there is only one route through , you can do quests mostly in any order . Again this is not new and the Might and Magic series excelled in this regard , but its part of what makes this game uniquely interesting.The best bit of all is the good versus evil play off . For every action there is a consequence - literally ! Steal from a cupboard and you earn `` evil points '' . Kill a bad guy and you earn `` good points '' . The more evil you are the more evil you look and vice versa . Of course I always play a `` Paladin '' whenever possible so I ended up with a halo - cool!Graphics are awesome and very scaleable . I know because I upgraded my computer halfway through the game - going from Radeon9800 with Athlon XP2800 to Radeon X1800 and Athlon 64 X2 4400 . On the former the graphics were fine at 1280 * 768 resultion , on the latter i turned ever knob to the max and played at 1680 * 1050 and the game rewarded me with a truly awesome display !!! The mixture of british accents used by the NPCs was fabulously funny as was the flirting with wenches . The getting married bit was a bit random and I only managed to have `` sex '' with one of my 5 wives . Actually this was a bit of a distraction and did not really add anything to the game . The adoration of the crowds could get a bit tedious at times but did add to the atmosphere.Gameplay was a little short at 22 hours to the finish and I was very dissapointed that having killed the end of game baddie I could not go back into the game and tidy up any loose ends . GTA San Andreas lets you play as long as you like even after finishing all the missions - just in case there were optional things you had not done . I ended up going back to a save game and doing a few more hours to satisfy myself that I had done everything . Also each map area was quite small leading to a lot of loading time between areas - again if GTA can do the whole of San Andreas seemlessly then why ca n't Fable?Another big missing feature was the `` Jump '' key . Severance took this one stage further and allowed Tomb Raider style climibing which really added to the game . The maps are full of places I would have liked to have explored but could not as I just could not go there . That 's presumably to cover the level designers laziness in not making everywhere viewable from every angle.The RPG genre has taken a bit of a hammering of late with most poeple preferring out and out shootemups . This is a shame as RPGS have so much more to offer than the various Quake wannabees . Hopefully the sheer quality of Fable will rekindle interest in what is IMHO the best game genre .
 The sound track is awesome , graphics are fairly decent , has lots of cool things to do . i beat it bad and good . never did get all 30 keys
 With minor exceptions , anyone who is fond of RPG 's will enjoy this game . Not the best ever , but pretty well polished with a decent story .
 I started playing Fable yesterday after waiting forever , and nearly buying an XBox just for the title . So far the game has been pretty fun , although the controls are a little quirky , and when you are leading NPC 's around , they do n't really listen well . Having to purchase your appearance is also an interesting twist . So far it is very fun , with great graphics , and a new look on RPGs .
 ok i just figured id add a hint to peopleu can eddit ur characters apearance via the pc using paint wont say too much there just havent heard any mention of this and ita one of my favorate aspects of the game
 Aside from all the hype and gorgeous screen shots of this game , I had n't really made up my mind whether or not I would fork over the cash for it when it was finally released for the PC -- it seems the console version left a lot of room for improvement.I can happily say I am pleased to have purchased the game and am really enjoying playing it -- sure , it 's somewhat simple in nature ; yes , the combat system is really just hack and slash -LRB- but can be more if you bother to use its features like flourish and block -RRB- ; sure there could be improvements , but overall , it 's a really solid and highly enjoyable game.The look and feel of the game is enjoyably immersive ... not quite what I 'd call ` realistic ' by any means , but definitely beautiful and enthralling -LRB- particularly the lighting effects and ambient appearance -RRB- . The music is very well done , the story -LRB- and the player 's control over it -RRB- are very entertaining , and the numerous side quests make up for a relatively moderate number of main quests.I am most pleased my character can choose to be -LSB- ... -RSB- or straight -- this type of flexibility is a real rareity in the highly homophobic and bigoted gaming community . Granted , there are plenty of buxom female beauties throughout the game , but your character is not required to wed or bed them to complete quests . I know some people are offended by that sort of thing , but if they would all just be realists for a moment they 'd get that whether they like it or not , -LSB- ... -RSB- people DO in fact exist and make up a larger part of the gaming community than they realize . It 's nice for a player to have real-life flexibility in an RPG , and my hat is off to Lionhead for being brave enough to allow such freedom.Oh , and if what you just read offends you , then you are exactly the kind of ______ I 'm talking about and you can just go jump in the lake . No , I do n't care if you vote my review ` not helpful . ' I 'll still be here , and you 'll still have to get used to it.If you 've been sitting on the fence about buying ` Fable
 This is a must buy!Pros - Great customization/amazing fighting styles / good magic effects/cautious approach , gorrilla tactic , and full on charge are just some of the tactics that the amazing AI has prepared for.Cons-Bad shadow resolution / Currently has a bug where you have to run in compatibility mode / Kill Bill type kills , Ex
 This is an awsome game with much better graphics than the nintendo version . THere is a pretty good sound track but some of the songs are really , really stupid . The game is much harder though with 15 things to acomplish in each level . THe levels are much more well thought out and are much bigger with better design . THe game has a few new sk8ers including the god of street Rodney Mullen who invented the kickflip the ollie imposible , the kickflip underflip , heelflip-darkslide , and many other tricks . Another new cool feature is that you can change the buttons/keys you use for each trick . also there are about 30 different speical tricks that you can choose from.Every time you acomplish a level goal you get money , And with the money you can buy decks , tricks , and stats . Also you can build your very own skatepark with gaps and everything . you can also create your own skater also . Another thing is if you get three gold medals at each compition with eevery sk8er you unlock the chopper-drop hawaii which is a huge halfpipe in the middle of the ocean . Then there is the last secret level which you unlovk when you get all golds and all goals . That is skate heaven ; the biggest sk8 park in the game with huge gaps , a street course , and every terrain imaginable . By far the coolest feature is that when you get three golds with one skater you unlock a 1 minute video of non-stop REAL sk8ing . -LRB- Hint
 It is the sweetest game I have ever played i , m not very far but the game is very enjoyable for kids around 9-15 years old.I myself want to get Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3 but I will wait for next Christmas to ask .
 This game will be great . I 've already played this game on Playstation and PC and it is a great game . This game made me want to skateboard like they do . The characters have awesome signature moves and the graphics rock . This game gives you the action and fun of real life skateboarding , especially with the awesome real life moves and signature moves . This game is great .
 The boys -LRB- 7 & 11 -RRB- enjoy this game . We only have Mac OS X so we ca n't -LRB- or do n't know how -RRB- access some of the games but the boys seem to enjoy the material that is available . We have 2 Mac G4 's and an iMac , the software works well on all of them . I like that its clean , not violent beyond some oofs and faint blood spatters when the skater crashes . I wish I could figure out how to get a joy stick to work with the computers as it would be much easier to do the maneuvers than with the keyboard . We are n't sophisticated computer gamers at all . This is pretty popular with the boys when they are n't allowed to play some online downloadable games . I like that it is inexpensive and can be played off line .
 This game was very hard to pick up on the Mac . It uses a very strange set-up using the C , V , and B keys to pull-off tricks , which I found hard to get used to . What really got me was that only 8 keys were used to get Tony a-skatin ' . I got past that and I was scoring 90,000 point moves ! Great graphics for such an old game , and what great music ! I now own CD 's from most of the groups , like Papa Roach , Powerman 5000 , Millencolin , etc. . Tony 's career had a bumpy start with THPS 1 , but followed it up with one of the best extreme sports games ever . Ever since this game , THPS 3 and 4 were basically just creating characters and playing trademarks . This is the creme de la creme of the pro skating crop . Kudos !
 I am glad that this great game is finaly out for Mac . Me , and other Mac users will probably agree that when you buy this game you will love it . The graphics will be great . I 've played this game on the PC already and it is one good game ! This great game has also made me want to skateboard EVERYDAY ! I 've been practicing skatebording since January and even though it 's hard , I keep going . This game is great and so is skateboarding .
 this is the best game im a girl and i even love this game this game is so fun and adictive you ca n't stop playing it . the soundtrack is awsome i love the punk and hip hop in it . it the best game for kids who ca n't skate and who are trying .
 I am so exited that they released Tony Hawk for mac !! I have been waiting forever . The graphics are great !! I played this game on sega dreamcast and i loved it , finnally it is out for the Mac Yeaaaaaaaa !!
 I love this game so much , I bought it on XBOX , PS2 , and then XBOX 360 . The story , the freedom to roam , and how well it plays off the ` Old Wild West ' theme is freakin ' great . This game is n't really all that long , but it 's glorious . Besides the length issue , there are no problems with this game . Highly recommend it .
 I 'm really into history with the wild west and all so When i first played this game i was hooked , it has a great story line , one of the best parts about this game is , in order to keep your health meter up you have to drink whiskey , most of the time when i was playing this game my dad was watching me , he thought it was a great game and was very exciting , i mean come on if your dad enjoys watching you play this game you know it 's good right . but like most games it does have it 's flaws , there 's only 2 towns you go through , i wish there could have been more western towns and duel combats with outlaws , and the free roaming areas are small so that was a big down fall for the game , and also the most upsetting thing was how short the game was , i was playing it for like 8-10 hours straight then i was done all of a sudden , and when you finish the game 100 % you get a cannon rifle gun , i mean come on whats the use of having a badass cannon gun when you ca n't use them against the enemies that you already have beaten.other than that GREAT GREAT game . an easy 4.5 out of 5
 Gun will give you many hours of fun and captivating gameplay . The overall storyline kept me enthralled , while the constant incentive of achievements kept me hooked . After beating story mode , there is n't much to do in the game except hunt buffalo and ravage nearby towns . Although the storyline is very fun , this game is very boring after that .
 I am into action shooter games and Westerns , and this is a good mix of both of those things . It has some of the best voice acting I have ever heard in a game . To me the game play is solid as a rock . I have never played a game where the horse was an intrigal part of the game , the sheer amount of ways you can maneuver the horse . You can use it in combat , and it beats walking from town to town . I was impressed with the different types of weapons I could use , and the fact that they had some historic accuracy to them . Aside from the main storyline , you can participate in lots of activities , like playing poker , being a bounty hunter , or even riding for the pony express . It keeps the game interesting and more fun . I am glad I purchased it and it is still high on my list of favorite games .
 this game may have dated graphics but the game play is outstanding . I picked it up for 20 $ and play it non stop a must play for someone who likes shooters and western games . Also has a great story .
 Gun for Xbox 360 , while not outstanding , is a solid game that delivers a well-written story , memorable characters , and addictive gameplay.The story , which is full of betrayal , revenge , and Wild West panache and style , will motivate you to play through to the end . In it , you are Colton White , son of Ned White , a hunter and trapper with a secret he needs to tell you . But before he can , he is mortally wounded in a ferryboat massacre ; as he dies , he bequeaths to you a mysterious token and instructions to present it to a person he knows in another town . The ferryboat is about to explode , and with his last ounce of strength he pushes you off the side into the river . As you call out to your father right before you lose consciousness , his last words to you are , `` Damn it , I 'm not your father . `` The voice-acting is top notch , featuring Thomas Jane , Kris Kristofferson , Ron Perlman , and Lance Hendricksen . The in-game cutscenes show off this talent well with excellent motion capture , and you really feel emotion from the characters , who at times seem uncanny.The game is set up as a GTA-style open sandbox world with story missions that move you through the game , and side missions you can take to improve your stats and have fun . The only problem with this is the size of the world , which is commensurate with the short length of the main story -LRB- maybe seven or eight hours -RRB- . There are n't as many things to do in the world as it seems there should be.The gameplay is third-person shooting with a nice variety of weapons , very similar to that in Red Dead Revolver by Rockstar , and quite fun . The horse riding mechanic is easy and fun , as well.Neversoft has the basics down really well , but missed a few details here and there -LRB- for example , poor animation of the wild animals in the game world -RRB- . And the graphics , while superior to other console versions , do not fully utilize the resources the 360 makes available . Overall , this is a good game that , given more development time to polish things up more and a larger scope , could have been truly great .
 I just spent about an hour watching a friend play Gun for the XBOX 360 . Then i got to play for a few hours . While it is disappointing for the graphics not to be better on the new system , i think we all need to remember that this game was not designed or built specificly for the 360 . As with all new systems , it takes a few games before designers are even beginning to tap the potential of new hardware.This game is downright FUN ! While it is indeed too short -LRB- only about 5 hours or so -RRB- if you just play through the story mode , but if you do the side missions and actually care about completeing a game , then GUN is a great buy . You can spen hours alone playing in the card games to earn money for upgrades and such . Also , while the first few bounty missions are extremely simple , they do get harder , and if you try to `` subdue '' rather than just kill to get extra money it can indeed be challenging at times . The graphics , while not designed for 360 , are still very good . The attention to detail is great , when you shoot a guy in the head a piece of his skull will fly off from the side you shoot him on , meaning there are numerous different death or wounding patterns to see and make happen . My favorite from a few minutes ago was shooting a guy in the side of his head and having his eye fly from the socket . Overall I would buy this game , because i am willing to spend the time completeing the game and exploring it for all it is . In fact , i 'm going to go out and get it now .
 This game is excellent . I own it on the classic Xbox and had to try it out on the 360 . I was suprised to find that it does look considerably better , but disappointed to find no additional content.THREE VITAL FLAWS with this game , and that 's it :1 . The map 's too small ! I want to ride across a Morrowind-sized map on my horse , encounter random Indian raids , etc. etc. 2 . Waaay too short .3 . 90 % of the missions are , `` go here and kill this guy '' . A little variety would be nice.Overall though , this game 's a BUY.Oh yeah ... and when did `` product review '' become a blog for nerds ? Take a hike , dweebs .
 I had read a few reviews back when this game came out on xbox and because of the reviews I had never played this game . Then christmas rolled around and I wanted some new games to play on my 360 so I asked for it for christmas . I played a few hours and then went back to perfect dark . Now I 'm back to playing this one again and wow is this game amazing . I 'm really enjoying it more than I did perfect dark or call of duty . Its just a really neat game with lots of different things to do . I heard that it was short so I 've been doing every side mission I can and I am really trying to take my time with it . I really do n't understand all the gripes about this game . Are the graphics next gen ? Um no but they 're not bad like some people say . The graphics look great on my widescreen monitor . But the biggest thing I do n't understand is the gripes about the controls . There 's nothing wrong with the controls . I think that too many people got used to halo controls and expect exactly the same thing which they 're close to the same controls . Either way I think this is a great game even if you do decide to rent it . Its different , its fun , and the story is very engaging . I 'm praying that they 'll make a gun 2 and just make it bigger and longer . I 'm really enjoying my time with this game .
 This game is pretty amazing . This game has an awesome story arc you will fall in love with how simple but good the story is . The graphics are probably where the game fails , the graphics are much better than the previous consoles but still is n't awesome like some titles like Call of Duty 2 but will still satisfy you mainly because of no framerate problems . The music is probably what you would expect more like western style of music but you will probably be suprised how good the sound of the guns and everything else is . My main problem is that the game is a little short , but that does n't stop it from being one of the most amazing titles ever .
 This is a great game and has a great plot to it . It is also very fun because you can go where you want when you want .
 I have the game for Xbox and i am thinking this will be amazingly good ! If some new side missions are added , even better!Gun is a western game , but dont let that get you down . Gun is one of the best games ive ever played . The only thing i have with this game is this lack of multiplayer in any form . Basically in gun , you do a series of missions in the beginning to establish a story line , but then your free to go where you want . By picking up a horse -LRB- dont worry not hard to find them roaming around -RRB- you can ride between towns , at each town there are side missions and the main story line . Side missions have you doing everything from duels at midday to horse chases , to collecting bountys on wanted posters .
 Game is a little lame at start , shooting indians , then at the end have to make-up , -LRB- with the indians -RRB- but over all was an adventure .
 Purchased Activision 's XBox `` Gun '' as a gift . My experience is with PS2 Gun has been excellent , good graphics , sound , competitive , best of several Activision games I own , among others . I would like to see and buy a `` Gun II . Not enough Westerns on today 's market ... mlck
 That basically sums up this unrequited gem from the dawn of the 360 . After picking this up for just over ten dollars , I was pleasantly surprised to find its incredibly fun . Granted , I played this on easy , for when I see a listing of easy , normal , hard , and insane , I read rather no frustration , some frustration , frustration , and homicidal rage primer . Even on easy this managed to be challenging at points.You play Cole , a hunter by trade . After your father and you drop off your latest chops to a steamboat , the boat is ambushed by a fake preacher and a detachment of confederate holdouts . After your father is killed , you run to Dodge City at his instruction , carrying a silver token that earns you a deathmark . The story follows like a fairly decent western as you try to unravel your fathers history and the plot of a rogue confederate general.Along the way , you play cards , hunt wild game , scalp bandits -LRB- or innocents -RRB- , chase down outlaws , and serve as a dodge city deputy . All of these serve to increase stats and supply you with cash for gun upgrades and other improvements . Combat is incredibly fast , and while you can easily be overwhelmed by the materialization of a dozen brigands , your matrix like quick draw powers can easily even the score , and the mechanic is theatrical enough to not ever lose its charm . Sneaking and other non-combat mechanics are rather lame and overly useless , but you 'll not really notice . Voices and characters are detailed and engaging , and several voices are perfect for there parts , and despite the main character failing to impersonate Roland Deschain or Clint Eastwood , you 'll find yourself rooting for him all the same.Not much replay value , unless you 're a diehard gamerpointer and enjoy frustration , but its a fun experience , an easy 900-ish gamer points , and a story that 'll make you smile .
 Loved this game , people say its short but thats because there is no filler . Th story moves along at a good pace . Alot of really good gaming moments in this . Also not that it is a big deal , but the voice acting is superb . It helps the story so much . I love this game and I can see me playing it again . I can play good games over and over , with maybe a small break . Ths is one of my favorite games on the 360 . Such great style . Musc = very good , voice acting = never seen better in a game , Gunplay = entertaining .
 I loved this game ... as soon as I got use to the controlls the game was a blast . The wild west at it 's funnest . Riding horses , shooting American Indians , working the pony express , killin bad guys , taking bounties , it 's a blast . Give it a try long enough to get used to the controlles and you 'll love it !! : -RRB-
 Even though I do n't like Western movies , I like Western games , and I definitely like Gun . I guess my only complaint about the game really is that you can definitely tell it was a last generation title polished a bit for the 360 . The graphics are n't as good , and it can get slightly buggy , but nothing that detracts from the overall enjoyment of the game . The gameplay itself is stereotypical Western movie fodder . Bounty hunting , Native American raids , robbing trains , gambling , brothels , Chinese built railroads , but it 's just all fun ! I feel the game is good for one complete playthrough , but unless you want to play at different difficulties , the game will probably collect dust on your shelf after you 're done . Lots of fun sidequests to perform so you can `` level up '' your character in a way , increasing his stats and earning money to upgrade your weapons . So this game is a lot of fun , and if you can get past the fact that this is a last generation game trying itself out on a next generation console , you 'll probably have fun playing it .
 I love this game ! It arrived early and I have almost gotten thru the entire game with no glitches ! Thanks
 I played Gun years ago on ps2 and it was one of my favorite titles on that console . A lot has changed in the gaming world since Gun was released in 2005 , however this game is still on my personal top 5 list of Xbox 360 games out there . Gun is very deep and has a great story line . It also offers a lot of extra features like side missions , etc. . I still have just as much fun playing Gun as I do playing Red Dead Redemption . You will not be disappointed with this game .
 Classic shooter set in the wild west . You will see better games but for its day it is the top.complexity 3/5graphics 4/5bots 2/5gameplay 4/5story 3/5overall 4.5 / 5age
 I 've found that very few games are compelling enough to sit through the tedious activity of achieving every goal and mission . Yet `` Gun '' takes place in such a fascinating Western world that I found out that endless hours could be spent there . A thoughtful and emotional plot keeps the game fluid , and a fun as well as exciting shooting system keeps the game fresh and interesting . `` Gun '' at times feels like the older watered down version of `` Red Dead Redemption '' and you will find many similarities . Overall a great game for those who love the Western genre , and definitely not an overwhelming shooter for those like myself who only casually pick up the gun .
 Game worked great and it as fun ! Only problem was it did n't come with the art work but it does n't matter .
 A GREAT STORY , GREAT GAMEPLAY , GREAT TEXTURES , GREAT WEAPONRY , GREAT CHARACTERS , YOU WOULD BE A FOOL NOT TO GET THIS GAME ! AND A BLIND MAN NOT TO KNOW THE AWESOME THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH THIS GAME . I RATE WITH 4 OUT OF 5 STARS FOR THE GREATNESS BUT ALSO SOME MINOR FLAWS BUT NOTHING BIGG ! SO DEFINETLY GET THIS !
 This game is hard to win from section to segtion . The game is good for many hours of intence play .
 GUN is by far the best western genre game since Oregon Trail . Now , let us not truly compare the two , since they are from different eras . The fact is , GUN is an excellent standard by which to compare future western games . The problem is , there are not that many in the genre . The horseback riding , the mechanics , and the entire scope of the game make the player truly feel like they are in the 1800s . Bottom line , at such a bargain price , buy GUN , you will not be disappointed .
 This was a very fun game with great graphics and gameplay . The only problem is that this game could have been so much LONGER ! It was way too short , and I am going to be mad if there is n't a GUN II !!
 the game was pretty good , but short -LCB- about 6-12 hours of nonstop play -RCB- most missions were easy but challenging -LCB- except for a select few -RCB- has great graphics , and after you beat the story , you can still roam around , there are side missions like rancher , pony express , bounty collector , sherrif , poker , and more . i was sad when it was over , i really liked it . drawbacks are that the game will leave you horseless in the city after a mission , and it will take 5-15 min . to get back to the city . i would rent it , not buy it -LCB- 3 days of nonstop play will beat it -RCB- P.S. Really 15 , do n't have account
 Get the pun i made there ? Anyway this game truly is incredible undoubtedly . Think a western GTA and you got this game . With all the charm of a real western and a huge area to explore at your own leasure.The detail of this enviroment is fantastic with everything going on that it is hard to keep track of the things going on around you . In this game you play colt an Indian on a journey of exploration to find out who he really is and on the way he comes across some evil men on a quest to destroy the apache indians just to find the lost city of gold.You mission if you choose to accept it is to stop the men and find the lost city for yourself.This game is very fun as you get to play cards and ride horse and just basically blast the hell out of everyone who gets in your way . You will love this game if your a GTA fan and you will just adore it if you are n't .
 I 'm going to preface by saying that I saw the negative reviews for this title here on Amazon before ever trying the game , and went in with relatively low expectations . People knocked it for being a Red Dead Revolver clone , or they knocked it for not being like the Grand Theft Auto franchise , or they knocked it for being like the Grand Theft Auto franchise . You can see below , some call it boring , they ramble incoherently about gnomes -LRB- or ` knomes ' , perhaps they were going for something else -RRB- , and generally pan the title . Certainly , as reviews are the opinions of those writing them , some diversity in terms of the overall appreciation for a given title is to be expected . But in this case , I think the game is taking hits for all the wrong reasons.My sole substantiative complaint about Gun , is actually something of a positive testament to how fun I found it . I feel it 's too short . I wish the storyline and the experience as a whole had lasted a little longer . I 'd have also preferred to go without the constant in-your-face encouragement to race on to the next mission , but that 's hardly unique to this title . I would have liked to have seen a lot more to do in terms of side quests -LRB- although , to be fair , there 's already a ton -RRB- . In particular , I would have liked to have seen the towns and frontier a little more ` alive ' affording unscripted fun off the beaten path , and away from the main attractions . On the next to hardest difficulty level , there 's maybe 18-20 hours of game play here , including getting all the side quests to 100 % . So if I 'm going to offer any bit of advice to prospective players , it would be that you go no lower than that level , or perhaps play on ` Insane ' -LRB- the highest -RRB- in order to pace yourself.One caveat about Gun , is that it is absolutely a mature title . Those familiar with the HBO original series ` Deadwood ' would find that in parts , Gun manages to offer an equal or greater degree of explicit situations and dialog . There are a number of scenes that are surprisingly graphic . It is all part of the aesthetic though , all fits in well , and none of it came off as gratuitous . In fact , and this is an area that will certainly vary with taste , I thought it really added to the game . There were a few points where I stopped sneaking up behind someone to take them out , because I was too interested and/or amused by something the guy was saying or singing . Certainly this is a title where taking your time can yield some unexpected laughs and double-takes . I 'll leave the other standard game review fare to others for the most part . Suffice it to say that the audio and visual presentation are exceptional . Is it making full use of the 360 's potential ? I suspect not , particularly since it also arrived on the previous generation consoles -- but few/no launch titles ever do . The game is not lacking graphically , and visually it 's clear that some really talented artists worked on the skies , landscapes , characters , towns , etc. . It 's as nice to look at as it is fun to play.Within Gun , you will be a law man , a hunter , you will ride for the Pony Express , you will be an outlaw , a prospector , a rancher , a man seeking revenge and answers , and you 'll even get some Texas No Limit Hold 'em in along the way . You 'll carry rifles , revolvers , shotguns , bows , dynamite , tomahawks , knives and swords -- all in the name of surviving , hunting , defending , and seeking justice . To offer too much about the story line would just take away from your experience , should you choose to rent or purchase , so I 'll simply say that while some elements are almost cliche or very common to the Western genre , it was still completely entertaining.I did n't expect to like Gun anywhere near as much as I have . I 'm writing this just after finishing the game , and I 'm entirely comfortable saying that I 'm sorry it 's over . Here 's one consumer hoping more titles like this are developed . How about a sequel , Neversoft and Activision?I 'm glad I own this one , glad I played it , and unlike a few other release titles , I intend to hang on to this one for future replay . It is absolutely worth a rental , and I personally find it entirely worthy of purchase .
 I thought this game sounded interesting , but I stayed away from it because of its graphics . A couple days ago , I traded in a couple of games for it . I got to say that it is a fun game to play , but I suspect it will not have a lot of replayability . Got it from Gamestop , so I think I will return it for something else within the 7 day window they give you . This one is a good renter though .
 This program is `` THE '' program for making your own pro-book for any course . -LRB- each hole has it 's own page , not just a course map -RRB- If it 's not in their data base , make your own.If the one they have is n't detailed enough , fix it.Print it out with yardage markers , and your local muni . is as playable as the country club .
 Golfwits is an all around fantastic golf score and statistic tracking system . It 's got one of the best PDA interfaces I 've seen - a very intelligent use of such a small space . They coin -LRB- or at least used to coin -RRB- it MIMO
 With my PDA I can download the actual golf course I am playing . Golfwits keeps my stats by simply tapping the screen . If I want to know how far it is to a bunker or water hazard I just tap the `` Distance '' mode and Golfwits instantly tells me the yardage . Is that great , or what ?
 I was most interested in the Mapwits program so I could create courses that I play . It took a little bit of learning but it the program works great . I was able to create the course and the with Golfwits print yardage books . It is fun to use and a real tool as I play the game .
 In my opinion there are really only two golf tracking systems to consider buying - Golfwits or Intelligolf . A year ago , when I purchased Golfwits , I did a big search for all sorts of golf tracking systems -LRB- about 30 of them including non PDA ones -RRB- and these were the best two bar none . I found another one called the Golf StatDoctor , which was kinda cool , but without having the PDA interface , it just did n't compare . It provided decent statistics -LRB- and some that neither Golfwits or Intelligolf provided -RRB- , but was also a little clumsy to use . In all , there were only a handful of decent ones . Intelligolf and Golfwits definitely stand out.Comparisons ... Golfwits is easy to use . Contrary to other reviews I 've read , I felt the interface was very intuitive except for maybe when you make mistakes or need to insert penalty strokes . I 'm still not sure if I 'm doing penalty strokes right , but it works the way I do it . Intelligolf is also easy to use.Golfwits has fully configurable stats . You can define your own statistics to either compliment or replace the ones provided by Golfwits . There 's a whole section on this and even a downloadable API for the functions used to perform the calculations . You can do just about anything based on the data gathered . It 's pretty impressive really . This is why I suggest using things such as setting track clubs and making sure to include first putt distance - to get the most out of the program . Intelligolf does not have configurable stats -LRB- or at least it did n't when I reviewed it -RRB- . Intelligolf is a better -LRB- easier -RRB- multiplayer system . If you are tracking scores for more than one player , it can be information overload . Although there is no way to just put the scores in for the other players , you can simply enter putts for those players . It would be nice if they provided an option even further than simply not tracking clubs to allow simply entering strokes for some users . I think this is where Intelligolf has the edge - in multi-player entry . Granted the results are less impressive in Intelligolf , it 's certainly easier for multi-player entry.Golfwits yardages and putting distances are a little touchy on such a small screen . if you 're hands are a little shaky you could have some problems . They 'd have to be pretty shaky , though . Intelligolf has no visual components , so this is not an issue.Golfwits average yardage statistics for clubs include miss hits and chip shots . The stats are configurable to include/exclude miss hits , but chip shots are another story . You may wish to use a special club -LRB- GW or other -RRB- whenever chipping so as to not affect your clubs stats . Intelligolf has both problems - it does n't have a `` Miss Hit '' option.Lack of courses . Golfwits has 7000 + . Intelligolf has 18000 + . This comparison is not fair because Intelligolf courses have no graphical information , so I 'm sure people are submitting courses all the time for that application . A con for Golfwits . A pro for Intelligolf.Golfwits has some good side games , but I 've never used them . From my playing around with them , I 'd say they are as good as Intelligolf or maybe better if you are willing to enter all the stats for each player , however , since Intelligolf has the edge on multi-player use , I 'd say side games are probably more convenient in Intelligolf , but that 's just me speculating . I have no real experience here.Golfwits is better at capturing more statistics with fewer clicks - MIMO . If you use the extended features in Intelligolf , such as fairways hit , GIR , sand saves , etc , it negates the benefits over Golfwits and in my opinion takes more effort to put in all the things because you have to manually input all this data . Plus , you 'd have to manually input distances , etc. . Where Golfwits takes three clicks to put all this information in , Intelligolf would take four or more clicks plus the manual yardage inputs and it lacks the visual benefits of Golfwits.There are many , many other things I could compare , but these are the ones that stand out in my mind as I write this review.Summary ... If you are looking for an individual game tracking system that provides the best statistical output based on the information you enter , Golfwits is the best one . Though Intelligolf still provides good statistics -LRB- as good as Golfwits in some respects -RRB- , the visual aids included with Golfwits and the ability to tailor the statistics to your own needs makes it the better choice.If you do n't care about statistics as much and just want to track your scores -LRB- and the scores of others -RRB- , Intelligolf is probably the way to go because it allows you to enter just scores and also allows you to view all player 's scores on one page easier.Read my other reviews on `` How It Works '' and `` Courses and Mapwits '' .
 I bought this last year and I 'm still a fan a year later . First off I should admit I 'm a bit of a gadget freak , so the hole idea of an on-course management tool appealed . Raves go to the interface & the fact that I have n't found a course that I have n't able to download . Now imagine this ... you 're on the couse with a friend -LRB- a rival ! -RRB- and you whip out your iPAQ , tap it a few times and say , loud enough for your competitor to hear
 i bought the game to upgrade and older version . i love this and am addicted to gin , 500 rummy and solatire . i play it every day . the charaters are fun . you create your version of you or who you want to look like . you even get a voice . it 's great
 i thought this version is more fun . it has more games than the other one . i like the fact that our character talks now .
 Fun card games for all the family . My daughter likes Go Fish and Old Maid . My wife likes Gin and Hearts . I like Spades . There 's a lot more games than that . The Face Maker is a lot of fun to play with . You can change backgrounds and an assortment of items to place in each player 's space , which is kind of fun . You build up points each game you play and earn enough points to buy these items . A separate Texas Hold Em card game disk is included which I have never installed or played since it does n't appeal to me , but it is the big thing these days and I 'm sure it is good .
 I love Hoyle pc games . I purchased the Word , Card , and Board games years ago and decided to update my collection . I am glad I did . I have found new games for my family and I to enjoy .
 This is one of the best card game software that I have ever used .
 I mainly like the feature where you do not have to worry about the CD giving out due to the whole program being on the hard drive .
 The games are challenging and all function as appropriate . The games are good for all ages .
 While the 2005 version is much the same as 2004 , there are two new games . Spite & Malice and 500 Rummy have been added to the mix . In addition , while there are no new characters to play with , the Facemaker has several new characters that can be bought with Hoyle Bucks . These , like the others , can talk and are animated.One major improvement is that after installation , the games can now be played without the CD.Still great fun . Highly recommended .
 This is a fun game and the price is right . 33 card games total . Installation was a breeze . I do n't know how to play some of the games included but this will serve as a training tool for me to learn . It features in-game tutorials & tips . I only wish there were more choices to customize the look of your player . Bare bones inside the box , no CD cases for the 2 discs & no manual at all . works on windows 98/Me/2000 / XP
 I was reticent about buying this after the reviews of 2004 . I have often bought each updated version . One thing I like about this is that it is 20 bucks instead of 30 like the previous versions were . I think there is a good cross section of games as well as a good format for solitare . The music is good . I also like the way one can accumulate Hoyle bucks to buy new backgrounds , cards , etc. . It gives an added incentive to play the games.I have n't been smart enough to figure out the more complex games but I like the characters . Sierra no longer exists as it 's company was restructured so I recommend buying this while it is available . Hoyle has been the best in terms of software stability , presentation , and variety of various games . Friday Night Poker which was included was n't that great . I do n't play that stuff . The 20 dollars for the main disk is well worth it .
 I was so happy to see Hoyle come out with a new version , and boy is it better . A lot more games and new characters . You can even create a character that actually looks like you . This is great when nobody in the house feels like playing cards . I play it CONSTANTLY ... in fact , I got ta go play some cribbage right now .
 I played the poker and hearts games right away , and was very impressed with the competition . I liked the build-a-player feature where you can create your character with any look you want from dozens of choices . The computer players each have their own personalities and are pretty funny.The game has quite a bit of choices to customize the look , feel , and sound -LRB- The betting chips in the poker game I played consisted of cheese puffs , pretzels , dog bones , etc. -RRB- There are 13 poker variations , plus 20 complete games to play . Well worth the investment .
 This is the best version of Hoyle cards yet . All games play reasonably well . There is still a lot of improvement needed in the bidding and play of the hands in Bridge , Pinochle , Spades , and Euchre . The new Hoyle Bucks adds some new purpose in trying to win . If you are into playing cards , this is the best bang for the buck .
 This game is great , and you can install it all to your hard drive , so you dont have to mess with the cd . takes 550 mgs of room . well worth the price if you like card games ...
 My computer crashed recently and this card game was deleted from my hard drive when it was was worked on and restored . I tryed another version , but did not like it as much as the 2005 version . I was happy to find it on Amazon and even happier about the price .
 Hoyle Cardgmes 2005 is probably their best game . Later versions with internetaccess is nowhere as good . If you just want to play the games 2005is the best . I have a much later version that I am sorry I bought.The sender , on the other hand was not so great . Package lacked my apartment number -LRB- that is in my address at Amazon -RRB- so it went to another state and I never got it . Sender did return the money I paid for the game but did not return the shipping price of $ 5.00 This game was bought on ebay where I 've never had a problem in all the years I 've been buying on ebay .
 Hi , the best computer card game I have seen , its even better than 2009 version , which I bought but do n't play . Only improvement I could suggest is to add multiplayer support .
 Wonderful game ... I play it for hours , especially when I 'm winning ! Although , I would like to knock some of the players up side of the head -LRB- lol -RRB- . . many enjoyable hours
 I have loved Hoyle Card Games for over 50 years and now in the internet Age they are even more fun .
 If you love card games , Hoyle offers the best selection with characters , sounds , animations , and choices . There are tons of solitaire games also and if you start with one , play it until you win , then go on to the next , it becomes a challenge everyday . And if you love Bridge , Pinochle , Spades , Hearts , Canasta , etc. , they 're all there . Unfortunately , the rules for each game used to be easily accessed on Windows XP , but are not available when you move to Vista ... at least not on my computer ! . So ... if you ca n't figure out what to do to play some of the Solitaires , you 're out of luck .
 I absolutely LOVE this set of games . The Facemaker is fun , the games function properly with only minor glitches -LRB- ` losing ' music rather than ` winning ' music when Gin is won -RRB- , and the characters , while after much play are fairly predictable , still add so much to the overall effect . The ` revenge ' feature is great , and the animation is good , but could be expanded . The biggest beef I have with this game is the lack of human characters as alternates ; playing cards with animals and aliens is silly and juvenile . More ` normal ' , though quirky , personalities like Hedda , Chloe and Elayne are needed .
 The Hoyle card game is the ultimate card game ever assembled by any card company . It includes such games that are hard to find on the internet . Therefore , I recommend the Hoyle card game for anyone who love the game of cards to try it for yourself .
 This is my second disc of these same games . I love playing them every time I turn my computer on . I enjoy playing every day .
 Very interesting game you know when there going to win and when there trying to keep it close . And the Canasta if you win 15 to 20 in a row you can hang it up there cheat with the best of them . who every made this game need to thing less computer more Human .
 I like the characters and even ` talk ' to them . They have their own ` Personalities ' . I also like the convinience of not having to use the disk whenever I play . I enjoy this game very much !
 I had the older version 2002 , this new version has lots more characters and facemakers , , backgrounds are super and many more games to play . Also has very good background music , if you want to listen to it . Colors are super also . all around good game package .
 I think this is the best for playing card games and solitary . It has caricatures that you play with . They add amusement to the games . They send you a copy of the Hoyle instruction book . The variety of games is great . Because of the reviews I purchased the 2005 version instead of the next version . I had purchased a different card game and it was diffently not as good .
 This is definitely a quality PC card game . It installed flawlessly . Gameplay is great and it is very entertaining . Hoyle does these games correctly.John -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Fantastic So much better than the 2001 version I have . Much more interaction and I like the Hoyle bucks you can earn and spend on extras for the games . But I did not get the plastic holder for the game disc-only the outside box .
 Great fun ! Especially enjoy playing Euchre . Even the game of Fish is fun .
 Excellent . Reminded me of the rules of some gamesI have n't played in years .
 I love Hoyle Card Games . Ever since the Facemaker came along , I 've been having fun creating versions of people I know . This latest iteration is no exception , but now you are doing your customizations with Hoyle Bucks - a virtual carrot for you to chase that `` unlocks '' neat new features.These new features include the ability to make monsters and pets -LRB- one style cat and dog , unfortunately -RRB- , choose new music , choose new decks and backgrounds , and customize your character 's play space with objects such as disco balls and a cold beverage . The virtual carrots also include new boards for cribbage . Nicely done.My one point of contention comes with the new players and the bowing out of some old players.The carryover players , such as Harley and Elaine , have very few new lines , if any . The new characters are pretty shallow and not entertaining in the least , save Capt. Scurvy . One question
 The Hoyle Card Games 2005 is the best on the market . The graphics are great . So many games . I tried 2 other versions -LRB- 2011 -RRB- for one and the graphics were nowhere near as good . I would recommend this to anyone . At least 50 different games of Solitare . Gin , Canasta , Skat , Spite and Malice , different Poker games , Hearts , Spades , Euchre , Rummy and many more . It was worth tracking down ,
 THIS IS MUCH BETTER THAN THE RECENT HOYLE GAMES ... GOT A 2009 VERSION , HAD PROBLEMS WITH IT , CALLED HOYLE , THEY COULD NOT CARE LESS AND REFUSED TO HELP ... STICK WITH THE OLDER VERSIONS , THEY ARE SIMPLE , GREAT GRAPHICS AND EASY TO WORK WITH
 Far superior to 2010 , no comparison . This is a joy to have and the characters ' voices and personalities are a riot . Can play without CD so you do n't always have to load it in to get smart comments . I highly recommend this version .
 This is the third Hoyle card game I 've purchased . It is the best by far . My granddaughter -LRB- 11 yrs old -RRB- and my wife -LRB- 68 yrs old -RRB- both play this game almost exclusively . My wife has learned several new card games with this program which she plays often . The Facemaker program was versatile enough for me to create images that closely resemble the players . I particularly like that this program runs completely without having the CD loaded . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by Stubee
 Very good games . Good way to pass the time and be entertained .
 As some of you may know , this game is the fourth in a series of four -LRB- so far -RRB- . Even though it 's the first and only one I have , I absolutely loved it . The storyline is intriguing , the characters are charming , and the graphics are fantastic . I 'd really like to rate this 41/2 stars , but it compensated in addictive gameplay what it lost in other areas . My only complaints are that the puzzle solutions -LRB- if you can call them puzzles -RRB- are hard to figure out on your own , and I did n't get far without help from a hint guide . But this is one of those games that you can experience without having to figure out for yourself , and I enjoyed it just as much with help . Although it is a Mac OS 9 application , it works seamlessly with OS X and caused me no technical problems . Definitely a good buy !
 I just ordered the new Monkey Island , and it 's awesome ! Great humor , storyline , and graphics ! The only problem is some bugs , which do n't matter because Aspyr already has an update out . This is a great way to return to the Monkey Island series and LucasArts games on the Mac . Hopefully , LucasArts will let Aspyr port over some other games soon .
 I got a Mac laptop recently so was quite pleased to see this in Mac version . I did go looking for patches before picking it up thanks to earlier reviews . There are two - both are available not from LucasArts but from the company that translated the game to Mac.I recommend Monkey Island games to anyone who loves wordplay and goofy puzzles rather than blood and guts . Great fun , especially since you do n't die , you just get stuck .
 I teach high school . Bought this to reward my students who excel . Heck with them ! I played it and laughed the whole time . Dear Lucas Arts
 This game is funny , it has awesome background graphics , and a fun storyline.People always complain about the controls , but they are easy . You are a mighty pirate named Guybrush Threepwood , and you need to stop the Ultimate Insult . The puzzles are sometimes easy , sometimes hard ... and I did need a couple of hints . Overall , it was only 10 dollars and it took me 2 weeks to beat it!IT IS WORTH IT !
 I bought this game -LRB- PC version -RRB- at a very low price and I can say it was well worth paying full price for if I could n't find it on sale . I played it until I could n't figure out how to beat the grand monkey . I was almost done with it too . I beat at least 5 island monkeys when I gave up . I have n't picked it up since -LRB- 6 months ago -RRB- . I recently bought the Mac version , just waiting to load it . All in all I really liked the game .
 This game is fun for all ages . I like the variations of pool , but there needs to be a connect four game on there . Sometimes , the software will not let you change or add characters when you need to.If you are bored or if you are stuck at home in the winter , or if you really like these types of games , then you will enjoy this software .
 I had the hoyle board games & puzzle games installed on my computer . I had more fun with this program than any other game on my computer . And I had lot 's . There is something for everyonewith this collection . All my friends would want to play . . my kids . . and my boyfriend too . I recently reformated my hard drive and lost my board games . . among other loved programs , this one I miss the most .
 What a great selection of games ! I 've owned it for three months and have probably tried about 25 % of them . Occasionally I 've downloaded a game for a free trial only to discover later I already have it -LRB- or a very close approximation -RRB- in Hoyle ! There are games here for everyone.The only drawback is not being able to save a game in progress when I have to get back to work . Considering the price , this drawback is hardly worth mentioning .
 I have n't played all of the games included in the box set yet , but the games that I have played are even more fun than I remembered . There are 10 computer characters that you can choose to play against . I find most of them a little annoying , but you have full control over how much they can speak . I have already gotten many hours of enjoyment out of this box set and still have many games to try .
 Challenging , well thought out through out . It is giving me many hours of mind searching fun . Great value .
 Adults and kids alike play these all the time at our home.Love the product.Good learning tool also .
 I got this from the library , and it 's awesome ! You install it , and then you do n't need to put the disc in to play it . The games are awesome ; over 40 of them . You can create your own character that looks just like you , and you can play with other people too . When you play with the computer , you can earn money to spend at the store on the disc . It 's so awesome . You can also play pool on it , which is one of my favorite games . I would definitely recommend this to anyone interested.-Review by Brianna , Age 13
 Very fun game , had an older version at my parents house and now I have this one . Awesome play and gaming .
 I loaned out my other copy and did n't get it back and searched about ten stores trying to look to buy another copy and no one was carrying it . Most are carrying action or poker . I knew I would find it on your web site . It is a great game and I get many hours of pleasure out of it.Jeanne
 There are so many great games in this collection , my favorites are slide tiles and 8 ball pool.I think you will love these games . The hoyle bucks are fun to win and spend .
 This 2 disc set offers a great variety of both board & puzzle games ranging from traditional classics like backgammon , chess , checkers , battling ships & pachisi to great card games , puzzle & word games . I highly recommend it for families & for individuals .
 I am in my 30s and my mother in her 70s . We both have doctorate degrees and we both love this product . It has all the staple games - backgammon and mahjong are particular favorites , with many options . My mother found the crosswords a little too easy , but they are challenging to me .
 bought this for my husband after doing some online research - he was jonesing for a great backgammon game and this one seemed to fit the bill - and boy does it - he loves it and now i cant ' t get him off it to eat dinner or just about any other thing !!!
 I like the selection of games in this set . This was a replacement of a board game CD I had a while back . I like this one better .
 Great update to their classic board games funn for all .
 These games are a lot of fun to play , there are lots of interesting characters to choose from as opponents and fun dialog .
 The Puzzle and Board games are both included here , on two CDs . One major improvement over the 2004 version is that after installation , the games can now be played without the CD.There are no new characters to play with , but there is one new game . Zilch , a dice game , has been added . In addition , the Facemaker does have several new characters that can be bought with earned Hoyle Bucks . These , like the others , can talk and are animated . Hoyle Bucks can also buy some alternate game boards and alternate dice , another new feature.These Hoyle Sierra games are highly recommended .
 Do n't have previous version , 2006 version not on Amazon , but figured someone might like to know about the current version . First off you can load the games on a computer and do n't need the CD 's to the play the games . Here is the list of games from the content page from the manual since the box does not tell you all the games it comes with .1 . anagrams2 . crosswords3 . edge tiles4 . sudoku5 . kakuro6 . jewels7 . drop it8 . gravity tiles9 . hangman10 . mahjongg11 . maze racer12 . maze raider13 . memory tiles14 . placer racer15 . rays16 . slide tiles17 . solitaire arcade18 . star collector19 . incredible machine20 . time breaker21 . word searches22 . backgammon23 . battling ships24 . bump 'em 25 . checkers26 . chess27 . chinese checkers -LRB- 6 players , human or computer , with human players taking turns in front of the computer -RRB- 28 . dominoes29 . master match30 . maximum pool31 . pachisi32 . reversi33 . rummy squares34 . wordox35 . word yacht36 . yachtThe box says over 45 games and there probably is , I just listed the ones the content page mentions . Hope that helps someone make a decision if they want to buy it , it would have helped me . System requirements Pent III 450mhz , 128 Ram , 700 mb hard drive space , 16 mb video ram . I do n't think those are set in stone since it will run on less then that but better to be safe then sorry . I think it just depends on the game , since most of the games in this set are not fast action and lots of 3D graphics .
 I bought this after previously owning the 2003 version of board and puzzle games . One major improvement is the cost . I used to pay 60 or more to upgrade each new version of Hoyle from year to year.I like that they included MAximum pool ; though you need to unplug your gamepad or joystick from the USB port or the pool game wo n't run . I agree that sometime it is ridiculous to pay each year to get a few new games . But I feel the Hoyle has had the most user-friendly , presentation of classic games . I do n't have errors running the games though the online system has bugs in it . . Nonetheless . you get three new games from last year . The game can be installed to the hard drive without needing the disk . The pool game is great . Plus you get a few games you can download onto a PDA . 36 games for 20 bucks is a great deal .
 It 's Christmas or someone 's birthday , and your cash is running low . What game to buy ? This one . For under 20 bucks you get a very entertaining assortment of games , some cute , some educational , and some addictive . Wordox is a powerful version of Scrabble -LRB- tm -RRB- with a vengeance . There are differences , since Scrabble is still copyrighted . For example , in Wordox you must work from the same set of letters , and each letter earns the same number of points -LRB- more or less -RRB- . The interesting twist is that you get to take away from the opponent 's points by extending his words , as in converting take to intake . Pool is very good , and Captain Scurvy -LRB- one of the computer players -RRB- is a sharp shooter . But use your brains and you can whoop him in Carom , a version of pool with three balls , two of which you must hit with your ball . The traditional board games , such as Checkers and Chess are average . If you play as red in the following sequence , F3-E4 G6-H5 , G2-F3 E6-G5 , E4xG5 H7xG5 , F3-E4 G8-H7 , E4xF5 H7xG6 , etc. , you can win the entire game without either side kinging a piece . Better checkers games are available for free -LRB- e.g. , GuiCheckers -RRB- . Thus , do n't expect to become a checkers or chess master by practicing with Hoyle . I could write a 4 page review about this package , but suffice it to say , I ca n't think of anything else you can buy for under $ 20 that will give your kids this much entertainment . There are many sick games out there on Xbox , PS2 , Game Cube , etc. . Destroy all Humans is one of them . Try to steer your child to Hoyle . The kid will learn much more . Ultimately , is n't this what you , as a parent , are after ?
 Some of the games are very addictive . There are a few nits I want to pick . I would like to be able to access their dictionary that they have set up for the word games . I 've never seen some of what they call words . I 'd also like to be able to clear the high score tables . You can delete your statistics , but that does n't clear off the high score tables in any of the games.I like Facemaker , do n't particularly care for `` Hoyle Bucks , '' and am very thankful that you can shut off the comments from the computer players . Of the two , I play more of the puzzle games than I do of the board games , but am glad to have both .
 The graphics , sound effects , and the virtual playmates are great . My favorite character is Hedda , the competitive german world class champion ... I like when she gets a bad hand , . . over and over , ... and then comments about it , ... it cracks me up . I like the sounds of the tiles turning , ... and how you get something for winning , ... like dancing bears on your screen , and hoyle bucks to buy new things for your characters playing area , game boards ,
 When I first got this game I did n't know how to play Chess . But now at 42 yrs old I know how and I 'm very good . All the games are exciting and a lot of fun .
 This is an excellent compilation of games , great for anyone who likes a challange . I had this once before then lost the discs . So it is so good that I am willing to replace it .
 Large variety of interesting games with clear instructions on how to play .
 This edition comes with two CDs packed with games . Great value and fun for all ages .
 This is great for the whole family ! My kids love it !
 I really enjoyed the graphics and pace of the Tile games
 Not having seen the movie , I ca n't comment on screen-to-PC authenticity , but KnowWonder 's Brother Bear game is an entertaining romp through a variety of gorgeous , interactive environments -LRB- Aspen forest , Valley of Fire , Salmon Run and more -RRB- on Kenai 's quest to become human again . The game is narrated by Rutt and Tuke , aka the SCTV McKenzie Brothers of moose -LRB- voiced by hosers Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis , eh ? -RRB- , who explain the rough idea of Brother Bear
 This is a nice fun game for children . You get to explore Kenai 's world in 3-D . There is narrating to help you along understand the story . You get to have the adventures in brother bear , you play as Kenai and Koda as bears , but you can transform into a wolf , eagle , or a crow . also the conrols are easy to leanr , and the game is very colorful . Overall a very nice and colorful game for youngsters.I hope you enjoy this game . it will leave you smiling . : -RRB- have a nice day ! : -RRB-
 This is a beautiful game . Graphics are super . The whole family can enjoy the Brother Bear game . Makes a terrific holiday gift .
 Brother Bear is a very entertaining and funny movie to watch . If you 're looking for a little humor , entertainment , or somehting to watch , then Brother Bear is the movie for you . Brother Bear is a cartoon based on religion and a very adventurous movie . Brother Bear is a movie based on the main character Kenai who is still searching for who he is and learning more than what he expects to retrieve . Kenai learns his lesson by his brother Sitka dying , because of an incident with a mother bear . After Sitka 's death Kenai seeks for revenge and during his journey he is taught a lesson . While being taught this lesson he is transformed into a bear and figures out what 's important in life is to learn how to love the one 's around you . But , at the end of the movie Kenai has to make a decision whether to be himself or to stay the way he is.Brother Bear is a movie related to religion by the tribal worships of the spirts and how an individual from the tribe becomes intiated into the tribe . For instance , Kenai was intiated into the tribe when Tanana put markings on his face and gave him a chain with a bear and told him he is `` Brother of Love . '' Also , the movie relates to religion by the end of the movie the tribe put on costumes that resembles different spiritual animals that the tribe worships and does a traditional dance around the camp fire . Even though the movie was based on one surrounding area where the tribe settled which would be called a local ; for example , Kenai was looking for the high tops of the mountains where the light shines and where the spirits surrounds the high tops of the mountain , so he can transform back into himself , because he was transformed into a bear to be taught a lesson .
 this game was very good but it was very strange if you did n't watch te movie it will be very strange and it is also very hard .
 The Matrix
 This is the game that should have been instead of Enter the Matrix . It is so much fun playing as Neo on a Matrix game . I have n't finished yet ; but for what I have played , I have been almost 100 % satisfied with the game but like all games , this has a few flaws.One of the good parts about the game is that the controls are excellent . Neo pulls off some awesomely fantastic moves . The graphics are points are great , but at other points not so great . I agree that they could have been better . The fun factor is great , it is fun . The game is long , I 've been playing for a few hours and I 'm still on the first movie . The game also follows the movie almost exactly ; some parts can be changed if you choose to do things different that what was seen on the movie.There are some down sides to this game . The camera angles sometimes moves to places where you ca n't see some of the things that are going on screen . When you die or skip the story , some of the noise is occasionally lost during some battles . The only other big problem I have seen with the game is what Jeffrey S. Stanley `` Viper_29 said that when the guns are used and I lock on to opponents , when they die the lock automatically aims at the floor instead of the next bad guy and it can be at times frustrating.Overall great game , fans of the Matrix will love it , but it does have flaws . I do recommend this game
 First off , the only problem I have with this seller is that they never mentionedthat it was NOT BACKWARDS COMPATIBLE , but beyond that , everything was satisfactory onthe seller 's part.I played this game years back , and I ordered it after watching the trilogy recently.I opened the game and put it in my 360 only to find that the game is NOT BACKWARDSCOMPATIBLE !!! Nobody had made comments on the product concerning this issue . I would have never thoughtabout this previous to having this specific problem . I am horribly disappointed and now Ihave a fun game that I will not be able to play at all : -LRB-
 This is the game `` Enter the Matrix '' had wet dreams about . Fluid control , a deceptively deep combat system , and more jaw dropping fight scenes than you can shake a 9mm at . The gun combat could be a little more finely tuned , but it works . Though who would want to use a gun when you can run across a wall , jump off and spear someone to the floor , pick them up by their legs , swing them around in circles , and launch them at a group of their homies ? Because you can do that .
 Hey , what can i say ? THIS game is much more like what the first game should 've been.This game is not linear as other reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- have suggested.Yes , it follows a VERY familliar story-line for fans of the series . But , this program allows you to act out some of the BEST battles that NEO had to offer within the trilogy.The way they meshed the movie bits with a new perspective was very nice . 600 DIFFERENT ATTACKS ! I think that 's incredible.Some are so creative you 'll find yourself attached to them more than others . But , there are so darn many you may never use all of them ! New characters written in by the Wachowski 's , come new environments , and the original voice actors . Better graphics than the first , better action . Easier to control characters.The only complaint i have is that your friends AI is not all too smart . Once in a while they 'll walk right in front of you while you 're shooting and bite the big one . Or , stand too close when you detonate a bomb and -LRB- again -RRB- bite the big one.Other than that , this was as great as i expected it to be.I 'm not even a die hard fan of the movie franchise.I am , however , a fan of this game . A fun program whether you 're a hardcore fan or not . But , it does help to know at least a little about the movie first .
 Okay , I have seen quite a few reviews on this game and people either love it or hate it . There is no middle ground . I have to say that while I have n't finished the game , I can report on what I have seen so far.In regards to the graphics , I think this game pulls it off fairly well . I have n't noticed much of any lagging in the frame rate department . Yes , the graphics could have been better , but as they are I have no significant complaints . They are better than Enter the Matrix -LRB- ETM -RRB- . They are definitely of a newer generation quality on the Xbox . While the graphics of the characters look good , there is a lot of background that also factors in . When you fight someone and knock them into a wall or other structure , that structure will break and reflect the hit.The fighting system is fairly good . They have made it fairly simple and I never considered it a button mashing style . You basically have a few buttons that you use in addition to using the left joystick . You will accumulate moves as you progress through the game and also increase your `` focus '' which allows you to do all the famous moves from the Matrix universe such as dodging bullets and such . The training missions were a little long but they do help you to get a grip on the combat system . I have had several moments where I fought multiple opponents and had two attack me at once . I was able to grab them both as they swung at me and grabbed one hand and then the hand of the other and was able to defeat them while holding them together at the same time . It was one of the coolest moves I have ever seen in a game and it was silky smooth while it happened . You can move the camera angle during the fights and when you perform a special move the time will slow down and you can swing the camera to view it at any angle . Nice touch.The shooting portion of the game is the one letdown here . You have to click the right joystick to draw the weapons and then you have to use the right joystick to switch from target to target by moving it left or right . The bad thing here is that you will continue to shoot a person even after they are dead . This makes you waste too much ammo . I had to switch back and forth from having my weapons drawn to switch to another target . Another annoying thing was that the camera lock would lock in a position even after the body of the person was gone . Again I had to click the right joystick and reclick it again to move on . The jump moves are nice when you engage the focus and you can pick people off from in the air.There was a new ending rewritten for this game that is different from the movie . I have n't seen it yet but if I had I would n't post it to spoil it for any others playing the game . All in all it is a entertaining game that is worlds better than ETM . One thing when I popped it in the Xbox last night while playing it I definitely wanted to pop in my Matrix DVD to watch it again . This is definitely a renter for everyone . If you are a Matrix fan , you will most likely enjoy this game quite a bit . I could see a bit of influence from the Mortal Kombat games in the training sequence . When you play it you will probably see it as well . My local EB was able to hold a copy for me but they completely sold out of all the copies they had . They told me they were following the sales performance of this game but they suspected that it would be a sleeper hit . If sales of ETM are any signal , then this game will probably sell well into the millions . Give it a try . Chances are you will enjoy it enough to say `` that was n't a bad game at all '' . Enjoy .
 At the beginning of the game I was worried due to the first level being sort of a stealth mission , I despise most stealth games . Luckily the game just starts slow with a tutorial of sorts but then gets hopping once the action starts up . -LRB- You start out at Mr. Anderson 's desk answering the phone , and play pretty much through everything you see in the film . Well , almost everything . =-RRB- -RRB- I found the graphics to be pretty nice and at times forgot this was a last gen title , the sound was good but I did notice lag or skipping on occasion in that department.My main gripe with this title is that if you have n't seen the films , I doubt you will know what in the heck is going on ! The cut scenes between the levels are so oddly mashed together that it may actually confuse you more ! I 'm not sure why they did this , perhaps lack of disc space ? But it just makes the story line that much harder to comprehend.I found the camera to have some fumbles , but the action to be excellent and I love the progression of starting out weak and eventually really feeling like you are the super man known as Neo.The levels were fairly diverse and the action is easy to pull off with some rewarding new upgrades for your character along the way . The story also has some new parts of the world not shown in any of the films , along with new characters . Was this needed ? Probably not , but it is interesting and I enjoyed the Merovingian 's upside down level design . I also loved how angry and foreboding Mr. Smith felt , as per usual.If you have a choice between this or Enter the Matrix , I would go with this title . The story lacks in terms of the cut scenes but is otherwise fluid , the graphics and action is more refined then Enter the Matrix , and the feeling of progression is very cool.Some will complain about the ending being changed for the game , but both Andy and Larry make a special `` in game '' cameo to explain why they did such , and how the movie ending most likely would n't have worked as well as a game ending . I tend to agree , and it did n't bother me in the slightest . I actually found it interesting.Gameplay
 My Experience : I recently got this game as a gift from my parents , and because at the time I had never seen the movies , I waited until I saw them to play it . When I turned on my old xbox , and pressed the start button , I could n't have been more pleased . This is the game the super-exceeds Enter the Matrix . I still have not finished the game , but from what I have seen ... Mind Blown.Story line : So far , the video game has followed the plot of the movie exactly . Everything from the escape in the office at the start , to the training and focus in the middle . The clips from the actual movies themselves help with this feature . Tie-ins are great and , I almost believe that after playing the game , if you picked choices right , you would n't have to watch the movies . There are some points where the game wavers from the story line , but it 's because the player made a decision that did not line up with the movie , nothing more . Overall , excellent remake.Gameplay : The actual controls for the game are absolutely amazing ! All the controls line up , without too many awkward reaches with your fingers . The button combos are simple to remember , but they have enough variety that no two fights will be the same . Battles alone are awesome , but when you enter the signature `` focus '' mode , they go beyond compare . With the exceeding variety of attacks , everything from a simple stun , to an arial killing blow , to a Hyper - frenzied stun attack , you will never be disappointed in the moves you use . You can run on walls , flip in the air as you slice and then land while shoving your sword into the guy behind you . You will pull stunts that even seemed impossible for a video game ! Moving is relatively easy , although sometimes the camera gets stuck in awkward places . Also , the gun aiming , as others have mentioned , is a little off . It will get stuck on the floor sometimes , as well as not locking on to the next enemy after killing the first one . It 's easy to understand what the game is telling you , due to a well positioned HUD , and clear speech . Other than that one minor glitch however , gameplay will make your jaw drop , I know mine did , literally!Graphics : Despite being many years old , this game has fairly good graphics . Although not matching up to the 360 's , PS3 's , and the soon to come 720 's , for its era it has wonderful graphics . Players mouths move when they talk , and the environment is interactive . Instead of walking into a table and just standing there like an idiot , you can actually break through it using your hands , sword , whatever . Although I do n't have much more to say on this , it is definitely a win on graphics.Recommendation : If you have a system that will support it , Get It ! As I said , excellent gameplay , well designed graphics for the era , and on top of it all , a good price ! I would definitely buy this game if given the chance .
 i could n't believe the low price i was able to purchase this game on amazon vs your local brick and mortar stores . i only wish this game was available on ps3 or a sequel be made ...
 Finally , you get to play as Neo , the One.Story
 Bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas -LRB- he still has the original xBox -RRB- and he loved it ! Although the case was a little -LRB- more like a lot -RRB- beat up , the disk was in perfect codnition .
 The comparisons with Grand Theft Auto are inevitable , and really there 's no avoiding them . The open-endedness of the gameplay along with the free-range interface makes it very much like GTA . But this very modestly named game is definitely unique on its own , and fun ... for as long as it lasts.With the gruff old voice of Kris Kristofferson guiding you in the opening tutorial , it 's just a sampling of the marvelous voice acting talents you 'll encounter along the way , along with the expertly directed cutscenes which actually makes you want to listen most of the time rather than skip ahead.Your arsenal of weapons is small , but highly effective for whatever you need . A variety of different choices of rifle , shotgun , pistol , sniper , and bow are available the further you progress in the storyline , while side quests and extra money earns you upgrades for everything from firepower to horse speed and quick-draw length.What really shines greatest in the gameplay is horse riding . Getting on a horse and speeding away is by far the most entertaining use of horses I 've yet encountered in any game so far . You can speed it up , slow it down , fire from atop it , pull back the reins to draw it on its hind legs , use it to trample people , even kill it if you ride it too hard . Whether you 're hunting someone down or being attacked by bandits or just looking to butcher buffalo , horse archery -LRB- or riflery -RRB- is an entertaining endeavor that works smooth and flawlessly in the game.Aside from the main quest , which is the most entertaining to play , there are side quests ranging from Pony Express missions , to acting as deputy of a town , to bounty hunting , even to hunting rare beasts which requires stealth , precision , and a lot of patience as opposed to barging up and blowing the crap out of the animal.Gunplay is rather easy even for the shoddy of shot . A large reticle and precise aiming system guarantees that anytime the reticle turns red , you 're guaranteed a shot at your target , no matter how near or far or hidden behind a fence he or she is . Explosives are also highly realistic , with very unstable TNT barrels threatening to blow up if you chuck them too hard , and explosions threatening to scald you or kill you from a close distance if you are n't quick enough to get out of their path.An M rating really works not just for the violence but for a certain grittiness to the game that is really refreshing . From a fresh storyline full of twists and turns , including unexpected events regarding close people , to some really barbaric things to do , like slice up your horse , trample people , and scalp them -LRB- and their scalps really come off , exposing brain and skull underneath -RRB- , there 's lots of action packed into the game.For as long as that lasts.The only flaw with the game I can think of , the thing that separates Gun from Grand Theft Auto , is the shortness of the story.While sidequests are fun , there is a point where you get tired of shooting buffalo and starting high noon shootouts by raising hell in town simply gets stale . The storyline opens up new fun to be had , but once the story 's over , you 're stuck with the best of weapons , the lack of side quests -LRB- unless you skipped them earlier -RRB- means the end of the story sees the rather quick end of gameplay altogether , unless you want to go for 100 % completion or start anew.Perhaps a result of the short storyline means the map is also very small as well . There are only two towns to visit -- Dodge City and Empire -- and very few stops along the way of any interest.While the game has surefire replay value , it 's shameful knowledge to know that a game as great as this is too good to be true -- or too short to be true.All in all , it 's a great game and a definite buy -- especially for the low cost Amazon merchants are offering -- but the storyline 's short length is a definite drawback to an otherwise extraordinary game
 Gun is an awsome game . But I was dissopointed that this game was to short because it only took me 4 days to beat this game . That is the only con about this game but there is a lot more pros . Wich are good voice overs in the game the graphics in the game are not great but they are kinda good and the best thing about this game is that there is a lot of violence in this game ! This game is good you should buy it .
 This game is for those longing to experience the old west . GUN is packed with non stop action , and thrills . A must have !
 dude , the last two gamecube games i 've bought i felt like i should have rented first , but when i decided to rent a game before buying it i felt like i wasted 8 bucks.i should have just put that money towards buying the game itself.anyway , the gameplay is fast . it does n't take a long time to load . you hang out with gamblers and hookers . come on , how can this not be good?when is gun 2 coming out ?
 GUN is an awesome game where you play as acowboy in the ` wild west ' . You can shoot indiansand other cowboys . This game is really good exceptfor the fact that it is very hard and is betterplayed by a skilled gamer .
 I 've been playing video games all my life ! And for some strange reason , i prefer to play with my old nintendo gamecube vs. my XBOX 360 ! Yep . I suppose i really enjoy the ` simplicity ' in gamecube games , and the ease-of-use with the controllers ! They 're more simple . Period . And i love gamecube for that ! And the game GUN is a fun , fun , fun game ! It 's a true CLASSIC ! Like 'em old western movies from the wild , wild , west ! Yep . A true classic , plus it 's very fun to shoot , snipe , and scalp 'em enemies ! The graphics are not the best ! But they certainly are acceptable graphics , considering that it 's an old gamecube , eh ... . And as for the storyline , i love it ! i love the going on missions , and taking down the enemies ! The only thing that i hate about this game is that it is way too short ! great storyline , but i wish it was longer ! i can finish most of the game in 1 or 2 days , easily ... . and then i 'll put it away for a month , and come back 1 or 2 months later and play it again , and again pass it in like 1 or 2 days ! it 's very addictive ! especially if you are into 'em old cowboy movies , 'em westerns from back in the good old days of the wild wild west ! i 'm a big fan of john wayne and clint eastwood ! and this game reminds me of 'em old westerns ! i love this game ... . LOVE IT ! If you like western/cowboy movies , and ya like video games ... . then , i recommend that you get and buy ` GUN ' because this is a true western TREASURE ... . a gem ... . a wild , wild west ... . CLASSIC !! -LRB- And i approve this message -RRB-
 You see these games , but not many . A good western video game is rare and this is worth adding to your collection .
 One of the few decent Westerns out their for any system . Be careful if you get this for kids as it is rated M for a reason -LRB- as I found out while my son played it -RRB- I would give it 5 stars but compared to what is out their now Red Dead Redemption and Juarez its hard to give it *****
 Did not think I would like the game when I saw the cover , but it 's a lot of fun . Brings the wild west feeling back again .
 I was very surprised and impressed with the game , `` Gun '' . It is full of Old West adventure and has a lot of different things you can do including the assigned missions . It 's fun , challenging , and great for any fans of the Wild Wild West . I highly recommend this game . I am in the over 35 Adult Female group and I just love it . My husband even likes it and he never plays video games . Thanks !
 I give this game the highest rating possible due to fact that it 's just so darn fun . I love the fact that they made a top notch western genre videogame . Worlds better than any other I 've played in the same genre -LRB- even Red Dead Revolver -RRB- . It 's the only game where i finished the story , then went and completed ALL of the mini missions for a 100 % completion . I just could n't get enough of it . This game kept me up 'til 2-3am a couple times on work nights . I 'm 38 years old with a wife and daughter and I just do n't ever do that anymore.I think Gun would still seem too short if it was twice as long as it is because you just want to keep it going . While I have played shorter games , I just think with all they put into this one they could have worked just a little longer and added some more plot to stretch it out some . Aside from the duration , I have to add that the game is pretty much over by the time you earn all the cool extras . What good is it to have a super-mega shotgun and a warhorse if there 's no more missions ? I purposely am avoiding giving away any of the storyline and avoiding game details as much as possible because I think in this case it 's important to reserve that for anyone who has n't played it yet . I will only say that if you 're reading this , you better just go and buy it right now because something about this game has your curiosity and with the price as low as it is now , it 's a no lose deal and goes a long way to forgive the fact that it 's shorter than you 'd like it to be . Gun has my full endorsement.I hope they make another , or one like it . They 're onto something here .
 Gun is a very fun and enjoyable game , however , you can beat it in hard mode in about 12 hours . I tried it on insane mode and I still beat it quite easily and I 've only had my GameCube for a few months . Aside from that the game play is fantastic ! I never thought third person shooters could be better Metal Arms , but I was wrong . Like Metal Arms you move the icon around with the C anolog stick . No matter how fun it is this game is very mature so keep this away from the kids . There 's scalping , killing , whoreing , cursing , and cruelity.As the title claims guns are the key to this game 's enjoyment , there 's rifles , shotguns , sniper rifles , six shooters , and blend all of the above with a huge area to roam in -LRB- I dont care what the other reviews say sure there 's only 2 cities but there 's still plains , badlands , montains , and caves to explore , taking Not 5 minutes to explore but over an hour ! -RRB- anyway the point is dont rent , buy and enjoy te west .
 GUN is an action game based in the Wild West.The action in the game pretty much starts right off the bat , and at first it was extremely confusing from the controls and hard to get used to , and the heated firefights were frustrating because of them . Switching guns in a battle is quite a challenge , same with reloading.Horseriding is fun , but about 5 spur-kicks and your horse is close to dying . And there is a lot of animal killing in this game , which is n't exactly cool in my books . You can kill horses , dogs , wolves , buffalo , deer , birds , anything you encounter.The graphics are also weak , reminding me of something on Playstation , maybe.I did n't beat this game yet , but I think I am close , and I bought it yesterday . That 's not a good thing , because I read that Resident Evil 4 is a 20 hour game , and I beat it in 11 hours.Gun has side-missions , but they lose their fun almost instantly , hunting is just shooting animals , gold digging is a non-interactive hunt for gold , tracking down criminals is just either killing them or capturing them , and cards is fun , if you know how to play , which I still do n't , I just pick random options and I win.If you have money to blow , this game could be bought . But if you want a quick action thrill , rent Gun for a week or less , and that 's 40 $ still in your wallet .
 This is a really good deal , the game is awesome . I have never seen a game like this one . Anyone would love this game . It 's really fun to play . I 've played it for hours and hours until I got to where I had to rest my eyes !! It is really a great deal , and fast shipping too , I 'm completely satisfied with this order . Thank you so much !!!
 This game is preety short but thats the only bad thing about it . The gameplay in this makes up for it . Plus once you 've finished all the objectives and the story mode you can go around and cause Showdowns in the local towns .
 I just rented this game . Went through a couple of levels and I like it . Its like a western Grand Theft auto -LRB- except not as much criminal element and you ride horses -RRB- . You do the main missions to continue through the game . Lots of side missions such as bounties , pony express runs , and other odd jobs around the western towns . Nice variety of old guns for shooting and a variety of other weapons such as axes for close -LRB- and no gun -RRB- combat . If you get a chance to play it , do .
 A third person shooter set in Dodge and Empire of the Old West GUN takes a player to another time period in a fairly authentic manner . What this game does right is most often the special teams work , from the way your horse can saunter or gallop to the exceptional environments , you will be transported to a place far from the URBAN/Military environs we so often encounter in shooter/action games . The meat on the bones here is an exceptional story with some of my favorite voice acting EVER in a game , I mean how can CLANCY BROWN , LANCE HENRIKSEN , BRAD DOURIF etc. . not work for the genre . The open sandbox feel of the game is minimal until you get to Empire where much of the side quests and extras open up , unlike the initial Dodge level which allows for a couple side missions and some poker . I would have liked more interactivity in the gold mining -LRB- its automatic just press Y -RRB- and few more minigames like the poker tournaments , the game also could have used a little polish around the edges -LRB- it froze on me once during a load screen -RRB- and the controls can be a little complex . The representation of the GUN in the game is most felt with the QUICKDRAW -LRB- neo style slo mo -RRB- while cool and convenient you will find yourself relying on it too much , despite a wide array of weapons available including whiskey bombs . Finally the stats are a little thin for a sandbox game but there are enough to have fun keeping track of . Overall a blast and an incredible production as far as story and presentation go , not much replay value but I am sure the sequel will fix that . Recommended if the GENRE appeals to you , but it is for adults . 4.20 stars
 Ok , I actually bought this on a whim thinking , ok , a fun western game . The graphics are excellent , give an excellent storyline , but as everyone else has said , its a short game . you can make it longer by playing all the side missions , -LRB- bounty hunting , poker , etc -RRB- but it just needs to be like a 20-30 hour game not just 8-10 . Its so worth the money though . One of the funnest 1 player games on the gamecube and Wii .
 This is definitely one of the best games I have ever played . I found myself spending way more time playing this game than was healthy . I did n't really know anything about this game when I bought it other than the cover looked cool . The fact that you ride a horse is something cool . It is realistic as far as when you hit something you get hurt or what not and the plot is really interesting . I usually just skip over movie clips on games , but the little movies on this game are informative and are quite interesting . There are quite a few different weapons that vary quite a bit as far as not only power , but functionality . There are lots of neat side missions too . The only thing I was disappointed about was that the game was n't as long as I wanted , but then again I did n't want it to end at all . I wish there were a sequel . This game is made by Activision and has similar game play to True Crime , so if you like that game and you like the old west theme , then you will love this game . It was definitely worth what I paid for it and I would do it again .
 This game is fun iam not really into that whole western cowboy stuff but this game is fun . Its a great fun shooter great grapics and just very fun , when i first played this game like 2years ago i was impressed on how they can relate to real cowboy history and shooting most games ca n't capture the effect but this did . I still have this game and its still very fun , gamecube comes out with more funner games then just shooting games like games like sonic , mario , super smash brothers , naruto clash of ninga 1 and 2 kirby , time splinters 1 2 and 3 , and more fun games , Shooting games you get board of but it depens on what shooting game it is , like this game gun its very fun with realistic design and background and shooting its kinda like you 're actually in this game cause its realistic and very fun to handle , so this game is fun .
 I am really enjoying this game . The graphics are great and the gameplay is fun . The storyline keeps you going to find out what happens next . It is one of those games that will keep you playing . I would n't be surprised if they came out with a movie based on the game . To me , this game is highly underrated . I highly recommend this game to action and shooter fans .
 Excellent game with a lot of extras . A lot of guns and memorable characters . Its a hidden gem game I think every gamer should play at least once . Excellent game !!!
 I bought this game awhile ago so I dont remember how it shipped , I think it went fairly fast.It is about a guy named cole and when his boat is attacked by hostiles -LRB- indian/union soldiers -RRB- and his father is killed -LRB- or at least he thought he was his dad -RRB- he goes to get revenge and recover the truth.As you progress in the game you will recover more about his backstory.There are quite a few levels and they range from storming a city to sneaking into a fort.It is rated M mostly because of the massive amounts of blood.There are quite a few weapons and bosses are challenging.It is definately worth the price and i recomend it.Oh , the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because of this level near the end of the game where you fight this boss and if you dont shoot him extremely quickly -LRB- he is on horse back -RRB- he regains his health .
 I have owned this game for years . I have justre-introduced it to yet another new computer.The span of difficulty is very good . Turkey ` sare a sure thing . However , the real challengeis in the Whitetail section , Zone 3 . Try and bag two , count 'em 2 , bucks with 4 ormore points ! WITH A BOW!It can be done , but make a sandwich , grab a bev.and settle in.The rest is matching the right calls for the rightZones . It can be tricky.Overall , you can not help but enjoy it.Oh , btw , bag your limit on your game , andGranny has the recipes for it . 12 for eachcatagory . -LRB- Printable -RRB-
 To properly test Godzilla Unleashed , I took it over to a Wii household with kids . I played with two boys , 10 and 6 years old , who really got into it . We played all afternoon and it seemed like just a few minutes . The brawl mode was very fun . We would team up 2 on 1 and form alliances based on who was winning . Different monsters have different powers so they match up in different ways . You have to get your butt kicked a few times to learn what works and what does n't . - The controls are different , but once you know them they were fine . We did n't have any problems getting all 4 controllers to be recognized . - You have to have someone play far enough in story mode to unlock other monsters and levels . This did n't seem to be a problem since the 10 year old loved the story mode and figuring out what to do . He spent the entire evening working his way through level after level . - This game is worth it just for the multiplayer part . It 's a great change of pace from the sports games . - When I left with the game , the boys both begged to get it for their birthday .
 This game is very cool . A much bigger upgrade from `` Saves the Earth '' however you MUST get this game for the Wii as you can see the reviews for the ps2 version are awful . Lot 's more monsters in this , around 26 I believe , they have all the classic godzilla monsters , including Gigan , Rodan , mothra etc. . The graphics are superb , from the water to the monsters - it all looks great King Ghidora -LRB- my personal favorite monster -RRB- looks absolutly awesome ! As good as this game is there are a few flaws in my opinion ... 1 . The targeting system is not the best , I find myself accidently attacking my allies instead of the enemy monster at times or completly missing my fully charge range attack .2 . Health regain and cut scenes ! As you may no you ragain your health overtime infact quite rapidly when not in combat . In the campaign when your fighting a monster and a new one appears the game goes into a minor cut scene and introduces the new monster , while not a huge issue . . the monster i 'm fighting at the time regins almost half of it 's hp during the cut scene .3 . Monster Unlocks !!! While most of the monsters are simple to get a few of them require you to do some annoying things ... example , do campaign with x monster of x faction and beat x level then come back to x level and destroy the x building and defeat x monster . Not all the monsters are this complicated to unlock but a few are ... this can get a bit annoying.But despite these issues this is a great game !!! If your a fan of the previous two of the series then you will absolutly love this .
 The game 's tutorial will teach you how to fight , but it wo n't teach you how to play , you know , what you should actually be doing as you advance through the twenty levels of the game . Right from the get go you free a monster , but then what are you supposed to do , fight him or ignore him ? The game 's story boards kind of explain about the crystals , but not enough so that I really knew what to do with them , but it does n't seem to make all that much difference , because it did n't seem to matter much what I did , because eventually you 'll blunder your way through the first level . I have to say , I was pretty much confused a lot.That said , I have to say that I really like the graphics of this game . Also , I do n't know why so many people seem to be complaining about the controls . They are different , they are new . That does n't make them bad . Once you spend a bit of time with them , learn them , they work great . Also in the game 's favor is that the monsters are great and they do play differently enough in my opinion to keep the game interesting , despite the confusion and in conclusion I have to say my feelings about this game are mixed . I seem to like it more than others , but not as much as some of the games I go back to again and again . However , I will be coming back , maybe not as often as my favorite games , but I 'll be coming back .
 godzilla unleashed is the sequel to godzilla save the earth and is not what you would expect.I used to play godzilla save the earth alot.One day I saw the trailer for this game and nearly pissed my pants.I thought they were done making godzilla games.I saw on wikipedia that they had varan , biolonte , titanisauris and hedorah and manda and even gamera.They even updaded gigan to have that godzilla final wars look.It was awsome I was so excited I could not wait.It might sound weird to have a 15 year old say that , but when i was little I got crap for godzilla games.godzilla monster of monsters was the first I ever played and I liked it but I was not mature enogh to notice it completly sucked.Then it was super godzilla and it was pretty good for its time.When godzilla unleashed came out I got the ps2 version and was pissed off.It didint have any thing I read on it except for the new fire monster.THEN I bought the wii version and there were all the monster except manda and hedorah.So then I bought the DS version and it sucked really bad.I never got to manda but it showed his little monster logo on the back.In all the versions there was no gamera.So then I read that gamera was not a toho monster , he was a DAEI monster witch made sense.Over all , its ok I guess.The wii version is the best.DO NOT GET THE DS VERSION !!!!! Its an insult to the real game.All you do is fight planes that can kill you easily and you cant destroy buildings.The only buildings you can destroy are the ones with crystles in them but you can only destroy them if there in your way.Im telling you get the wii version if you want this game .
 I bought this game for my 12 year old for Christmas and he loves it . After watching all of the movies , it 's nice that he can plug in this game and continue having fun with Godzilla .
 i bought this game nervous about the bad reviewsbut it turns out it is one of those games you cant put downthey have great monsters and 2 new ones this is great
 I bought this as a present for my 8 year old son . He is one of the biggest Godzilla fans of all time . Since it arrived he and his older brother have played this game every day . They love the story section of the game and unlocking new monsters .
 This game is just fun . I play it with my son and he loves the destruction modes . He is 5 and the regular modes are still too difficult .
 I have a 4 year old and a thirteen year old . My 4 year old loves all Godzilla products including movies . This was bought for him . They both love it . The neighborhood kids love it . One child is 5 and the other is 9 . They all want to come to play Godzilla . I would recommend this product even if your child is not into Godzilla . There are many animals you can battle with . As you battle you unlock many new creatures.Kim in Michigan
 Being that I had never played a single Godzilla game before the day Ireceived it in the mail , I must admit ... when I turned the game on , Idid n't really know what to expect . The game has a confusing setup , andseems to focus more on mindless destruction of major cities . But then , what 10-13 year old boy DOES N'T want that in all of his games ? Now , I 'm not saying the game is n't fun . Quite the contrary . I 'm just saying that if you are looking for a game with a good storyline , this is not what you 've been searching for . However , once you have all of the controls figured out , you can have all the fun you want just running around New York City destroying huge buildings and beating random giant monsters . Overall , I would say that this game would be good for the kind of people who enjoy games like Soul Caliber or Super Smash Brothers.However , this game has slightly more complicated controls . But , once again , when figure all of the systems out , it can be pretty fun .
 Earth is invaded by aliens at the same time strange crystals arrive and provide nourishing radiation to Earth 's baddest monsters , who in turn become the planet 's best defense against the alien attack . You control Godzilla on his different missions in cities across the globe , as he tries to save the world.As silly as that introduction sounds , the actual game is even cornier . But people do n't expect Dostoevsky when buying a video game ; people attracted to the Godzilla games want monsters , mayhem , explosions and brawls . Godzilla Unleashed delivers . The gameplay is free-roam fighting , allowing players to kick , punch , and use special powers for dozens of characters.While the marketing of the game focuses on the storyline , most people will get their most enjoyment out of the brawl mode , as friends and family select different monsters and have at it , Mortal Combat style.This game delivers what is expected . The variety of monsters and arenas allows for months of fresh gameplay . Some may think the monsters are a bit sluggish , and maybe this game is n't the ideal match for the Wii remote , but overall , it 's a solid game .
 This is a fun and straight forward game . You are an earth defender , and wield a monster -LRB- Godzilla is the most recognizable -RRB- to fight a variety of other monsters . Over time , you can open up other sets of monsters to play , or fight with ... The strategy is fairly simple
 I just got this game and absolutely LOVE IT !!! My ONLY complaint is the the control scheme . I have become used to it , however I only wish the developers would have allowed us players to map the controls per preference rather than the default setting . It 's not that the controls are too hard to learn , just that I 'd rather use the C or Z button for jumping , and the B botton for grabbing -LRB- buildings and monsters -RRB- instead of manuevering the nunchuck or both controllers to do these tasks . It 's just my own personal preference , that 's all . Otherwise the game is great !! I love the line up of monsters -LRB- 4 or 5 more would have been even better ... Kamakurus , Gorgosaurus , Manda , Kumunga , Zilla , Hedora ... -RRB- but they 've included Varan , Titanosaurus and Biolante ... so that makes up for everything !!! The levels are HUGE !!!! Much bigger that DAMM or SOTE , and just a little smaller than War of the Monsters . Finally , the graphics are awesome as well . I LOVE ALL the ATARI GODZILLA games and this one is right up there !! I hope the Virtual Console imports the NES , SNES and Turbo Graphix Godzilla titles to tie in with this . Those games totally rock too !!!
 This is more than any Big G fan could ask for . The roster is amazing for this game 26 monsters in all . The boards and monsters all look great and the controls work pretty well . This was the reason I bought a Wii and I was not disappointed I do n't see how they could top this one I definitely reccomend this to any and all Godzilla fans .
 i grew up watching godzilla movies so i really got a kick out of being able to play a game with him and the other monsters i grew up with . It is a fun game and very entertaining ... I highly recommend this game to all
 I 've been a Godzilla fan since I was a small child and this video game for Wii did not disappoint . I enjoyed it immediately and played for hours on the first day I had it . My 10-year-old son could n't wait to give it a try as well and he also enjoys it tremendously and wants to play it a lot . Here 's a review of some of the key features : Graphics and sound
 This game has excellent graphics . The multiplayer option is nice . Just about any Godzilla movie monster you can think of is in here somewhere waiting to be played . The sounds are exactly from the movies . There are a ton of things right about this game , and only a few things wrong.The controls are a little slow . As with most Wii games , you have a little learning curve about how to shake the controller for grab , twist for throw , etc. . This does n't take a long time , but you can miss a few really needed kills in the process . Also , it seems like every single foe you fight can move faster than you . While this does make the game more challenging , it 's a little bit frustrating to begin with . And it will take you a long time to be able to purchase any of the really good characters -LRB- like Jet Jaguar -RRB- . And finally , not every mission is spelled out clearly enough for you to know its objective . Yes , when a giant monster is stomping about you can tell what to kill , but there are a few spots in a timed mission where you 'll lose precious seconds trying to find your goals.Despite the few quirks of the game , I really enjoyed it . It 's definitely more fun to play this in multiplayer mode -LRB- you do n't have to fight each other the whole time ... you can team up against other monsters -RRB- , and it gets better as you unlock more monsters . And you can destroy EVERYTHING in your zone ! Imagine crushing London , or Sydney , or Tokyo -LRB- all with recognizable landmarks -RRB- . Definitely the best Godzilla game to come out in a long time .
 I was surprised at how much fun Godzilla Unleashed has been for me and my family . The game action is great , its easy to understand and start using . if you are a fan of the Godzilla movies , then you will love this . When you first start playing this game it only gives you access to a few monsters , you have to get to new levels and earn points to `` buy '' new monsters , or locations to fight in . all in all i would highly recommend this to anyone that loves Godzilla , it might not be as much fun for someone not as familiar with the characters . I have only played this on the Wii , I do n't know if its as much fun on other platforms .
 my kids love this game ... came on time with no defects . . keeps my kids happy ... very happy with this purchase . . would buy again definitaly
 This game is difficult for my son but he still plays the crap out of it . He is obsessed with Godzilla so when I ran into this game , I had to buy it for him . I bought it used because of the horribly high price tag this game has . My son and I both enjoy playing this game together .
 The product came quickly and the game box , book , and game disk looked great and plays well . Definitely a recommended product for any Godzilla fan !
 I bought this game for my Godzilla crazed son but he is not quite old enough for it so he keeps making me play for him . Needless to say I ca n't put it down . This classic may have turned me into a gamer at 40 .
 Product was in condition as stated , but I just wish it came with Godzilla cover to the Wii case . It did n't have to be the original cover , but any cover would have been better than a Best Buy generic paper . It was shipped when promised .
 First off let me start off this review by saying I know the game visually is a bit lacking in some areas and the interactivity is a bit stiff . That said I enjoy the entertainment on the same level as my son who loves playing this game and is very good with discovering advanced moves even though he is young . I was quite surprised he brought it home as I think he is a little young for monsters however he didnt seem to care . Now that I purchased this game and have a manual I find it to be very fun . We all enjoy the head to head and the 4 way fight with other monsters and sometimes gang up on the computer monsters ha ha . If you are a true fighting gamer I dont think this is for you . If you are a Godzilla fan this is a fun , simple game .
 Very Fun , This Game Is So fun that I play Whit it Day And Night . and Can You Believe this . I 'm still 9 years Old and I 'm not scared . But my mother Does Not Like To hear the Monster Sounds . And all my mother could say about this Game was that ; Where did the People Get these Monster sounds , but I still Love this game and there is a Realy Ugly monster Called Biolante . Its Just too much fun .
 I love fighting games . MKA on the WII was awesome and in my view the best version of the game with the most fighters . Once again I belive Wii has the best version of this great game . Anyone growing up in the NES era would have given anything for an awesome game like this . All we got was the horrid Godzilla and Godzilla II and more horrid games to follow . Finally after all this time we have Godzilla DAM on GC and this gem on wii . The monsters and arena 's are awesome , the moves are great , the controls are quite good , the destruction is second to none , the graphics are spot on and the action is great . The is a very enjoyable game on all fronts for any Godzilla or fighting game fan . Forget MK vs DC garbage games and get this one .
 This is a pretty good game for kaiju fans . Has a nice adventure mode with good fights . Multiplayer is a bit dissapointing . The CPUs wo n't attack sometimes and just let you beat them to a pulp with no challenge . Also if you pick 2 random monsters to fight , it usually rigs the matches in a certain order so that you keep getting the same matches over and over again . Like for instance , if you get Godzilla vs. Gigan for one match , you 're probably gona get that same match-up every other match saddly . It 's better just to make your own matches . This game also has some lagg and some minor glitches but its an okay game . It 's no Super Smash Bros. . Brawl by any means .
 My brother and I have looked for a decent godzilla game for a long time . We loved the movies but we could n't find a game that did the movies justice . That was until we found this awesome game . The best part of the game is its award winning roster of monsters . It has fan favorites like Mothra and Rodan and lesser known monsters like Baragon and Varan . Though the story line got a little stupid , but it was still a great game . I was also impressed with the good graphics . Overall , I would say it was a great game !
 This game is a blast , my 11 yo plays it constantly , and he is VERY picky about his games . Lots of action and numerous fight combos . Highly recommended for monster game fans !
 Let me preface this by saying that I 'm a big Godzilla fan who enjoyed the previous two entries into this series , `` Godzilla Destroy All Monsters Melee '' and `` Godzilla Save The Earth '' even though they were flawed games . I have been awaiting `` Godzilla Unleashed '' since summer and it is one of the reasons I picked up a Nintendo Wii.While `` Godzilla Unleashed '' is far from a perfect game , I am very happy with it and would recommend it without reservations to any Godzilla fan . The game features an almost perfect roster of Toho monsters , some of whom have never appeared in a video game before . The game also features innovative controls that make use of the Wiimote/nunchuck setup and a nonlinear story mode in which choices made during the game influence what you encounter later in the story . And , of course , there are many options for multiplayer which has always been the cornerstone for these Atari Godzilla games . All of the above are executed with varying levels of quality.My criticisms of the game are that the controls are a little tricky to master -LRB- but that may not be a bad thing -RRB- , the story mode and crystal power ups are needlessly complicated , the system for unlocking new monsters is hilariously arcane -LRB- buy x faction and use x monster on x day and destroy three crystals x then go back the next day and fight another monster during the new moon then circle around three times then say MOGUERA three times while facing north -RRB- and I much preferred the more straight forward system used in DAMM where completing the game with different monsters unlocks new monsters . I would have been honestly happy with a graphically improved version of STE with more monsters and a simpler version of this single player mode.But ultimately all of that does n't take too much away from the experience of the game . As a Godzilla fan , there is an undeniable thrill from seeing new characters like Biollante , Titanosaurus , Varan , and the orginal 70 's Mechagodzilla -LRB- who is animated with all of his stiffly robotic glory -RRB- appear in the game . Next time they need to throw in Zilla and Hedorah to have a perfect roster .
 I shall first say that i am a godzilla fan and I 've gotten Godzilla Domination and Destroy all monsters melee and Save the Earth . all those were good games , but after you play this , there is no other godzilla game better . This is incredible to play and the story mode is absolutely fantastic ! There are four different factions for the game . There are Earth Defenders , Which are monsters like godzilla and mothra , rodan , and anguirus . then there are The Global Defense Force , Which are robotic monsters like kiyru and mechagodzilla . then there are Mutants like biollante and destroyah . then ther are the Aliens , like gigan and King ghidorah . The choices you make in the story affect who your allies are , and the faction you play as affects the outcome of the game . This game is very long , so unlocking things may take some time . WARNING
 The controls take getting used to , but once you do it is very fun . I recommend starting at easy then work your way up to medium or hard.The graphics are great , detailed skin textures , you can even see the `` MG '' on Mechagodzilla 's -LRB- 1974 -RRB- arm.Beam fights are much easier to do , simply shaking the controller.Grappling is frustrating.Some bugs , aiming can be an issue and Megalon ca n't aim if his life depended on it.The sound is great and the monsters look great.Godzilla 90 's LOOKS like Godzilla 90 's . They even gave him the booming gutteral roar he had in the first 2 Hesei films -LRB- 1984-95 -RRB- . Huge assortment of monsters.Small assortment of cities , stupid story and control issues are the biggest cons.Other than that it still is a very enjoyable game , since it is Wii and motion sensored , you also get a mini workout too ; -RRB-
 This is a great game for the Nintendo Wii ! I had been anticipating this game through out its development . Finally playing it was a pleasant surprise . It 's an action game with a melee brawl feel and is a great deal of fun . You will play in large city stages with monsters who are pretty much faithful to the look of their movie counterparts . The are new enhancements like Critical Mass , Power Surges and a layered attack system that are step ups from the first two Atari Godzilla games . You wo n't find much disappointment at all in this game and it is a lot of fun to play with friends in a Wii party . Even playing alone , there is a lot there to make it worthwhile . With a large cast of monsters for the Wii version , you will find and establish favorites soon enough . For those wondering if you can play a brawl or fighting game with the Wii-mote and Nunchuk , the answer is yes ! I was concerned at first , as I have played mostly fighting and action games and that is pretty much my video game library . The game does have an in-game tutorial and you can explore around and learn the basics of putting all the movements and button presses together . Its as easy as playing Wii sports which so many Wii owners love -LRB- like I do -RRB- ! There is a lot of strategy to this action brawl game and you can have 4 customizable game play modes . You can increase speed or decrease speed of the monsters and also their sizes . You can influence the intensity that the military will attack you , along with determining what types of vehicles that resist your attack on the cities . You can also forge alliances with monsters in the game . You as the player dictates how the game responds to you.You wo n't regret buying this game ! : -RRB-
 First I 'll admit up front , I ordered this item for a seven and six year old which is under the age suggestion for the game . I have been trying to `` culturally educate '' my six year old , so we started watching the old Godzilla movies . When I saw this game , I thought it would be a great tie-in and a way to entertain him and his seven year-old cousin . To say it was entertaining is a complete understatement , they loved it.The graphics and game play are great . It is a challenge for younger kids to grasp all the commands -LRB- the game comes with a 20 + page instruction book -RRB- but basic game play can be instantly grasped . And like many Wii games , it makes for great social play . That is if you do n't mind the fantasy violence that comes in the game . Also , in our case , where we have boys who have energy levels constantly at a 9 or 10 , this game quickly pushed them to 11 . It causes crazed game play at times , but they have not gotten out of control and they still talk after playing . Actually , if anything , they talk even more about the game and I have not seen any imitation fighting outside the game.Possibly the best part of the whole experience for us is seeing all the characters from the movies in the game . Great touch . Oh , and the parents have gotten plenty of fun out of it too .
 A new multi-person brawling game featuring the famous series of giant monsters , Godzilla Unleashed for the Nintendo Wii tries to use the Wii remote and motion-sensing features to make a game worthy of the giant atomic lizard and his compatriots.The game 's story and gameplay revolve around crystals being dropped on the Earth that cause massive disasters in cities , and furthermore upset the various monsters around the globe . The major population centers become warzones as giant monsters duke it out amidst their ruins . The major storyline piece of note is that there are four factions ; the friendlier you are to them , the less likely their members will attack you during a battle . The Earth Defenders do n't care much about humans , but really hate the crystals and want to protect the Earth itself , so one must destroy the crystals to earn their favor -LRB- and not , if possible , use their power -RRB- . Their members include Godzilla , Mothra , and Rodan . The GDF -LRB- Global Defense Force -RRB- is dedicated to protecting humanity , and thus to get their favor you should n't destroy buildings and stomp on vehicles whenever possible . GDF robots include Kiryu , MOGUERA , and Jet Jaguar . The Aliens are invaders who want to use the crystals to take over the earth , and so destroying the crystals angers them . Among their ranks are King Ghidorah , Megalon , and Mechagodzilla . Finally , the Mutants want to wreak as much havoc as possible . Their preference is destruction , and so causing as much destruction as possible in cities will get you on their good side . The mutants include Destoroyah , Titanosaurus , and Obsidius . In total , there are 24 characters , many of which have to be unlocked with points earned through playing the story mode . There is also a multiplayer mode where up to four people can battle it out on whatever stage they wish.The gameplay is a free-roam fighting game with a 3d field . Players can kick , punch , charge energy , or use their powers . Low-power attacks are made by hitting A and B on the Wii Remote -LRB- for punches and kicks -RRB- . High powered attacks are made by swinging the remote while you press A or B -LRB- or both , for the most powerful attack -RRB- . Using the C button on the nunchuk fires your special weapon - for example , Godzilla 's atomic breath . C and Z together charge up your energy to use the special weapon . Shaking the nunchuk upwards jumps ; shaking both the remote and the nunchuk downwards picks things up . Targeting seems to be automatic in most cases , though you can nudge yourself towards or away from a specific enemy if you want . Besides other monsters , the military is also heavily involved ; they 'll usually shoot at whichever player is the strongest with a variety of laser weapons and missiles -LRB- they can also be customized in the multiplayer mode -RRB- . For the most part the game plays well , except the combination of moving the remote and pressing a button for the heavy attacks is a little awkward . The characters tend to also be a little slow because of their size , which means reflexes are n't high on the list of player requirements.The graphics are decent for a game that is also on the PS2 . It 's hard to tell if the Wii version is improved at all , but for the most part they 're pretty good . The sound mostly consists of the trademark noises associated with each monster -LRB- including Godzilla 's famous roar -RRB- and the military frantically trying to fire upon the different monsters ; nothing too dramatic , really , but about all you can expect from such a game.As a whole , this game delivers what it promised pretty well . There 's a wide variety of monsters and playing fields available and it definitely feels like a Godzilla game should . Apart from some minor issues with the semi-dated graphics and Wii controls , this game is pretty good .8 / 10 .
 I ` AM BABY BOOMER GENERATION AND SO I BOUGHT THIS AND HOPED THIS WOULD BE A FUN GAME ... WELL , ITS ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS ... I HAVE BOSE SPEAKERS AND THE HUGE SOUND OF THE MONSTERS WALKING , RUNNING , FIGHTING , BUILDINGS COMING DOWN , PLANE AND TANK ATTACKS MAKE IT HARD FOR ME TO COME OUT OF MY GAME ROOM I ENJOY IT SO MUCH ... OF COURSE I ` AM SURE THE NEIGHBORS AND MY DOGS THINK SOMETHING HORRIBLE AND SCAREY IS GOING ON OVER HERE . . WELL , IT IS , AND IT GREAT FUN ... CONTROLS ARE GREAT , SOME UNUSUAL HUMOR I DID ` NT EXPECT ... HAVE YOU NOTICED ?? VERY FUNNY ... I ESPECIALLY LOVE GODZILLA 'S HEAVY BREATHING AFTER HE 'S KNOCKED DOWN ... GREAT , GREAT GAME , EVERYONE SHOULD OWN A COPY , YOU WO N'T BE SORRY ... HAVE FUN ... ONE LAST THING , IF YOU EVER HAVE A CHANCE TO PURCHASE BOSE SPEAKERS , THIS GAME WAS MADE FOR THEM , I ` AM IN A AVERAGE SIZE COMPUTER ROOM AND WHEN GOZILLA IS WALKING THE HEAVY SOUND OF HIM IS BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS AND FLOOR SO HARD YOU FIND YOURSELF STEPPING BACK FROM THE SCREEN , AND THE ROARS JUST SWIRL AROUND YOU WITH HUMUNGOUS SOUND ... YES , ITS A VERY SCAREY ROOM TO BE IN WHEN GODZILLA AND EVERYONE IS HERE , BUT I LOVE IT ...
 I really enjoyed playing this game.The tutorials are very nice and the hands on approach makes learning the moves much easier . Also you are n't bombared with moves.You learn a few at at time and once those are mastered you learn more throughout the game.The graphics are ok , to me the game seemed kind of dark but this is Godzilla and it did n't look bad just a little boring.Being able to choose which character you want to play as is also nice.It gives you a chance to try out different moves and decide who you play best as or change things up a bit and play as a different character.The game is not so hard you want to give up but not so easy you can do it with your eyes closed.I think they found a nice medium in play that will keep you interested enough to want to finish the game.One thing I did not like was some the repetition coming from air command or whoever is giving orders.If you do n't do what they want you to do they will endlessly repeat it.Like kill whoever over and over can be annoying.Over all this is a fun game most of the family can enjoy with the multiplayer option.I think It is a game to rent before you buy to make sure it is right for you .
 This game is a perfect choice for Godzilla fans and hardcore Wii players alike . The characters are well-chosen , well-designed and reasonably available.The graphics are stupendous , a real highlight of the game . The colors and sounds are practically exploding off the screen.Whoever thought of making Godzilla for the Wii is a genius !
 Item was shipped fast and arrived just as described . The game is bad according to my son 's . But the seller was perfect !
 Atari has proven themselves adept at making Godzilla games as Destroy All Monsters proved . The unlockable and combat elements of the older title make it my sons favorite game to this day . What this game Godzilla Unleashed adds is a story mode -LRB- with voice over and cutscenes -RRB- as well as faction meters to the gameplay , making the combinations of monster on monster mayhem endless . The graphics are updated and look good enough -LRB- Wii -RRB- . Ultimately all of the extra trimmings besides the new monsters do n't add up to much but the extra options , play modes , and reward system do n't hinder the game either . The fun starts when you finally reach Tokyo in story mode and you see what the game has up its sleeve , depending on which monster you are playing as and which scenario you have picked from the occasionally branching story you will encounter new challenges and new monsters which you decide how and where to battle . The controls for me after a very frustrating 1st session became second nature and I prefer them over the PS2 versions which handle nicely as well . Bottome line here is you know whether this game strikes your anvil or not and the real decision is which system to buy it for , if you can get used to the Wii controls I think you will find them more responsive and smoother -LRB- eventually -RRB- . My 7 year old still prefers Melee with its old GCN controls , but I 'll take the chaotic story mode of Unleased w / Wii controls as it becomes much more rewarding as you progress . The fun is somewhat dampened by the need to unlock your favorite monsters for the multiplayer brawls but the single player romp is well made and worth playing through with multiple monsters anyway . Here is your BeastiaryAnguirusBaragonBiollanteDestoroyahFire RodanGiganGodzillaJet JaguarKing CeasarKing GhidorahKiryuKrystalakMecha GMecha G 2Mecha King GhidorahMegaguirusMegalonMogueraMothraMothra LarvaObsidiusOrgaTitanosaurusVaranlet the destruction begin
 This is a game I bought for my 17 year old son . I was n't sure it was the right game but when he opened it he was amazed that I ordered the exact game he had mentioned . He was so happy . Toys for older kids are not easy to choose . Thanks for your help with all of my Wii selections !
 I 've recently dusted this game off from the shelf as my now four-year-old son has recently shown a great deal of interest in my kaiju figurine collection and has been introduced to video games . This game has captured his imagination and he has become obsessed with it over the last few weeks and , truth to tell , I 've forgotten how much fun this behemoth brawler can be . The fun is primarily in the multi-player matches against family and friends ; the single player campaign is okay but will become mundane after you play through it two or three times . This is too bad as you have to run through the single player story mode many times in order to unlock all of the monsters and some of the ways of unlocking them -LRB- and then you have to earn enough points to buy them -RRB- are just not to be discovered unless you research them on-line . As another reviewer artfully put it , the reward system of unlockables is simply `` arcane '' . One is far better getting help with how to do this by hook or by crook than by trying to figure it out on their own.But anyone coming to this game purposefully is coming to play as their favorite giant monster and that 's where this game shines
 this is my favorite game.the best game that 's come out to date by far . today 's date being 03/28/13 ? anyway only thing they messed up is that i wish they had gamecube controller support added !!! but they do n't : -LRB-
 I purchased Godzilla Unleashed for my grandson who was a Godzilla expert at 8 years old . His 3 yr old sister got hold of his game and he was crushed . I bought him another one . He loves this game . He is now 9 years old and still a Godzilla collector . He is always telling me about the different aspects of the game and how he is progressing .
 I gave this game to my grandson for Christmas . He was absolutely beside himself with excitement . He is 8 years old and a huge Godzilla fan thanks to me buying him the movies . His brother is 11 , they told me that the graphics were good , and the game was alot of fun and exciting , with plenty of characters . I 'm not a gamer so I 'm sorry I ca n't give you a technical review , I just know that two little boys are quite happy with it .
 I bought this game for my son for Christmas . He loves this game ! The first day he got the game , he played for 8hours ! He did n't even care about eating ! And he loves to eat . What ever it is , he loves the game!That 's all he plays.Thank youHappy Mom !
 A great game for the kids -LRB- ages 9 & 11 -RRB- . They have seen all the old Toho Godzilla films and it 's great that they are able to `` battle '' each other using the original monsters - with the Wii version they get exercise as well !
 ok godzilla has 4 modes story , brawl , training , and storefirst story mode has many missions where the crystals have taken over the world and you have to do something about lets think what would godzilla do destro EVERYTHING in sight ok the next mode is brawl you can play as almost every monster in the series but they still havent included hedorah why is that ? you can play as nearly everybody for example godzilla vs mechagodzilla vs mothra vs megagurius and you can even play as my personal favorite , titanosauras now were up to training this mode teaches you how to controle your monster , and store mode basically follows up on story mode where you can buy new monsters such as biollante space godzilla a new place to fight called the mothership and buy pictures from godzilla final wars so what are you waiting for buy it today
 ok godzilla has 4 modes story , brawl , training , and storefirst story mode has many missions where the crystals have taken over the world and you have to do something about lets think what would godzilla do destro EVERYTHING in sight ok the next mode is brawl you can play as almost every monster in the series but they still havent included hedorah why is that ? you can play as nearly everybody for example godzilla vs mechagodzilla vs mothra vs megagurius and you can even play as my personal favorite , titanosauras now were up to training this mode teaches you how to controle your monster , and store mode basically follows up on story mode where you can buy new monsters such as biollante space godzilla a new place to fight called the mothership and buy pictures from godzilla final wars so what are you waiting for buy it today
 The game just rocks my world ! Out of all the monsters in the game , my favorite has to be DESTOROYAH ! My biggest complaint , though , is the exclusion of a few monsters . The game lacks Hedorah , Ebirah , Kumonga , Kamacurus , Gabarah & of course Zilla -LRB- Roland Emmerich 's creation from 1998 -RRB- . But if anything , smashing cities has to be my favorite part !
 My children get the DS all dirty with fingerprints all over it . This cover is perfect . It does not cover any of the buttons or blocks the little stylus from being accessible . Worth the money and the protection .
 I recently got this item and it actually is n't that bad . I purchased the one that does n't come with the screen protectors in color black . There is one problem though . I would n't advise putting your DS in a dusty or hairy area or even in your pocket with this skin on . It catches materials fast but they an be easily removed .
 First off , let 's talk about the price . Had this item really been priced at $ 29.99 instead of the `` 83 % off '' price of $ 4.99 ... it would have been an immediate `` no sale '' . Getting that out of the way , it 's a pretty decent skin for your DS Lite . The silicone rubber has been meticulously cut and sculpted to allow access to every single button , function , notch , etc. . They even cut away a space for the little loop-thing where you can attach a lanyard . However , all this trimming means you 've got some dangerously-thin strips of rubber in various places . This is especially true along the hinge side , where they had to leave room for the game card , the lanyard , and the charger port . There are also some very thin strips across the bottom half of the unit - along the top of the touch screen and above the Slot-2 space . None of them have caused me any problem yet , but I can easily see them getting snagged.I 've had it about a week , and it 's pretty comfortable to hold . I particularly like the raised bumps and ridges on the top and bottom . The skin adds enough thickness to prevent accidentally bumping the volume slider - important when you 're gaming on the sly.Silicone is n't supposed to shrink when heated , but I still gave this skin a once-over with the hair dryer trying to get a slightly tighter fit . It 's not that loose ; I was just aiming for a `` perfect '' fit.For five bucks -LRB- not $ 30 -RRB- , it 's a decent-enough product . 4 stars .
 The case is very attractive . The hinge on the DS has also been damaged so that it would n't stay open at an angle . Putting on the skin helped with that , which was nice .
 Fits well , protects a lot , only `` bad '' thing is making the DS fatter than it was intended to be , but that 's a good thing because that means more protection against unwanted falls .
 This is the ultimate charger for your DS or GBA ! It plugs into the wall or your car and works great for both . the retractable cord is tangle free and a space saver . The price is lower than what I could find at the game shop . I would recomend anyone to get this .
 It 's great if you lost your charger , and since it doubles as a car charger , its even better , but it has a very short cord , so you really ca n't play your PSP while it 's charging . But yes , a definite recommend as a replacement , it does its job great and is 2 chargers in one ! Also , a nice plus is that it can also charge your Nintendo DS , Gameboy advance SP and Gameboy Micro !
 I bought this charger for my grandson because he has a gameboy advance and a nintendo ds lite , works for both of them . We have had it for about 9 months , worked good until the prongs that plug in to a wall outlet broke . Now only the car charger part works , not the AC plug .
 This was a great addition for our trip to Florida from Ohio . I did n't have to keep charging the batteries . Thanks
 My son lost his charger , this was a good replacement.The only thing is it only goes out to about 4 feet , not the 6 feet it claims.Other than that it 's a good product .
 My daughter had lost her AC/DC charger for her Nintendo DS . This retractable charger is handy and convenient . Also , a good value for the price .
 Having been aware of Sonic Riders because of having seen it advertised here on Amazon , and being a Sonic fan , I decided to pick up the PC version of Sonic Riders . Overall , this is more or less a mascot kart racer except that in Sonic Riders , Sonic and friends -LRB- and foes -RRB- are on air-powered hoverboards . The boards have small , and easily depleted air tanks , so you recover air at refill pit stops scattered along the tracks , and by performing tricks . When you perform tricks , you 're graded on how well you performed with a rank , and the higher the rank you get , the more air you recover . The tracks initially available to you are fun , good looking , reasonably well designed , and challenging -LRB- I have the toughest time with Egg Factory and Babylon Garden -RRB- . You can also try to take down opponents with weapons unique to your character , or with melee attacks as you pass them . The tracks also have shortcuts catered to the various characters ' abilities -- flight rings for flying characters , barriers power oriented characters can plow through -LRB- and recover air in the process -RRB- , and long straight aways , and grind rails for speed based characters . You also get a good starting selection of characters , along with an assortment of bonus , or unlockables to work towards . Having not unlocked any secret tracks , and only 2 new characters so far , I feel the game could have been improved with more tracks available up front . However , as mentioned already , the ones it does have are pretty good , so that counter-balances the effect somewhat . They also seem to have done a good job refining the controls as the controls seem pretty precise and responsive with my gamepad . The game supports rumblepads , and does n't force you to switch between using your gamepad and keyboard/mouse when you exit to the menus ; this can alleviate alot of frustration when playing the game on a TV using a gamepad.The game 's Open GL accelerted graphics are very impressive indeed . On my TV at 1024x768 , the game looks simply sublime . The soundtrack is loud , and distinctly techno , but it is n't obnoxious , and sounds great with a surround sound setup . You also get your fairly standard time trial mode , along with mission , battle , gran prix , and even a `` survival mode '' which I do n't know much about because I have n't tried it yet . There 's even an exchange shop at the main menu where you can buy -LRB- with rings -RRB- and exchange your boards and other gear for upgraded items . There 's a big focus on skill in this game , with lots of practice involved in getting good at doing tricks -LRB- which is loads of fun -RRB- , and plenty of challenging races and tracks in store . If there are any cons to this game , it 's that the game is a little short , and several of the tracks are pretty hard -- so it may take a while to unlock the other characters and tracks.Overall , I tend to like this game . Like most PC Sonic titles , the production values are fairly low . You get a pretty standard box with no flap , no embossing/debossing , or jewel case but you do get a manual -LRB- for once -RRB- so , that 's fairly forgivable . For my money , this is n't too bad . The game looks good , is LOADS of fun , sports lots of unlockable tracks and charaters , and is an overall impressive experience . Ultimately however , this all leads to the question of what incentive gamers have to choose the PC version over console versions . My answer would be that although the PC version does n't offer anything console versions do n't in terms of content , it looks immensely better than console versions even on entry level systems , it does n't seem to have any bugs console versions do n't , PC load times tend to be significantly shorter , PC games are generally less expensive than console games , and the gameplay is identical to console versions -LRB- though more authentic feeling with a dual analog gamepad -RRB- . While I would liked to have seen support for higher resolutions , I certainly do n't see myself selling or trading it anytime soon , and am pretty satisfied with my purchase . I have to agree with the previous reviewer 's complaint of not having any proper way to exit the game aside of alt-F4 , but to me , that 's a very minor , and easily forgivable quibble with an otherwise impressive game . Sonic Riders is a value title which actually is a good value , and most players will easily get their money 's worth.UPDATED EDIT
 I see the game more about skill than racing . Your choice of character and how you use each character determins who wins . Your skill determins your speed . In my opinion it is more racing and stratagy than Mario Cart , and it has Sonic The Hedgehog and friends , who can beat that.One glitch I noticed about the game was that in the full screen mode there is no way to exit the game . In window mode you can close the game by clicking on the X in the top right hand corner of the window , but in the full screen mode you have to press Alt F4 to exit .
 I gave it a four-star rating , because I do like this game very much . it has very good game-play on Windows 7 . And if I knew more Sonic fans , I would definitely recommend they give this title a try !
 it is so awesome , I like it as much as sonic riders zero gravity , sonic zero riders and sonic unleashed but only game that is the best is sonic and the black knight .
 I bought this for my 11 year old son . He loves the game and ca n't get enough of it . It has no violence or sexual innuendos . It is just a good game with good graphics .
 Whenever I tried to run Sonic Riders I would get a message saying it must be run from the launcher - and even if I ran it from the launcher it would not run . In other words , the game installs fine , but refuses to run . The fix is to go to the Sega web site and down load the updated launcher file and replace the old file . Then the game will launch correctly . Other than this issue my son loves the game .
 I 'm just going to talk about the extras in the premium pack here . You can catch reviews of Mortal Kombat Deception the game by looking under the standard version.By now , you are probably aware that the main benefits to the premium pack are the box it comes in , the metal trading card included in the box , the arcade-perfect version of the first Mortal Kombat game , the documentary-ish video detailing the history of Mortal Kombat , and the video trading cards . That 's quite a slew of extras for $ 10 dollars.One of my favorite parts about the premium pack is the inclusion of the original MK arcade game . It 's fun to play it before you bust open the Deception disc because it will you appreciate not only how far Mortal Kombat has come , but how far video games have come since the original 's release in ' 92 . There are a few things I was dissapointed with on the bonus disc . The biggest dissapointment was the quick , underinformative , breeze through on the history of Mortal Kombat that was kyted directly from Deadly Alliance with a brief addition on the end to talk about Deception and beyond . To those of us who already own MK Deadly Alliance , it 's the same history that can be found in MKDA 's special features . At least on the GameCube version , I do n't have the PS2 version of DA . Anyway , it also lacked some of the major history of the Mortal Kombat series . It talked about MK , MK2 , MK3 , MK4 , MK Deadly Alliance , and a brief bit on MK Deception.Those of you who are fans , like me , should be looking at that roster and thinking ... wait a minute ... they missed five games . Yeah , they missed Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 , which was definitely it 's own game with all the additional characters and backgrounds and separate platform and arcade release than MK3 . They also missed Mortal Kombat Mythologies
 Mortal Kombat has evolved over the years and with it a diverse set of characters have been created as a result . Now in it 's 6th entry into the series it once again brings something new to the table , something that 's been fiddled with in past games , but now fully realized . I 'll get to that later.The story is that at the end of the Deadly Alliance Shang Tsung and Quan Chi defeated the hero 's of the various realms . However the power they were tapping into had a devastating result . Thanks to the soul well being reactivated the origional ruler of Outworld , Onaga has been reborn . Shang Tsung and Quan Chi do not survive the encounter . Now it is up the remaining fighters of the various realms to defeat him.The game play style is that of Deadly Alliance . Each character has three move sets -LRB- one of which is weapon based -RRB- . Series mainstays Scorpion and Sub Zero return along with returning characters Kabal , Sindel , Nightwolf , Millenna , Jade , Noob Saibot , Smoke , and classic Fan Favorite Baraka join new characters Shujinko , Darius , Kobra , Kira and more . One of the new gameplay elements that I hinted to earlier is the muli tiered levels . In fact almost every level is like this and or features the other fleshed out inovation , death traps . As a result Classic Levels such as the Pit and Acid Pit make their triumphant returns in full 3D . Now the overall game is great but for fans the mini games are eqaully as great . First is puzzle Kombat which is a mix between Super Puzzle Fighter and Dr. Mario . The second is chess kombat which is chess but when it comes time to occupy the square you fight . The Final is Konquest which tells the Tale of Shujinko , a young man given the task by the elder gods to collect the Komidogus from the various realms and open the portals to them.Now if you get the collectors edition you also get some great stuff . The best is the full origional Arcade Edition of Mortal Kombat . The rest -LRB- bios and Documentaris -RRB- are cool too.Overall this is a classic game that once again seals Mortal Kombat as one of the Overlords of the Fighting genre along with SOul Caliber and Virtua Fighter . A must have for everyone .
 When I first got this I just had to pop in the arcade perfect port of the original Mortal Kombat . They did a fantastic job . All the little glitches that were prevalent in the arcade are also here . Now onto the main game Deception . I found most of the moves less complicated then in Deadly Alliance . Fatalities are especially gruesome and stage fatalities are creative and a blessing to have back in the game . The graphics are really outstanding , similiar to DA , but just more evil surroundings , in this game kinda brings back the day when Mortal Kombat was evil . Unlocking characters , arenas etc. . are done through purchasing them from the Krypt again , however you must play through Konquest mode . This mode is addicting , as you follow a young warrior name Shujinko through various realms , completing tasks and getting coins and keys to open up the coffins in the Krypt . People are slagging the graphics and I really found the graphics to be excellent . Some people just are haters just for the sake of it , do n't listen to them . I actually cared about the character I played as and the story is great . After completing the mode , you most likely did not get everything , or complete the numerous tasks . Do n't fret , you can go back to the realms and complete the tasks , or just beat up on people if you so desire . I can not stress to you how awesome Konquest mode is , plus you learn the moves of the various fighters ... it can be frustrating at times , but nonetheless it 's a great challenge.Another mode is the puzzle fighter game . Remember the fantastic Super Puzzle Fighter II from the ps-one ? Well this is basically the same game , but w/MK flava . You can do fatalities in here too , but are way easier , you only press one button . Geez there are so many fatalities in Deception , that it will literally take you weeks to see them all/perform them . Puzzle fighter is also very addicting , and you can pick from 12 characters , and they have bobble heads , cute and funny , but the brutality of MK is always there . The last mode is the chess part , which I still have not gotten to yet . . Konquest mode has basically taken over my life so there is not alot of time . . but from what I understand it is also great . These modes also add some much needed depth to the fighting genre . But , as a stand alone fighter , Deception is as close to perfection as you can possibly come . Get the Kollector 's edition so you can have the original MK in all its glory . Deception rules !!! Just a word of caution to parents . . do n't be stupid and purchase this game for your young child , even though it 's the christmas season , please . The game is too violent and even though you can turn the blood off it 's rated Mature for a reason . Also seeing hot female Mortal Kombat fighters have their voluptuous bosooms jiggle all over the place is not for youngsters .
 How do you take a series that many had thought was gasping for its last breath and suddenly jumpstart it back to being a powerhouse ? Just ask the makers of Mortal Kombat . The series was about to be pretty much history after the release of MK4 and a series of , well , horrid spinoff games . Then in 2002 the release of MK : Deadly Alliance proved that there was still life in the brutal game yet , and then some.Now , less than 2 years later , the MK gang is back for the sequel to Deadly Alliance , MK : Deception . Of course the obvious question gamers ask is does Deception give more than what they got in Deadly Alliance ? In reference to both the regular $ 50 edition and the special Kollectors Edition/Premium Pack -LRB- just $ 10 more -RRB- , the answer is `` Oh YEAH ! `` Deception takes place almost immediately after the events of Deadly Alliance . The fighters from Earthrealm are severly decimated by the combined power of foes Quan Chi and Shang Tsung , leaving only Raiden as the last man -LRB- or god , as the case may be -RRB- standing . Raiden holds his own admirably against the duo but soon falls at their hands . WIth all they need to rule , they resurrect an army of the dead and then surprisingly -LRB- or unsurprisingly -RRB- turn on each other faster than a `` Survivor '' castaway , but fail to realize that raising the army also resurrected their true leader , a Dragon King known as Onaga.Realizing this , Shang and Quan realign to take down Onaga , but fail miserably . Raiden revives quickly to join the duo and finds that even two powerful wizards and a thunder god ca n't stop Onaga . Raiden decides to create a massive lightning blast to destroy Onaga -LRB- and them with it -RRB- , but Onaga shakes it off and begins to make a move towards ruling the realms . There is one person with the power to put Onaga down for good , but who ... ? This story leads into the massively expanded -LRB- and more fun -RRB- Konquest mode of Deception . As Shujinko , you progress through the game , meeting up with fighters from several different realms including a few familiar faces from past MK games making a welcome return to the game -LRB- and one who you would NEVER think would make a return ... I wo n't spoil it for you -RRB- and collecting a series of symbols known as Kamidogu.Several new modes are available in Deception , including Chess Kombat -LRB- this is definitely a fun way to play for experienced players and newbies alike -RRB- , Puzzle Kombat -LRB- Imagine Tetris for the MK player -RRB- , a streamlined but still expansive Krypt -LRB- keep your eyes open as some classic MK characters are running around down there -RRB- , Online play -LRB- THANK YOU GOD !!! -RRB- , 2 Fatalities for each character and a Hari-Kiri -LRB- suicide -RRB- , interactive environmental fatalities , the familiar classic Kombat mode , and more.But with the KE/PP you get the addition of an `` arcade-perfect '' version of MK1 , a metal trading card , and video that shows and reveals the massive history behind this legendary game.Without a doubt , Mortal Kombat has definitely both revived and reinvented itself thanks to Deadly Alliance and now Deception . This is definitely one Deception that you want to be involved in .
 Hey all , just to let some of those know that are a little frustrated with the stategy guide . If you want a list of all the crypts and moves/fatalities , locations of extra characters and all the good stuff , check out gamewinners.com , then go to cheats . Click on the PS2 console option . And well , you know the rest . Believe me , it was a relief to find all that good info since the strategy -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- guide failed my expectations for helping me . Yeah , I know . Where 's the fun in discovering ? Screw that , show me the MOVES !!
 I just got Mortal Kombat Deception this evening , and I 've spent the last five hours beating , slicing , stabbing , slamming and blasting opponent after opponent into bloody , organ-ridden pulp . FIVE HOURS , and it felt more like one . It 's THAT much fun . I probably would have continued to play it all night long had my friend with the X-Box not had to kick me out.And yes , in that time I did get to beat it , Dragon King -LRB- a.k.a. ` Onaga ' -RRB- and all . Scorpion all the way , baby.I 've been a HUGE fan of the series since the first game , and this simply the most fun I 've had playing any of the games . The graphics are incredible -LRB- the characters are all a lot more proportionate , and therefore a lot more lifelike -RRB- , most of the characters are intriguing -LRB- though I 'm already feeling the absence of Sonya and Johnny Cage -RRB- , and the interactive stages keep you on your toes . The gameplay is a lot smoother than in Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance . I 've yet to figure out how to execute the fatalities , but by the looks of the videos floating around the internet right now , I 'm sure they 'll be awesome too.Puzzle Kombat looked kind of stupid in the previews , but it 's also incredibly addictive.In conclusion ... if any game has ever been worth forty or fifty bucks , THIS IS IT . Just be ready to kiss your social life goodbye for about two weeks !
 This review speaks only of the special additions , not the game itself . With that said , for MK fans who have not picked this up and are considering , I say it 's definitely not worth your money . It has three features
 First of all , i 'm not sure why this is going to be released on October 15th , when the OFFICIAL release date of the Premium Pack of MKD , is going to be on October 5th , WITH the non-premium pack , being released on the same date . This will be oficially released on the 5th , with the original MKD as well . Why the site says MKD -LRB- non premium -RRB- is going to be released on Oct. 1st , is beyond me . . it too , will be released on October 5th . All in all , normal , and premium , will be released on Oct. 5th . Onto the review ... Based on what I 've seen on mkdeception.midway.com -LRB- yes , it 's a real site . . -RRB- this is going to be a kickass game ! Many new features , including Kombat Chess , a Tetris game going MK style , a totally interactive new updated Konquest mode . . which allows you to roam freely , and ofcourse . . the actual fighting portion of the game.It 'll start with 14 characters available for selection , and i 'm pretty sure -LRB- almost -RRB- that there 's going to be secret characters , atleast 3 of them . So , there 'll probably be 17-18 playable characters , in all.Back by popular demand , every character will now -LRB- once again -RRB- have 2 -LRB- yes TWO -RRB- fatality moves.Plus , a brand new feature , the Hara-Kiri -LRB- Ritual Suicide -RRB- fatality move has been added . It allows you to kill your own character . . literally . I saw an uncensored review of the game on the above mentioned site , and Baraka -LRB- a playable character -RRB- ended up cutting his own head off ... very cool.And yes , even STAGE fatalities , have made a triumphant return . . YAY!The graphics are better than ever , and the arenas are interactive , and now feature yet another brand new feature , the deathtrap . The deathtrap allows you to instantly -LRB- in the middle of battle , if need be -RRB- shove your opponent into a deathtrap , thus killing them -LRB- yes as in , fatality killing . . -RRB- , and instantly winning the battle.And for all you internet fans , Mortal Kombat
 If you are looking for the best in mortal kombat , look no further than `` mortal kombat - deception '' this game mixes advanced 3d kombat , with an adventure mode . the game also has bonuses like the `` puzzle kombat system '' which is a recreation of tetris , adding a new action packed twist . also featured is the `` chess kombat system , where players face mortal kombat on a chess board . truly an exiting AND stimulating game , MORE that worth the money it costs . engaging and thought provocative , THIS is the Perfect Game .
 FINISH HIM ! FROM THE OLD SCHOOL OF MK1 , TO THE NEW SCHOOL OF DECEPTION , MORTAL KOMBAT HAS ALWAY BEEN MY GAME . MY BEST PLAYER HAS ALWAYS BEEN SUB-ZERO . WHEN THE FIRST MK DECEPTION CAME OUT , I LOVED IT . AND WHEN THE SECOND ONE CAME OUT , WHICH WAS A BONUS PACK , WHO DO U THINK WAS ON THE COVER OF THE PREMIUM PACK , SUB-ZERO . I HAD TO GET IT . SO NOW , I HAVE NOT ONE , BUT 2 MK DECEPTIONS , THE SUB-ZERO METAL TRADING CARD , THE COOL BONUS . AND THE PLAYABLE OLD SCHOOL MK1 . I ALWAYS WANTED THIS MK1 BACK , AND NOW I HAVE IT . THANK U MIDWAY .
 Awesome gameplay , if anything , pick this up just for the original mortal kombat .
 I Think that This Will Be And Is One Of The Best Mortal Komabt Games Out .
 This is a new game for my MK Collection.Many new features and hours of entertainment with this action Game.MK Collectors , this game is necessary for complete your emotions ...
 Well , Deception probably has the greatest opening sequence that I 've ever seen in any game , whether it be fighting game , racing or RPG , and the endings are really awesome . Other than that , the core gameplay has n't changed much from Deadly Alliance aside from combo breakers , and that 's not such a good thing in my mind . Although the likeness of the Chess and Puzzle Kombat mini games -LRB- Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo , but with MK characters and Stage fatalities -RRB- , and the increasingly boring and freaquently dry Konquest mode make a mountain out of the replay value , the core gameplay is just as hard to get used to as in the last game.I miss what MK 4 used to be , which was in my opinion the best of the series , which basically proves what most gamers -LRB- hopefully -RRB- believe , it 's the gameplay not the graphics . The one thing I could do without is the Krypt , which is annoying and tedious , and requires you to actually go through the ever dragging Konquest mode mentioned above . It basically takes you from the beginning of Mortal Kombat to the current story of Deception as Shujinko , and gives you a better understanding of how Onaga , the Dragon King -LRB- Cheep Boss -RRB- resurrected and tricked the nutty old narrator -LRB- Shujinko -RRB- of the opening sequence -LRB- breathtaking -RRB- , all just to collect stupid `` Krypt keys '' that unlock stages and characters , which by the way are awesome and make the nostalgia factor go through the roof . All in all , the obligation of Konquest mode makes unlocking the characters seem more like a dragging job than a fun and rewarding experience.The core gameplay is n't what it 's cracked up to be , as said earlier , not much was changed from Deadly Alliance . If you loved Deadly Alliance , though , you 're in luck . They did add one more fatality per character , making 2 for each , and probably the coolest addition to Mortal Kombat , Hara-Kiri 's . That is basically a chance for you to kill yourself at the end of a lost match before your opponent does a fatality on you , making it sort-of a race to see who can do a fatality first , and still giving you a chance to control your character after you 've lost . Classic stages like the Pit 1 , the Dead Pool and the Living Forest make a return and are looking prettier than ever . The return of Ermak , Nightwolf , Baraka , Milleena , Sindel and Noob-Smoke , the tag-team version of Noob-Siabot and Smoke . Each of them seemlessly change out like switching fighting styles , but they have no weapon . Those classic characters are definetly something to look forward to!The graphics are the best in the series and some of the best I 've seen the PS2 put out , and immensly impressive when juxtaposed to the august visuals of Tekken 5 and VF4 Evolution . The characters have an almost un-precedented amount of detail , and the stages are vast and , surprisingly vibrant considering the dark moodiness that MK games have delivered since MK2 , but that 's not a bad thing , especially since it shows off how awesome the game looks . The sound , however , is definetly this games knight in shining armor , but as long as they do n't get rid of Dan `` Toasty '' Forden , nobody has anything to worry about.The Premium Packs for -LRB- Sub-Zero for PS2 and Mileena , Baraka , Scorpion and Raiden for XBOX -RRB- , includes a serialized metal trading card of the character on the cover and an extra disk with some behind-the-scenes-esque footage of most of the characters and an arcade-perfect port of The One that started it all , baby ! Other fighting games take note.Mortal Kombat Deception is great and delivers the bloody Kombat that people have come to expect and love , although it 's just in need of an overhaul gameplay-wise , it 's still well-deserving of all the hype it has recieved and fans should definetly not have to think twice before making a purchace !
 Deception takes all the aspects that made Deadly Alliance great and improves them . Puzzle Kombat and Chess Kombat are tons of fun . The RPG starring Shujinko is like playing a whole other game . It 's fun but prepare to invest a lot of hours into it . There 's a lot to do in that adventure . And the fighting roster is a good pick with new characters and old classics mixing it up in beautifully detailed battle arenas . The blood just gushes from the screen and much gore is to be had during character fatalties , stage fatalities , and the slightly disturbing Hara-Kiri suicide move . Gruesome but that 's the MK legacy . My only gripe is the expanded Krypt . Some of the graves involve some pretty crazy keys like going to the RPG game and putting Shujinko behind the tent in Edenia on Thursday at midnight so he can meet Jade to unlock the crypt . I had to scout the internet for that bit of info . I never would 've discovered that on my own.As for the bonus disc , as a fan I would say that it 's nice to have but it 's not really vital to your MK existence . The interviews are nice but they do n't go far enough for me . It 's just icing , I would 've liked to have more cake . Bonus points for including `` cast members '' from previous MK games like John Turk -LRB- Sub-Zero -RRB- and Kerri Hoskins -LRB- Sonya Blade -RRB- to share some of their MK memories but they were so brief it 's like a cameo . Basically , the actors just said what character they played and how much they fun they had . I was a bit amused at the very tiny mention of the MK film sequel `` Annhilation '' . I agree that not every MK franchise was flawless . The Mortal Kombat game was a nice addition for fans of the first game . Unfortunately , I did n't become a fan until Mortal Kombat II so it did n't do me much good . Overall , the bonus disc is nice but I expected more.All in all , if you planning to buy this special edition Deception 2-Disc pack try to find it as cheap as possible but if you are a true fan like me price really is n't an object . Who can resist that infamous dragon icon . Kombat Forever !
 I have been playing Mortal Kombat since Mortal Kombat 1 hit the arcades and have been a loyal fan ever since . The last MK game to come out was MK
 I have been waiting for a GREAT Mortal Kombat game for about seven years now . I am a loyal fan of the series and I always will be . The MK games of the past few years were good , but not great . I 'd go as far as to say that MKD is EXCELLENT . I own a Mortal Kombat 4 arcade machine , so like I stated I 'm a huge fan . I am now an even bigger fan then ever before . I 'm very proud of the creators of Mortal Kombat . Ed Boon and his team have done justice for their fans . There are several different games to talk about on this MK title . First let me tell you about MKD Arcade/Vs . mode , this is a bloody and beautiful fighting game . Recalling `` Deadly Alliance '' it is vastly improved upon . It plays faster , which is crucial . Fighters knock fighters around like rag dolls , some levels have three or more stories , which means some power moves can send you through the ceiling then back through the floor . Pit fatalities are back , this is a good thing especially if you 're the one doing the pitting . Pit fatalities can be done during the battle , it does not have to be done after `` Finish Him/Her '' . Rumor has it that each fighter has two Fatalities once again . Also some type of reverse fatality . It 's bigger , better and over all a more quality game than DEADLY ALLIANCE . I do n't really like comparing the two games , it 's obvious that DECEPTION is the better game . Let 's move on to the Chess mode . VERY COOL !! Chess mode is very unique , you build your team , once you come in contact with the other team it goes into fighting mode , if you win you take the square . The object is to get the other team in checkmate . Once you have the other team in checkmate a fatality takes place and the announcer says `` CHECKMATE '' . It 's cooler than I explained I promise . Next let me briefly talk about puzzle mode , it 's like TETRUS only the rules are a little different . The MK dragon symbol comes in many different colors and when connected to the squares of the same color they disappear and drop closer to the bottom of the screen keeping you in the game , the more squares that disappear -LRB- at the same time -RRB- the bigger the combo that is performed by the MK fighter at the bottom of the screen . Puzzle mode is a cool addition to DECEPTION . Okay lets get into KONQUEST MODE , its adventurous and it helps you to learn moves and fighting styles . It 's one of the coolest ways to help teach you about a game I 've ever seen . The adventure is very cool . You can talk to people in the town , find money , fulfill objectives and more . It 's another good addition . BOTTOMLINE
 I have just pre-ordered this game , so my review is based on my expectations from the numerous articles I have read at http://www.ign.com , http://www.trmk.org , and http://www.davesmk.com . It is also based on all of the videos I have seen on the Internet . I have watched every video on this title that I have been able to find , including the ones from E3 , the official Mortal Kombat Deception site , and http://www.gametrailers.com.I believe this game deserves five stars because of the features that have been implemented . Each character has various fighting styles , similiar to the last installment . There are two fatalities per combatant . The hari kiri feature adds an interesting twist to the finishing moves . The levels have been vastly improved and are more interactive , with some of them being multi-tiered . There are even hidden weapons within the stages adding an exciting element of unpredictability to the game . Even though the graphics are not cutting-edge , I believe they are better than average.I purchased the Premium Pack over the standard version for one reason . I sincerely want to play the original Mortal Kombat arcade version that is included . My first experience with this series of games was on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , so I wish to have the full effect . If you are not interested in the bonus features , then the regular edition would be a good choice.I look forward to playing this and am terribly excited to receive my copy .
 10/09/04Parents and Politicians Beware The New Mortal Kombat Game Is HereThe latest incarnation in the ongoing Mortal Kombat series returns once again with a slew of new additions to an already excellent franchise which is sure to keep fans and newcomers coming back for more.With the series first arriving in the arcades back in 1992 , Mortal Kombat quickly became one of the most controversial and to the dismay of parents and senators everywhere , most successful selling game of all time . The series , which spawned a total of five top selling installments and two movies , returns once again to wreak havoc upon the home console world with versions for both Playstation 2 and Xbox.Mortal Kombat Deception starts off right where 2002 's Deadly Alliance left off , we learned that bad guys Shang Tsung and Quan Chi were successful in defeating all of the earth realm combatants except for the thunder god Raiden . Raiden unfortunately is unable to take on both of the sorcerers and is defeated . However , Shang Tsung 's and Quan Chi 's victory would be short-lived when they immediately turn on each other . To make matters worse a new villain known as the Dragon King returns to claim what was taken from him . So once again gamers must resume the roles of a number of different fighters with different abilities to defeat a foe more menacing than the first.As far as the game 's graphics go they 're almost exactly the same as the last game , which is n't a bad thing . Deception is a very polished looking game although it still does n't compare to the graphic detail found in other fight games such as in Tekken 4 or Dead or Alive 3 . The game 's audio is also the usual oriental and rock mix that has permeated through all of the games which has always worked well for the series.In the game 's arcade mode players can choose from a total of twenty-four characters to fight their way up through the ranks in order to take on the big bad guy at the top . Fans of the previous games will be glad to see old school characters such as Sub-Zero , Kabal , Ermac , Scorpion , and Nightwolf , to name a few , have returned for another round ; with many more old and new characters locked away in the game until gamers unlock them . The returning characters have retained all of their beloved special moves with a few new ones , as well as two new fatalities and new suicide move called the Hari-kari . For newcomers one of the Mortal Kombat series hallmarks is the gruesome finishing moves known as fatalities where the winner of the match can dispose of their opponent in a number of gory and gruesome manners such as tearing off their arms or legs and clubbing the loser to death with them . Nice , I know . A nice new touch to the game is the Hari-kari moves in which defeated opponents can now finish themselves off before the victor does , this adds some funny and over the top gory deaths which robs your opponent of the satisfaction of getting to perform a fatalities on you . As for the fatalities in this game they are by far the goriest , over the top and best of the series yet , which was something that was seriously lacking in the last game.Perhaps the biggest change to the game play is the addition of Death Traps that are placed in certain arenas . These death traps consist of stone grinders , molten lava pits , and other assorted nasty death devices , which will kill any player instantly if , knocked into , ending the round . This new addition to the game play is both a plus and a minus . On the one hand these traps will make players play more strategically than they normal would have , paying close attention to not only their opponent but also the surrounding environment . However , since it 's fairly easy to knock anyone into them , the death traps can become rather cheap when a player constantly uses them for an easy win . Thankfully they can be shut off in the option menu . The arenas that house these traps are also multi-level arenas meaning in order to take advantage of the traps a player must first be knocked into the area where the trap is located . An example of this would be the Slaughter House arena where a player can be knocked through the floor only to continue fighting below but now there 's a chance any player could be thrown into the large rotating meat grinder in the corner of this lower level.The addition of combo breakers is also another smart addition to the game , which really brings balance to the game 's fighting system . In the previous games players who had mastered the ability to string together attacks could really deliver massively damaging combos , which resulted in beginning players being at a serious disadvantage as their fighter got annihilated round after round . With the combo breakers any player can now halt any string of attacks instead of taking a massive beating , however each player is only allowed three combo breakers per a match . Players now have to play conservatively choosing when the best time to break a combo would be most effective during the match.Besides the normal combat mode , Deception also includes a number of extras that are really like new games . First up is what is called Khess Kombat , which is a spin on the game of chess with Mortal Kombat characters and other interesting twists , including magic spells and fighting matches to determine which player take the chess piece . Then there 's Puzzle Kombat , which is a hybrid version of the classic Tetris game . In Puzzle Kombat players select miniature Kombat characters and play a Tetris like game while the little miniature fighters duke it out below your game window . In true Mortal Kombat fashion both puzzle games have a set of fatalities to go with them . Both games are highly addicting and can be played with one to two players or online.The weakest aspect of Deception , though , is the new Konquest mode , and yes that 's spelled with a `` k '' too . In Konquest mode you assume the role of Shujinko , a young warrior who is on a quest to recover certain mystical artifacts from different worlds of the game . Along the way you 'll run across characters from the game that will either assist you or need a favor from you , such as finding Scorpion 's missing ninja comrade . This mode becomes tedious rather fast when you must travel and fetch certain items from one location to the next , only to go back again and again . Unfortunately , players will have to play through this mode if they wish to unlock all of the game 's content , such as hidden characters and arenas , which is really the only reason why anyone would . This mode also seems like the least polished of all , with horrible voice acting , a predictable storyline and a poor graphic interface . On a more positive note , this mode will teach newcomers the basics to advanced game techniques they 'll need in order to compete against other players at home or online . Maybe the developers will work out these issues with the next game.But perhaps the best reason to pick up the new Mortal Kombat game is just for the online competition . Both the Playstation 2 and the Xbox support online gaming for the standard Arcade mode , Khess Kombat and Puzzle Kombat so you 'll always be able to find some kind of competition to play against once your friends get sick of losing to you every turn.All in all though Mortal Kombat Deception is an excellent game that has enough going for it to please just about any fighting game fan . Whether you 're a Mortal Kombat nut or just someone looking for a good , solid fighting game Deception really delivers on multiple levels . However , gamers that are a bit squeamish should probably stay away , Deception is definitely a violent and gory game that should be played by mature players only .
 I have n't purchased a Mortal Kombat game since Mortal Kombat 2 . MK3 messed up the series in a couple ways -LRB- cheap combos and replacing the ninjas with robots -RRB- . I decided to finally give the Mortal Kombat series another try with Deception . My Decision was influenced by the addition of Mortal Kombat 1 -LRB- arcade edition -RRB- with the premium pack.Well , I was very pleased playing Mortal Kombat 1 after all these years . I still think its a phenomenal game . Anyway , about the new game Deception ... Playing Deception reminded me alot of the Mortal Kombat movie -LRB- The scorpion fight VS Johny Cage fight -RRB- . I see more positives then negatives with Deception , such as awesome interactive backgrounds and multiple fighting styles for each fighter . If I could compare Deceptions game style with any other game , it would be soul caliber -LRB- because of the 360 degree environment -RRB- . Deception is full of bells and whistles -LRB- including Chess Kombat and Puzzle Kombat -RRB- . Now , on to the negatives of Deception . First , I found the fighting to be a bit stiff . The characters do n't move with grace like Tekken . Second , the cheap combos ! Not as bad as MK3s cheap 15 hit combos , but the computer is n't afraid to hit you with a couple 5 or 6 hit combos . Sometimes the computer gets so cheap with the combos , the only way to win is to go allout with special moves -LRB- which is boring -RRB- . If your a fan of Mortal Kombat 1 , then try out the Deception premium pack . I kept my Mortal Kombat 1 disk and sold Deception on EBAY . MK2 and MK3 are available on a new 20 game disk called `` Midway Arcade classics 2 '' . I suggest you pick this up ! Its only 20 dollars and it has many great games.Graphics = 5Music = 5Control = 4Fun Factor = 3.5 Replay value = 3Total = 4.1 I hope the Mortal Kombat team decides to do a new 2D game with the old controls . 2D games are still marketable and Midway could make a phenomenal digitized graphics game with PS2 and X-Box technology .
 This game is not only eye candy on the Xbox 360 AND the PS3 , it has addictive gameplay , an intuitive interface , the buttons are mapped just right and the multiplayer rivals HALO . If you 're a gamer , you better own this game .
 First of lets get one thing straight , Call of Duty 4 is one of the best xbox360 games this year.StoryThe story is nothing special but it does a good job for a shooter . Basically world peace is being threatened by islamist extremist and communist dictators . You play as a U.S marine and a British S.A.S elite trooper fighting bad guys from the middle east to western Russia.GraphicsCOD4 is a stunning game . It has plenty of artistic feel from blown out buildings to AA fire in the night . It just goes to show how much power the xbox360 still has . COD4 has amazing graphics that really help you bring in the atmosphere of modern war.Game PlayThose new to COD will not be blown away , it is a first person shooter . Which means you have the perspective as if you were looking down a gun . What makes COD4 stand out is great mechanics and feel . One minute you and your squad mates will be silently sneaking in an area with silencer pistols and the next you will be fending off helicopters with stinger missiles . COD4 offers a wide range of weapons for you . You can pick the classic Ak-47 or go special ops with the MP5 , the choice is yours . If you are a first person shooter fan this , and halo 3 , are a must buy.AudioI ca n't really talk about the audio because I play it on an old RF tv but from what I can get it is top notch . I have played past COD games with surround sound and it truly brings you into the fight . From your fellow men in arms screaming orders over gun fire to the quite nights with crickets and great voice acting , COD4 will excel.Multi PlayerIf you have xboxlive then COD4 is another great reason to have xbxlive . It is the most addicting xboxlive game I have ever played , more so than Halo3 , the reason for this is that the more you play , the more weapons and upgrades you unlock . COD4 offers a great way to customize your inner solider , you can have up to 5 slots of customization so you can keep searching until you find your dream modern warrior . Unlike Halo 3 where you get some new armor but nothing special , COD4 awards you with new gear and weapons which will give you a reason to keep playing until the wee hours of the night . COD4 does have split screen options for when your buddies come over which is fun and exiting.Overall I reccomend COD4 . It has every thing , Great Graphics , good story , online play bar none , and game play that excels . Go out and buy cod4 , it will blow you away . For parents out there cod4 is pretty graphic with execution scenes to realistic battles , I think any teen 16 + should be just fine . Infinity ward and Activision should be awarded for successfully bringing a wwII franshise to the modern age with style and no hick ups at all , well done!scorestory 4/5graphics 5/5Game play 4/5Audio 3/5 -LRB- old two speaker RF TV -RRB- Surround sound 5/5Multi Player 5/5Fun Meter 5/5Suggested Age 16 + Over all 5/5
 This game is by the far the most fun I 've played in a long time . Not only only is the campaign great , although a little short , but online play on Xbox Live is awesome . The online play really adds a lot of value to the game . Especially for me because I seldom if ever go back and replay the single-player campaign of a game after I beat it .
 Loved this game . Do not buy from Hubbagames . Got the game as a gift . Kept freezing . Tried to return or exchange with Hubbagames . No response from that company at all . Got the game from another company . The game is really great !!!
 Of all the shooters I 've played , this one is the most realistic and fast paced I 've ever seen . If real war is anything like this , it truely is Hell ! Now , you too can know the frustration of running in a heroic attempt where your actions could mean the lives of many ... and catch a * ping * in the bucket and go `` lights out '' amounting to nothing but a heap of meat on the dirt.It 's truely hilarious how hard this game will kill you repeatedly . It 's not so bad on regular , but in the higher diffeculties you really got ta bring an A-game , because you do n't get any time to realize your mistakes , you 're dead . Forget to check a corner , forget to take decent cover or get too bold - DEAD !!! In all fairness , this game is excellent , the controls , the grapics , the sound , everything is perfect and truly a masterpeice of gaming . The lower difficulties are forgiving too , it 's not always so hard , but the higher difficulties is where the fun is IMO . It 's challenging , it 's frantic as all Hell , it 's almost unnerving if you have it piped through a stereo and you 're gon na get popped , alot . It 's okay though , it hurles you right back into the action almost right away so you can get perforated or blown up again . The funny thing is , you do n't really mind , it 's all a part of an amazing experience and you feel like a real stud when you do it right and kill some terrorists . The game is non-stop shooting and they give you a ton of weapons to find and use.Nothing like plugging a guy with an RPG through your EOTech sights , spreading a cluster of hunkered-down enemies with your M203 granade launcher , drilling some poor SOB in a building with an MP5 or shotgun , or sniping a guy in the face while he 's running for cover and watching is limp corpse tea-kettle and fall in a heap.When you 're smooth you 're a machine , when your head gets too big , well this game makes sure to humble you right down . Bravado just fills a bag here . I suggest anyone get this game and give her a jaunt on normal , then jack the difficulty up and marvel at the realistic and frantic action.I should mention there 's an actual plot here too . They 've done a very decent job at giving you a sense of purpose and consequence in the outcome of your team 's trials . It takes place in Russia and the Middle East where a fictitous group of terrorists are trying acquire nuclear materials and overthrow leaderships etc. . It all feels like our current events and does an amazing job of convincing you of it all as you 're either a Marine or member of the SAS , both of which bring it to the bad guys as the story progresses , switching back and forth to mix it up as you go along . All the while , you are a part of a team , and feel like a valuable cog in the machine as your squad descends on the bad guys.The developers threw in a really fun segment where you are in a C-130 raining Hell itself on the enemy while giving a team of soldiers on the ground some much needed cover . You can use huge cannons to destroy clusters of the enemy and watch their bodies flip all over , use smaller cannons to carpet specific areas and even zoom in with a 20mm gatling gun and light em ' up even more , it 's truly amazing.Get this game , seriously , it can be hard , but if you pay attention you 'll find it 's a very balanced game with an experience the likes of which you 'd be hard pressed to get again . It 's one of the best looking games I 've ever seen and on the 360 version the load times are really short for what the levels look like , and this game rocks you through about 10-15 quality hours of gameplay . There 's definitely incentive to play through a few times too , on harder settings and such . A must have , best thing since the Orange Box .
 COD4 is a great game , but suffers from limited game types and quirky connections on my Xbox 360 . Disregard the reviews that say the on-line aspect is as good as the Halo 3 experience , it is not . The single-player campaign is awesome , but short . I suggest you play it on a higher difficulty than `` normal '' , otherwise you 'll be done with the game 2 days after you start . The way COD4 allows you to play through story elements rather than using `` flashbacks '' or `` cutscenes '' like other games do ... the `` sniper '' level is easily one of the best levels in gaming . COD4 is worth the price you 'll pay , but if you can rent it for a weekend , you might be better off , as the on-line version suffers greatly from buggy connections and limited game types . Also , if you 're looking to join a group of strangers to play team games , the teams tend to break down rapidly , so `` cover me '' does n't work , as the guy you ask to cover you will undoubtedly go off into his own little one-man battle against the other team .
 This game is just AWESOME and I 've played most of the the good FPS out there . And seriously this is the best , hands down!Just go buy it and you wo n't regret a single minute .
 What can i say bad about this game ? Answer
 I am only writing for the single player experience , I have not played Live . The game is awesome , as hundred of previous reviews have mentioned . But I want to air my gripes , in the hopes that Activision reads this review and finally fixes some major and annoying flaws on CoD4 and dose n't include them in future CoDs . So here are my gripes to Activision and anyone else buying the game -LRB- I am in `` Hardened '' level when describing the flaws , I think Hardened is another word that Activision uses for make your guys stupid , and the enemy unrealistically good -RRB- 1 . Activision dummies down the play : This is my biggest gripe with CoD4.-One example is from `` Sins of The Father '' level . When trying to chase down Imran Zakhaev 's son -LRB- when you reach the street , after the junk yard -RRB- Activision stops you from running at full speed to catch Zakhaev 's son . This is unbelievably frustrating . no matter how hard you try to run , it makes you walk for a few seconds , so you do n't catch up to him too fast . Why ca n't Activision be smart enough to just make him run faster , and allow me to run my normal speed.-Another example is in `` One Shot , One Kill '' where you have to assassinate Imran Zakhaev . This is 15 years ago in the story , and of course he ca n't be assassinated because that is what you are trying to do in the present part of the story . So even when you get a sniper shot on Zakhaev right at his heart or head , and there is no way in heck he lived , your partner says `` Look 's like you took out his arm . '' No I did n't , I SMOKED Zakhaev dead , and yet I could n't have killed him no matter what . STUPID ! - My best example is that my other teammates do NOTHING at times . Just like CoD3 , at certain times guys on your team are in situations where you see them just standing there doing nothing -LRB- except being shot at and not dying -RRB- . This is STUPID , because once again Activision dummies down the other characters to make it harder for you . This is a weak way of making the game harder . What Activision should do ONCE AND FOR ALL is instead of dummying down my guys , is to create more bad guys that I and my team have to fight , rather than have my team stand there doing nothing .2 . Enemy fire TOTALLY unrealistically accurate . The enemy can hit you the MILLISECOND you are discovered . Even when I am in prone position 200 feet away hiding behind a very small tree , the MILLISECOND they know I am there they lock on me and shoot . This is TOTAL bull-crap because they would n't even have time to look down their sights , even if they saw my gun fire it would take them more time to hit me . It is TOTAL CRAP , and needs to be fixed.I am all for CoD4 , but Activision needs to fix these SLOPPY mistakes once and for all !
 Where videogames are concerned , I 'm a cynic . I 'm especially cynical when it comes to games that have a lot of pre-release hype . Some -LRB- like the Halo franchise -RRB- generally live up to it to some degree . But WWII shooters never did it for me . I 'd heard that COD1 & 2 were great games , but I never felt the appeal.When I saw the trailers for COD4 , I came away wanting to be impressed , but much more interested in witnessing the finished product . The only way you judge for real is to play the game.And now I 've finished the game twice on the Normal and Veteran -LRB- Hardened ? Ca n't remember the terminology at the moment -RRB- modes . I 've also played the multiplayer game quite a bit over XBox Live . And I have to admit ... I 'm impressed.In fact , I 'm more impressed than I was with Halo 3 . There 's just something about this game that makes me reach for it time and again . It 's not the `` photorealistic '' graphics -LRB- yes , they are that good -RRB- . It 's not just the gameplay , which is fantastic in both single and multiplayer . It 's something else . Call it the synergy of multiple excellent elements . You just do n't get tired of it.At first , the game is fairly challenging , since the controls deviate slightly from the `` Halo '' classic scheme , in particular for crouching and throwing grenades -LRB- more on grenades in a second -RRB- . But you figure it out fairly quickly . The challenge then becomes figuring out who you need to shoot , because enemies -LRB- as other reviewers have mentioned -RRB- do not have nice little caret indicators over their heads that scream `` SHOOT ME ! '' -LRB- and this is one of the factors that draws me back time and again ... you wind up paying a lot of attention to the fight -RRB- . So you spend some time scrutinzing over your gunsights . Is that a good guy or a bad guy?And then you spend a lot of time dying . This provides you with remarkable incentive to learn quickly . After a day of playing this game , I was a lot more confident . After two days , I was postively revved up to get into the battle . And after a week , I was impatient with anyone else who picked up the controller hesitantly and tried to figure it out . It was all so ... obvious ! THAT 'S a bad guy , not that guy . Look at what he 's carrying -- look at his headgear . His gun . His boots.HIS BOOTS.Holy crap . They made me pay attention to the enemies ' boots . First , it 's slightly amazing that you can do that at all . Next gen games really ARE next gen , huh ? And second , it 's not infuriating . You need to pay attention . You 're moving , your guys are moving , and the game does n't allow you to behave like a Ritalin-addicted twitchy idiot . You sprint from cover to cover . You pick your shots , and you move to strategic positions.Your teammates help you , but you never feel particularly connected to them . They die with alarming frequency , and so do you . They also respawn frequently , so it 's hard to be completely overrun , but there are times when things definitely feel hectic , your hands get a little sweaty , and you start to feel prickles of panic . Hmm ... maybe I should n't have picked this particular corner to snipe from ... But it never gets frustrating . You may wind up trying the same section a few times , and for the most part there are few surprises if you replay . Enemies spawn from the same locations and fire from the same locations , even when you ramp up the difficulty . But the challenge then comes from doing it all faster , and against harsher odds.By the way , a quick note on grenades . You have the `` throw the grenade back '' mechanic in this game -LRB- was it in other COD games ? -RRB- which can be really fun , but also sometimes a bit frustrating , because you can be killed by grenades that do not show up on your `` grenade indicator '' from time to time . It happens , but it 's not so frustrating you want to chuck the controller . You just groan or yell , deal with it , and respawn again.The cinematics and cutscenes are outstanding . I wo n't go into more detail , because they 're really fun to experience without knowing what 's about to happen . The ending levels are really intense , and the ending is very satisfying and cool.And there 's one level , called `` Death From Above , '' that is just ... plain ... sick . It 's awesome . It 's slightly demented in how much fun it is , and also a little disgusting in that it glorifies a real-world job that distances a person from the killing , and -LRB- if COD4 is any indicator -RRB- maybe even makes killing people ... fun.But it IS fun , at least in the game . You wind up faintly horrified -LRB- if you have a soul -RRB- at how fun it is , and at the same time you want to play it again and again.Well , I did , anyway . What that says about me , I 'm sure other people will be happy to speculate on endlessly . But it really is one of the most innovative levels ever put into a FPS / military sim .
 Ok first player was pretty much a gimmie I beat it in about 3 to 4 hours but once you play on the harder modes it will never be under 5 down right seems impossible at times but I like to rush and knife . Anyway online gaming is awesome there has been so many times where I wanted to stop and go to sleep at 1am and kept going till 3am . If your up for a game send me an invite Ender357 ...
 Awesome game , they really nailed the single player . The play experience is very different than the standard sci-fi shooters . The multi-player powerups -LRB- helicopter , airstrike , etc -RRB- feel a little skewed toward the better players , but that may just be my inexperience . Very addictive gameplay , great in-game leaderboards , thoughHalo 3has them completely beat in the out-of-game stat tracking . That would be my only complaint thus far , oh and maybe having the Javelin in online multiplayer would be nice too ... heh .
 I love FPS games . I love it when there 's realism . The physics need to be accurate with the proper reaction to every action . That said , let me say , this game comes pretty close to having proper reactions in todays standards of video gaming . Its not perfect though and that 's of course where most people gripe . In this game at least there 's a lot less griping . The biggest frustration is when you snipe across the map and even though your screen is showing a beautifully lined up head-shot it repeatedly registers as a miss . It does n't happen all the time but when it does it makes you wan na scream . There are other frustrations as well that I could mention but the positive side is that its fairly realistic and provides enough balance to make it interesting over the long haul of gaming . I guess I 'd say this is a good foundation on which to build an even better game . So enjoy it while its here and remember even better ones are coming .
 I could see getting addicted to this game . I do have a few minor annoyances , but for the most part , it 's great.Pros : - Incentive to keep playing
 Yet another first person shooter based on real world weaponry . For those that like tactical first person shooters this is an awesome game.It has a pretty dramatic and extremely action packed first person campaign . Not very long but enough to get familiar with the mechanics and play the game.I have a couple of minor pet peeves that make this game a 4 instead of a 5 . All of them pertain to the multiplayer game . First , unlike Halo you can not play more than one person on the same console on Xbox live . Second , there is an achievement system that lets you unlock weapons and accessories and perks and camouflage on Xbox live . In theory a great idea , in practice I find that it feels a bit unbalanced to fight against other online folks that have unlocked all the weapons and accessories and thus have more customization options for their player . For multiplayer on the same console -LRB- not on Xbox live -RRB- , there are a number of preset configurations for weapons and accessories and perks . However you can not create personal presets for local multiplayer games like you can online.Those small issues aside , overall this is a very fun game .
 The game is fantastic . The level of detail is simply ridiculous and you can tell the creators went to great lengths to develop accurate represntations of weapons , landscape , language , lighting , everything really.Pros : - Everything about the game is fantasticCons : - About the only thing I can think of is the experience on XBOX LIVE . It can be a real pain sometimes trying to join a game . Some nights it 's super fast , some nights it takes several minutes -LRB- or never -RRB- to connect and get into a game . Fix that and you have a great game on our hands that will never die out .
 Not only does this game have amazing graphics , but the single player story line is better than most movies.And that does n't even dip into how awesome the online multiplayer is !
 Call of duty 4 was by far te best game of the year . With its uniqe story fast action game play . If you are a big time FPS you need o buy this game.You will literaly feel like you are there in the combat zone.The sniper level you will want to play over and over again .
 This game is by far one of the best games for 360 currently . SIngle player is rich , and robust , and multiplayer is one of the best setups I have ever seen !
 One of the best games I 've ever played . Stunning graphics , above-average story for a military shooter , and top-notch gameplay . One of the few downsides is the brevity of the single-player game . Highly recommended .
 The very first thing i noticed about this game was the price . Despite it being a new release , it was only $ 37 . When I saw that , I instantly bought it . It arrived within the week , and it was in perfect condition.The actual game is the most fun , graphical game I have ever played . The story line is absolutely gripping every step of the way . The multiplayer is also incredibly fun . Not only are there lots of people playing , but you want to keep playing just to complete the `` challenges '' that are presented to you . Some of the challenges are get so many kills with this weapon or fall to your death -LRB- that one was fun to get -RRB- .
 Well , i just want to say that I thought it was a really great game if you play against other people . The singe player however , can be finished in a day . After that , what can you really do . So make friends or get Xbox live if you have this game so you wo n't be disappointed .
 this is the greatest game ever created for xbox live i literally can spend 6 to 8 hours playing this game and not even realize it . there are many different types of multiplayer games to choose from this is a deffinite must buy get this game
 This game is a whole lot of fun . The campaign is only about 12-16 hours depending on the difficulty you chose but the multi-player is what makes the game stand out . This is the best FPS multi-player experience out there for Xbox 360 .
 Read the other reviews ! It does get old whey you respawn and get killed immediatly , but I think they have fixed that problem .
 This is the most realistic war game I have ever played . It 's ton 's of fun . I ca n't stop playing it .
 One of the best games ever made . Incredible online play which could be at the same level as Halo 3 . Single Player is also great but shorter than expected .
 This is one of the best games ever made ! It 's near perfect in all aspects . I 'll start with the story . It may be short but it one of the best , most dramatic , action packed , emotional and fun single player campaigns for any FPS game . You wo n't find a story this in depth in any FPS . You feel like your there , you feel like your the person in the game . Now for the multiplayer . This is really what makes this game great ! If you come for the story , you 'll stay for the multiplayer . It 's a rival to Halo 3 and may be even better . The Online ranking system is setup to make you keep coming back for more . As you gain levels you gain perks and new weapons . The level cap is 55 , but once you get there thats only the beginning ! After you hit 55 you can choose to stay there or start over in a thing called prestige . Through this you start back at level 1 but you get a special badge that says you 've made it to 55 and then started prestige , therefore letting you in a sense get higher than 55 and therefore getting more respect from other players . Also that is the only way to get higher ranking on the leaderboards . Making the game virtually endless . In closing I recommend this game to everyone who enjoys FPS games weather you play online or not . I give this game a 10/10 .
 beautiful graphics and addicting online gameplay . Three words -- `` death from above '' -- its like I 'm watching CNN replay of smart bombing . Awesome !
 With games being in excess of $ 60 these days , there are very few times I actually buy games new anymore , when I am 99 % sure the game will be good and/or I have to have it no matter what . Very few games fit these criteria and honestly COD4 did not . I wanted to buy this game used , but there were none available . Instead the guy behind the counter convinced me that this game was well worth the $ 60 new price tag so I bit and long story short , he was right.As you already know , COD4 takes us away from the WWII setting which is a VERY good thing . I personally got sick of fighting in the same war in the 3 previous installments . `` Modern Warfare '' was a definite breath of fresh air . COD4 takes place in the `` present '' with most of your battles being in the Middle East fighting against terrorists using MODERN weapons , that 's right guys , no more panzerfausts or bren guns.Graphically , the game is beautiful ; the scenery looks so real it 's scary . The way the environment reacts to your actions has also been done very well . If you are hiding behind a wooden fence , you can easily shoot through the fence at your enemies and vice versa . In addition as the bullets pass through the said wooden fence , you will actually see bullet holes . For stronger barriers such as concrete , bullets will NOT pass through . However if you shoot it , you will see a indentation in the wall indicating the bullets ' vain attempt to pass through . This is just a very small example of how the environment not only looks great but also reacts to your actions . In short everything looks like it 's supposed to . It was obvious that a great deal of effort was put into making this game look as real as possible.The animations are also done pretty well and are very convincing . Enemies and allies alike move and even die realistically . Depending on where you shoot them , the enemies will react differently . Shooting them with a non-fatal shot and many times you will actually see the guy crumble to the ground actually trying to drag himself to safety . However do n't think that he still wo n't be able to kill you , because he can . In this position , the enemy will pull out his side arm and still fire at you lying on his back in an last ditch effort to take you with him.Sound is also great , as has always been the case with the COD series , so this is no big surprise here . However that being said , I would say that to me the sound in COD4 is better than COD3 . However that may be just because I was so used to hearing WWII related sounds from this franchise and subconsciously I was just so sick of hearing it.The game play does n't actually feel like COD game . -LRB- again , this may be because they all have been WWII related in the past -RRB- Instead it feels more like Rainbow Six type game . In fact many times while playing this game , I kept thinking to myself , is this really a COD game ? However this is not a bad thing at all . I actually got into the game right away , and it is definitely not a `` slow starter '' like so many games these days . You are thrown into the action fairly early on and it never really lets up . If you like constant action then you will NOT be disappointed.Continuing with the game play is that the corny `` turn your thumb stick clockwise to set the charge '' , or `` tap these buttons as fast as you can to stop the Nazi from overpowering you '' nonsense from COD3 is thankfully gone . Sure that was cool at first , but I definitely did not like the way COD3 kept throwing it in my face 6 billion times throughout the game . Now if you have to set a charge , then you just press one button and boom , your done and right back to the action . If you are about to get killed by a dog , a well timed press down on the right thumb stick and you will break the pooches neck and that 's it ; then right back to the action . In addition I do n't seem to recall enemies concentrating all their fire directly at YOU in this game -LRB- as the case in COD3 -RRB- , instead everyone on your squad is fair game . This makes the game seem more realistic rather than giving me the impression that the developers did n't know how to make the game challenging any other way than this cheesy method . Thank you Infinity Ward!What is NOT gone and really my only complaint in this game is that it STILL uses the annoying check point system . Why ? I have no idea , but I absolutely loathe about games these days is that the game determines when you can save . The only bright side to this is that the checkpoints are closer together than COD3 so while it 's still very frustrating its not as frustrating as it could be . I just beat the game on normal difficulty and currently going back through it on hard , and I found myself getting quite frustrated having to do things over and over and over again on certain levels . But I finally got through by taking a different strategy then what I was originally doing . In addition , it seems to me that once you reach a certain checkpoint you ca n't go back to previous one . I 've had once instance where I reached a checkpoint at about the same time the enemy saw me , so it was instant death . I eventually had to restart the level from scratch ... this is another reason was the checkpoint save system is unacceptable.This is all I really have to say about the single player mode . Bottom line , it fun as hell and you should not be disappointed . Other than the obvious issue with the ridiculous check point save system I do n't see anything else wrong with it.I 've only dabbled with the multiplayer , but all I can tell you that it 's VERY hard . If you are used to playing Halo 3 online , then prepare to get pwned . While both games are clearly FPSs , COD4 is much more difficult online at least that 's the case with me but maybe I 'm really just a noob . In any case , you have been warned.I would give this game a 5 in both the fun and overall categories , but I ca n't in my right mind give this to a game that still uses checkpoint save point system that forces you to replay sections over and over and over again . So minus one star on the fun factor because of the save system . Yes I gave Halo 3 a 5 fun/5 overall review but never in that game did I find myself being stuck on one section for over an hour due to not being able to make the next check point without dying . That being said , this title is still a worthy game ; one of the few games out there that actually would warrant a $ 60 price tag .
 The game itself is great with outstanding graphics and video . However , the servers do n't seem to be there with players actually playing in the multi-player mode . Once that occurs , it should rock .
 I almost never give games , as good as they might be , 5 stars , but in this case , I really must . It 's sounds cliche , but this is what an FPS should be like-good graphics , good controls , very good weapons , pretty good story , very good AI -LRB- your squad this time takes care of most of the enemies for you if you move too slow -RRB- , a nice variety of missions , and excellent mutilplayer games out of the box . My only two complaints :1 . Like everyone else I think the single player is much too short . A game as great as this , you want at least 20 or 30 hours .2 . No quicksave ! Please , all you game publishers out there , stop with the `` checkpoints '' and give us quicksave again!Other than those two things this game is a classic . One of the few I would recommend buying outright especially if you are into on line play .
 If you like war FPS type games , then you 'll LOVE this game . The story line and game style make you feel like you 're actually fighting . The graphics and sounds coupled with the type of battles you 're engaged in are very intense and exciting.I beat the game on Veteran , and although sometimes it seems impossible , I was fortunate enough to have the patience to finish . The enemy kills you SO fast if you stick your head up or if you move too fast in the foliage . The AI is nuts . If you sit around they actively coordinate and out flank . If you 're sitting in a room waiting for them to come in , they 'll breach and flashbang the room and kill you . If you have a sniper rifle and trying to pick someone off far away , you 'll have to anticipate their movement becuz the kill is Not instant ... you have to account for distance and their speed.The only thing I do n't like is that there is No co-op for the campaign . Other than that , it 's amazing . Graphics , sound , missions , AI , music is too real !
 This Shooter is so awesome I ca n't even put it into words . Once again there is another shooter that beats Halo down on it 's face . This game has a great story but the online play is where its at . The unlockables make it worth it and fun to continue to play . I recommend this game for anyone ready to graduate out of cartoon shooters -LRB- Halo 3 -RRB- and into something more challenging . If not ... enjoy your hype-machine Halo spawn .
 Yes the title to this review was n't a misprint . Call of Duty 4 is better than Halo 3 ! Halo 3 suffered from a been here , shot that feel throughout the whole game . Where Call of Duty 4 is a total overhaul for the franchise . I just started the second act on the campaign and already I 've called in an airstrike from a helicopter , escaped a sinking cargo ship , and snapped an attacking dogs neck before it dug it 's teeth into my throat ! The animations for all your AI companions are true to the missons you are on . If you are silently clearing a building your squadmate will slowly open the door with his weapon in his firing hand and check for enemies . If you are dashing to take cover from a RPG your guys will dash and slide to get cover behind the nearest car . Do your self a huge favor and buy this game !!!!!!!!! Oh and multiplayer is awesome also !!!
 Overall the game is great . I love it . The story line is really good . I 'm glad the Call of Duty got out of the over played World War II stroy . The weapons are really good and life like . Online play is great as well . The game is worth going out and buying .
 Single player/Online gameplay . Absolutely amazing !! I am not much of a Armed Forces video game player , but this game made me change my opinion . I have been playing Halo 3 online for quite some time , thinking I would never change games ... . With that being said , this game is unreal.Single player mode is great , amazing graphics and gameplay , even with my old `` tube '' TV . If your enemy is hiding behind say plywood or a thin piece of sheet metal or whatever it may be , you can shoot through it , which is very modern of course , amongst many many other things.Online play is even better . Did n't notice any lag , it seems to be a heck of a lot easier to get kills , you can change guns by pausing the game , and once you respawn you have the new weapons . When you die , it goes to a video and it shows who killed you , and how they did it . That is by far the best online perk I think . It leaves out the painful question ... `` Who the hell shot me ?? `` All in all GREAT GAME !!!
 wow wat can i say that has n't already been said like most people i was drooling over halo 3 and i was totally excited about that i really forgot about this game i really did . but one day in EB games i pick this title up and wow this tops halo and bioshock the game is just intense insanely intense.and i good story to go along with it not once did i ever feel confused as to wat was going onthe game does get a little hard in some levels but that depends on the difficutly level you got it on but it should n't be too hard a problem for people who have play any COD title before.was a little short took about 6-7 hours for me to finish but then you got the replay value oh and a little bonus mission at the end have fun with that.pick this game up and make sure your not of the weak hearted .
 I have been a FPS player for a very long time and even though I do not find the time to play that much anymore , I always keep an eye out for the next big game , the game that will make me want to rush home and start playing like a 10 year old -LRB- I am 30 -RRB- . THIS IS THAT GAME !! OMG ! the physics , the cinematography , the game play everything is phenomenal , just the way people interact to the bullets the way they die or run for cover amazing experience!I own Halo3 and some other newer titles , nothing comes close to this , NOTHING !! Cant wait for 5 !!!!
 First of all , I did n't plan on getting this game until yesterday . I planned to buy the new Ace Combat but Game Crazy was out so I looked around in the store for about 20-30 minutes and was thinking about buying the Stranglehold Special Edition but was n't completely sure . When my gf had her game picked out we went to the register and the cashier asked me if that was all , and I said I do n't know what game to get . So he reached behind him and pulled a copy of this game up and told me it was one of the last 3 they had . Now not liking that past CoD games , I was sceptical about it but decided to get it.I have never made a better decision in my life ! This game kicked me on my face , punched me , and shot me in the knees ! The game is absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is absolutely flawless ! Every detail is here from wounded enemies crawling while shooting at you with a pistol to the amazing scenery in the level where the warhead goes off -LRB- just wait and drool -RRB- ! I 've been riticuled by some friends for it having a `` curse '' that makes you suck at Halo . Now I do n't know if thats true but damn this game is worth it!Go buy now !!! Nancy 's Son , D.J.
 CALL OF DUTY 4 plays like a movie , which is to say that it 's intensely action packed , has a lot of incredible moments , a fun story , and ends within a matter of hours.The story of course stretches reality just a bit , but no more than your average action film , and the locations and situations you get into are all pretty cool . There were n't any parts I did n't like until the last level where I felt like I was just playing some average shooter instead of a Call of Duty game , mostly because the fighting was reduced to running through corridors shooting from the hip pretty much at all times and throwing grenades when enemies got too blocked up . I guess I could have slowed down and played it more precisely , but the run and gun was what was working and anyway in the first half of this there was a time limit to get to a certain location . But this did n't really detract from the game as a whole anyway.The graphics are great , and especially shine on the level where you have to sneak around Cherynobyl in a camo suit . This level also had some of the most heartstopping moments in the game , and without any massive explosions or anything like that.A few more hours on the game would n't have worked with the story very well , but that should have been changed just a bit because as is the game is quite short . I do n't mind though , because even though I do n't have XBOX Live at the moment , I am more than happy replaying the levels .
 Most of the other reviews pretty much hit the nail on the head , so I wo n't get into details . This is one of the most enjoyable , intense , detailed , realistic games I 've EVER played ! Almost disturbing in many aspects , it gives an added appreciation to our men and women in the armed forces who do things like this in real life . All that combined with some of the best graphics and sound I 've ever seen in a video game make this an instant classic ! SIX stars ! : -RRB-
 This is the best game I have played in recent memory . Yes , that includes Halo 3 . The single player game is of the highest quality , a truly cinematic experience . Yes , it is short , but every level is top notch.As great as the single player game is , it is the multiplayer experience which really shines . I wo n't bother getting into details since there are many online reviews of this game . What I will say is that COD4 is quite possibly the most fun I have ever had with an online game . It takes everything that made COD2 -LRB- not the disappointing COD3 -RRB- good , refines it , adds more depth . + Amazing multiplayer . You will be playing this for a long , long time . + Gameplay is nearly perfect . Seriously . + Graphics are among the best found in any game . Great detail , animation and zero-aliasing -LRB- `` jaggies '' -RRB- , all at a buttery smooth 60fps.-Single player campaign is short -LRB- but super high quality -RRB-
 I was part of the beta tester and finally this day came on . This is the best multiplayer experience i 've ever had . Oh my gad !!! You really think your in a WAR . Play it on HDTV with surround sound and you will see what am i talking about . Buy it please .
 This game is so much fun . I freakin love this game . They put so many rocks in this game . That is why this game is great .
 Call of Duty 4
 I love this game and it 's definitely a must buy for anyone , but just realize that its older bigger brother Modern Warfare 2 is also out on the market today and well worth the $ 50 to own it . However , this game definitely offers more than its fair share of fun and will certainly suck you in .
 A good game , seller shipped it out quickly , got here within a few days
 It is just real very real when you play you feel like you are there it is really a must have game .
 MAN ALIVE OMG LOL !! Call from Duty part 4 is the newist shooter on the XboX 36 ! You wo n't even totally beleve how AWSUME it is dawg !!! ItS way better then Haloe which is totaly Gaye and for newbs !!!!! This game is not for newbz though it is for season verterins of games like myselfs!In Call From Duty you play war as a US Marin which is cool and bada $ $ because he is from the U S of A know what I sayin !!!!!! And everone know that the U S Marins are the best of the best and way better then the Russians who are commies and pinkies and natzis . And that 's another thing , no more shooting Natzis in this game and thats because the U S of A BEAT the natsis before back in World War I !!!!!! No way Hosey , this game take place in the Modern Times , or the Modern Age of inlightenmint ! . The grafics are unbelivble ! I have a 70 inch plasma LCD DLP CRT , and Dulby Sorround sound 8.1 , and wurd up when I tell you that this game makes the stupid punks over in the next trailer come pound on my door when I play it !!!!!!! They are just jealous of me though and probably russikies themselfs because they are totally commies always telling me to cut the grass in front of my traler but what is this COMMIE LAND ???!!!! Anywayz , the best part of Call from Duty -LRB- beside the fact that it 's name have DUTY in it - git it ? DUTY ! -RRB- is MULTEPLAYER ! If your like me you totally OWN and POWN in multeplayer because I got all the good guns and know how to choose the best outfits and perks and guns and riffles and pistels and granadas and if you got POWNED by someone on your online Call from Duty internet , that was prolly ME punk so in your face hahaha !!!!!!!! I sugest you by this game right now unless your poor which you probaly are hey not everone can roll like me holmes know what I saying !!!! I got rims on my el Caminno that probaly costs more then you 're whole house costs word!So to summrize it all up totally go and by CAll From Duty 4 which is the greatest game ever and bada $ $ and do urself a favor and get it today .
 I should have never bought this game . Quick and easy start and setup . Multi-player login is a breeze , i find myself loading this in more then my other games when i only have a little time to kill . Of course i wind up playing for hours , trying to level up or unlocking some new weapon or add on . Totally wrecking my sleep . Last night my `` I 'll just play for 20 minutes '' became 2 hours . Of well , a great game will do that to you . Fantastic FPS . Really sucks you into the game . I recommended it on XBOX360 . The achievements are great fun also .
 I rarely write reviews . Normally I 'm too lazy . I 've played my share of games , be it the DS , PSP , 360 , Dreamcast , whatever . I can say without hesitation , though , that this is one of the best games I 've ever played . A lot of other reviewers are extolling the greatness of the multiplayer . I honestly do n't know if the multiplayer is great or not . I 'm not big into multiplayer shooters so my opinion is based purely on the single player campaign . And the campaign is amazing . It 's one of the most well told , engaging and immersive stories I 've ever seen in a video game.I do n't want to say much more than that , lest I spoil what is one of the finest experiences I 've ever had . All I can say is that this is a game where you actually care for the characters , even some of your comrades . Assuming you 're following the story . This is a game where you walk through the ruins of abandoned city and you can feel what that would feel like thanks to the graphics and attention to detail . Buy it now . Even if all you do is play the campaign , that 's worth it at full price in my opinion .
 Call of Duty 4
 This is the best game I 've played in a long time . The multiplayer is the best out there right now ; I could play hours on end especially with my friends . You ca n't go wrong with this purchase and through amazon it was delivered within the week .
 COD4 hits all the right notes except for one
 I begrudgingly enjoy Halo 3 -- my friends love it and so I love playing it with them . Despite this , I 've always felt that it 's controls were too floaty and that the primary means of defeating your opponent was to jump repeatedly like a crazed maniac -LRB- instead of running , an ability master chief 's suit must restrict -RRB- as you attempt to shoot your opponent fifteen times before he does you . The Halo story in general is n't good , either ; every time Master Chief speaks I wish I could mute him like I can the little twerps online shouting racial epithets . Call of Duty 4 is the antithesis of Halo on these points . It 's controls are very tight -LRB- aim-and-shoot is rewarded over shoot-from-the-hip -RRB- , and multiplayer is varied and fast-paced . Despite being a faceless military soldier , your company in Call of Duty 4 are endearing and add to the adequately involved storyline .
 This is one of the first games to credibly blur the line between reality and fantasy in the world of first person shooters . The situations are so intense , the characters so gritty , you ca n't help but get lost in the game . It is a truly immersive experience where you feel the grit of the sand , the mud under your boots and smell the cordite in the air . The maps may have one way through , but the complexity of each op makes them truly challenging , with multilayered threats constantly presenting a more engaging level of complexity to the experience . Hard core shooters will love the variety of weapons , locales and mission profiles , and the fact that the actors have snappy dialogue that is spot on for the mission . The only drawback is that eventually you will have to stop to eat .
 Gears Of WarLet me say first , I am a big fan of the call of duty series ; mostly I played the games on my home computer . I was a bit hesitant at first when this version came out for the XBOX 360 ... will I have to get used to a different control set up , a hand held controller instead of a keyboard and mouse ? I 'll never get used to it . WELL I WAS WRONG !!! COD4 is my favorite game on the Xbox 360 . The gameplay is fast and furious in both the single player and the multiplayer mode . The storyline is great also in the single player mode ; the maps look a little different but you truly get a course in how to use the plethora of weaponry ! The multiplayer mode blew me away . . I have made a lot a friends -LRB- and I admit , some enemies too ! -RRB- playing this fantastic online game . You move up in rank fairly quickly even if you end up last on the winners list -LRB- as I often do , ahem -RRB- ; as you move up , you unlock weapons and other fun items like camo and gun sights . There are also like 15 different multiplayer games but I basically stick with `` free for all '' . . every man -LRB- and woman -RRB- for him/her self . The only negative I find is you ca n't control how your character looks . . you ca n't make it female -LRB- if your into that -LRB- LOL -RRB- -RRB- . Basically , the game controls the characters appearance . . you might be a marine in one game and a terrorist in another -LRB- there is even a character that looks suspiciously like Saddam Hussien -RRB- . The other problem is that you ca n't easily `` mute '' a player like you can in say HALO 3 ; you have to click on the players name , go to the xbox dashboard and mute him there . Pretty elaborate while your playing . Just like in any other online game the Trash Talk is very much alive in this game ; not for the sensitive types -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- . All in all I am truly hooked on this game and I am sure you will be too .
 I 've always been proud of the fact that I 'm not one who typically jumps on the bandwagon.Just because it seems like everyone happens to like a particular book , or movie , or game does n't mean that I am going to enjoy it.When it comes right down to it , I enjoy or dislike something based on its own merits , not the general consensus of the public at large.A perfect example of this is the Call of Duty series . A lot of my friends have played either the Xbox games , or the PC versions of this game and they typically raved about it.I , on the other hand , had no interest . There are several reasons for this . First of all , I 've never been big on World War Two games . They just did n't interest me . I guess it 's because I love technology , I love the toys and gadgets that are used in modern warfare.Secondly , I am not big into first person shooters . I typically prefer to play role playing style games . Although I have to admit that this is changing rather rapidly.Third , I did n't own an Xbox 360 at the time . I could have bought the games and played them on my PC , but I figured that would have cut into my game time of my other favourite PC games . Again , that 's something that is changing for me.I have to say that damn , I am glad my wife bought me the Xbox 360 for Christmas 2007 ... Oddly enough , it was my son who got me interested in the Call of Duty series . He played Call of Duty 2 & 3 over at my friends place and ended up purchasing a used Call of Duty 2 at Electronic Boutique games , or EB games as it is more commonly known.After he played it for a little bit , I decided to put aside my typical dislike for WW2 era games and I gave it a shot.I have to admit - three hours later , I was still playing . That says a lot for the game.Yes , I know that this review is about Call of Duty 4 , so I 'll get to that in a moment . I ca n't give it a proper review without first stating what got me into playing the game to being with , right?At this time , I 've still yet to finish Call of Duty 2 , but I can say that I 'm almost through it . The fact of the matter is that I enjoyed the game play so much that I ended up going out and buying Call of Duty 4 and started playing it right away.Like its predecessors , Call of Duty 4 is a first person shooter that is extremely intense . It is so damned easy to lose yourself in the game as you play , due to several factors.First and foremost , the energy . It is almost always non-stop . The only time things slow down at all is when you 've finally completed your objective and you can take a breather.But , during the fighting is when the game really shines . Your squad mates are caught up in the heat of the battle , shouting out orders or calling for help.If you have a good surround sound system , you could quite easily imagine yourself right there on the field of battle.The combat is so intense , you really do n't have time to do anything fancy , unless of course you 're a hard core gamer . Sure , headshots kill outright , but how often do you get a chance to make these ? Not often , let me tell you . Just like in real world combat , you will find yourself more often than not just aiming for the center of mass , the largest target that is available and firing until your target is down and out.I 've heard it said that the most lethal and un-nerving aspect of war is urban warfare . House to house fighting where there are tons of places for the enemy to hide and to make matters worse , places where you can become the target of a sniper who can end your life in the space of a heartbeat.The Call of Duty series captures this intense aspect of urban combat . Sure , it 's easy enough to run hell bent for leather through a street while you look for enemy targets and if you are taken out , you just have to reload from your last save point . But believe me , if you only had one life , you 'd be damned careful about your next step , that 's for sure.If you want to simulate this , play the game on the hardest mode . You 'll be re-loading more often than you can imagine if you 're not careful!Yes , the vast majority of the game is this intense , although there is one mission that you play that relies more on stealth and not being seen than anything else.Of course at the beginning of the game you 're introduced to a brief tutorial which teaches you the controls of the game . Although it really is n't all that necessary if you 've played the others in the series.The missions are wide and varied . You do battle onboard a ship , through various urban and sub-urban locals , ruined battle zones , and underground complexes . Once you 've completed the game the first time around you 're even treated to a special mission that takes place onboard a jet-airliner . As I mentioned before , you even get to play a mission that allows you to take the role of a sniper , one where stealth and skill play a far greater factor than simply racking up enemy body counts.Also , it was pretty cool that in one mission you get a chance to play the gunner on a AC 130 gunship , where you provide support to a squad that is trying to make its way to an extraction point.One thing that I found new in this game was the addition of some serious cut scenes . It would be a major spoiler if I said what they were , but believe me , they were not only intense , but extremely well done.These cut scenes not only help move the plot along , but add a very cinematic feel to the game.Not that the game is n't cinematic enough to begin with . We are talking state of the art gaming computer graphics here!The only thing that would have made the game more realistic is the addition of blood and guts . War is gory ; there is no doubt about it . There are no real clean kills in warfare . Body parts are blown off ; blood is spilt by the gallons . People die in sheer agony.Personally , I am glad that they toned this down . Sometimes true realism detracts from an experience . There are others who most certainly will disagree with me , but in this case , if the game was as bloody as real warfare , I 'd not be able to let my son play it.Hell , I would n't be able to play it!What is a game without a storyline ? Just random violence . The story could easily be pulled right from the front pages of today 's newspapers . It asks the big question of what if . What if a Middle Eastern terrorist organization got their hands on true weapons of mass destruction?Something that is very poignant in today 's world of political turmoil and uncertainty.As I 've discovered when it comes to many Xbox 360 games , this first person shooter does n't have a health bar , or heals scattered throughout the game . You regenerate your damage with time . If you are nearly dead , your breathing becomes laboured and your screen turns red.When this happens , find cover and pray that the enemy does n't come charging in after you or throw a grenade at your feet.You have a variety of weapons to play with through the game , everything from handguns to sub-machine guns and sniper rifles , up to and including anti tank and anti aircraft weapons.Although it 's a shame you do n't get to carry all these different weapons at once.There are a total of 37 achievements that can be unlocked throughout the game , and several of these can only be completed on Hardened or Veteran play level.Finally , if I had a complaint about the game , it 's one that I 've had with pretty much every Xbox 360 game I 've played to date ... it 's too damned short ! I would have loved to have played this game for twelve or more hours , believe me!But that 's a minor complaint.This game totally rocks , and I will soon be purchasing its predecessor , Call of Duty 3 . And , of course , I can hardly wait for the probable fifth instalment of this excellent franchise.This is one of the few times I 'm glad that I climbed onto the bandwagon .5 out of 5
 This game is either as good or better than Halo 3 . I actually switched from playing H3 to this and have n't gone back yet ! Buy this game ! Ten times better than the other Call Of Duties .
 Execellent story line . The game heart pounding action and fast action clearly makes this game must have and if you have xbox 360 , this game is best online game right now . Yes better than Halo 3 . If you have surround system , you are going to be blown away by the full throttle action .
 Let me say that the Multiplayer mode had me hooked right away . The role playing game aspects of experience leading to new abilities and new weapons is really addicting as the leveling up is not tedious in the early levels and really addicting as you bring new weapons into play . Basically as you progress through the multiplayer game you have experience affecting your rank and personal abilities , along with unlocking new sets of challenges . Challenges are ways of increasing rank more quickly as you get experience bonuses for accomplishing a challenge . One challenge would be to kill 5 enemies while in the crouched position or perhaps to call in 5 UAVs . Then there are also specific challenges associated with each weapon in the game . By completing these challenges , you not only get experience but you can acquire new camouflage for the guns or new scopes and capabilities.So multiplayer aside , there is a great single player campaign here as well , but it is missing a multiplayer coop mode that would have made this absolutely stellar . The single player campaign puts you in the shoes of 3 separate soldiers with specific objectives to meet . The missions are well scripted -LRB- much to the same degree that the missions in Halo 3 or other Call of Duty games are well scripted -RRB- , the story is well told and missions range from easy to fun to challenging without getting to terribly annoying . I ran through the game on Hardened difficulty and really got stuck in only a couple of places where I spent ungodly amounts of reloads attempting to accomplish the mission . But the ending is satisfying and spectacular and very anti-climatic . So based on this , the multiplayer aspects alone would warrant getting this game , but add in a fun , exciting -LRB- ~ 6 hours -RRB- single player mode and I think we have a winner .
 When CoD2 was released with the 360 , it was one of the main reasons to get a 360 . CoD2 rivaled Halo with its gameplay and graphics yet it still lacked a few things -LRB- simple multiplayer -RRB- but was tremendously outweighed by the atmosphere , presentation and gameplay . Then CoD3 was released and was critisized for its lackluster single player campaign but was praised for its robust multiplayer modes.Now , CoD4 was made by the makers of CoD2 so its sure to impress . It plays like CoD2 with slightly enhanced graphics -LRB- CoD2 's graphics are STILL top-of - the line -RRB- . Okay , lets take the fast paced gameplay of CoD2 and add some photo-realistic graphics to it in a modern setting and bam you have a perfect single player campaign . The only problem is that its too short which can be a good thing if you are like me -LRB- very busy with work , school , church , family , girlfriend , etc. . . -RRB- who has barely any time to play.Once the game is completed there are other difficulties to play through assuming you did n't choose the hardest as your first play through and an arcade mode where you go through the campaign playing for points with a limited amount of lives.The multiplayer has been vastly improved on considering it will take months to collect all of the weapons , camous , points , challenges , etc. ... . You can play online to earn different modes to customizations for your character . If you dedicate your time to collect EVERYTHING in a game , you 'll on this for awhile , GUARANTEED !!! All in all , its a good game that happens to deliver a little bit more on the multi than the single player mode which is still the best you can get right now next to Halo 3 on the 360 .
 The Live is fanatstic ! Very similar to COD2 . Much better than COD3 . The MP44 is back ! Buy it now and join the fun . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The single player is awesome . Some of the missions are worth playing over and over again -LRB- all ghillied up , ac-130 gunship -RRB- . The multi-player is addictive . The rank system and unlocking of weapons will keep you playing for hours.My only griefs are that the multi-player can be buggy when in a party where one player will be kicked out when the game starts and sometimes it wont let you join joinable games . Also you ca n't go back and view the last game 's stats . If I could combine this games gameplay with halo 3 's statistics compilation , screen shots , and website I would throw all my other games away .
 I played this games demo and was blown away . I had heard this game was coming but didnt think much of it . But when it came i loved it . Realistic , amazing graphics , good sound , challenging , and good Live multiplayer.But there are some minor dissapointments
 I 've been playing games since the dawn of gaming ... Atari , Activision , Nintendo . When pong , frogger , pole position , etc. first came out , it blew peoples ' minds away that lines and shapes could be animated and manipulated on a tv set . It was revolutionary . Now - some 20 + years later - the same thing has occurred with COD4 Modern Warfare . Having played a variety of games across the board , from Pitfall to pacman to Lost World and Bioshock , it is by far THE best first person shooter I have ever played . It 's quite probably the best game I have ever played - hands down . Play for yourself . You 'll never be the same gamer again .
 COD4 is by far the best Multi Player game out on xbox live to date . The COD4 servers have been better overall this fall for online gaming . The single player is good but the multi player is great .
 Great looking , handles like a dream ; There are some fantastic visuals here , making you feel you are stuck right in the middle of some serious firefights . The graphics are sharp and crisp , although many of the levels reminded me more of WWI & II types in terms of color schemes ; Very dark & grey-ish most of the time ; The helicopter stuff was a blast and the certain ` explosion ' sequence was a shocker . My only complaint was there was no way to peak around corners like say in R6
 Many have already written about the greatness of this game . I can only add that it has even eclipsed Halo 3 in my mind .
 CoD4 is a great game that I have really enjoyed -LRB- and continue to enjoy -RRB- . I rented the game originally and loved it . Then I made sure I got a copy for Christmas.I play video games only occasionally , but have to be careful with this one . The missions are varied and keep the play interesting . It runs the gamut from special-ops sneaking-around missions to sniper play , to full-out crazy firefights . They have done a pretty good job with building in the tendency of cover to degrade -LRB- if you hide behind a wooden wall , the enemy can shoot through it -RRB- , though that does n't always seem to work.I have played one of the other CoD games , so I ca n't compare it to the others in the series . However , for those of you who are casual gamers and enjoy shooters , this is one that you can play over and over .
 COD4 gameplay is real old . I was playing this game 10 years ago when it was called counterstrike and soldier of fortune . But COD4 makes up for this with a great online system . Its easy to get into a game , but I can play exactly what I 'm in the mood for unlike the halo series where you 're stuck in the worst games ever more than not . The good maps and game types make it so that no single game is remarkable -LRB- because of the stale gameplay -RRB- , but all of them are good fun . I think halo and gears of war and the tom clancy games are way more innovative than this game , but for simple clean fun with a good online community -LRB- the opposite of the halo community -RRB- COD4 delivers .
 Call of Duty 4 is quiet possibly the most graphically advanced , spectacular FPS game to ever hit the console , any console . Coming from a PC gaming background , and being a huge fan of games like Half Life 2 , Battlefield 2 and other amazing games , I 'm always skeptical when I see a game like this get so much hype . However , this game EARNS it . The graphics are as intense as can be -LRB- in HD on an HDTV ofcourse -RRB- and the multiplayer action is fast and furious . You basically work up the ranks by earning points , earning new unlocks , new options , etc in a similar way that you would earn rank in battlefield 2 . Leaderboards track stats , you can view your own statistics from game to game , and overall.It WILL take a while to get used to the xbox controller vs a mouse/keyboard ... but that 's somethign all of us PC gamers have to deal with . With practice , you 'll get better , and the game will become even more fun . Perhaps Xbox will release a controller much like the PS3 's `` Frag X '' mouse like controller , but time will tell.Enjoy !
 I got this game for Christmas , and ended up beating the single player campaign on the normal difficulty setting the same day . Short ? Absolutely , but crank it up to the `` Veteran '' difficulty and it should last you awhile -LRB- heck , I have n't even beat CoD 2 yet on Veteran -RRB- . I ca n't really comment on the online portion of this game as I am currently switching ISPs and am waiting for the installation guys to come over -LRB- curse you , Verizon , and your lack of installers -RRB- , but from what I can tell that is where the game really shines . I highly recommend this game for fans of previous CoD titles and Battlefield 2 players alike . After the last Call of Duty I was beginning to worry about the series , but with Infinity Ward back at the helm the game has returned to greatness.Welcome back , Infinity Ward . You were sorely missed .
 The game is great , but Amazon has gone down hill . Do not trust any of their shipment guarantees . I ordered this and several other available items , paid extra shipping costs , a week before Christmas and still have yet to recieve it . It is not lost , it is at the post office 30 miles away . The incredible string of lies , deceptions and just plain ignorance certainly has shed light on the type of company Amazon has become . I was a big advocate until now . They now use carriers such as DHL to deliver to regional post offices to make the final delivery , and claim they do n't understand why the package is late . Do n't make the mistake I did , which set up a very disappointing Christmas . Buy from reputable local merchants or online companies that still have integrity .
 I got this game on Christmas and sat down to play it right away . The graphics , sound , and storyline are great , and i used my 7.1 surround sound on my 1080P tv and it blew me away ! Theres only 2 drawbacks . Number 1 as everyone else stated is that its short . And number 2 is that i find that when you aim the gun the controller is too sensitive and it seems harder than it should to aim correctly in a short time . Overall a great game and i recomend this and Assassins Creed to any Xbox 360 owner !
 This is really a great game . The storyline is enthralling , the gameplay incredible , the graphics amazing , and the longevity is unbeatable.This is one game you MUST get .
 An excellent game . I 've never played any of the Call To Duty series , but I bought this one in the store out of boredom . I 've been playing it for 5 days straight . Excellent graphics , good story line . It 's only draw back is that it is relatively short . Would have been nicer if there were more levels to play . Otherwise , a good purchase .
 The single player game is amazing . I actually prefer it over Halo 3 in both multiplayer and ESPECIALLY single player . Everyone who i have suggested buy this game is HOOKED so beware ! ; -RRB-
 this game is simply perfect ... . one of the best online gameplay , great mission if not an online player . great graphics . i have to say no more than is one of the best shooter -LRB- army related -RRB- games ... . very very cool i 'd give it more stars if i could
 When it comes to FPS 's , and any other shooter for that matter , you have your current kings , namely
 I was one of the Lucky ones to be part of the beta of this game . Ever since then I was totally addicted to the realism of this game . In this game you do n't `` get owned '' as in halo . You always have a chance to have a good game because of all the options that make each player unique . Combining the right perks with the right weapons will be the key to this game . The graphics are just JAW DROPPING ! The frame rate is FLAWLESS ! You will not feel dizzy after playing this game , guaranteed ! Most importantly this game is PURE FUN ! Easy to pick up and just play without any previous experience . This is a MUST HAVE for Xbox 360 0wners !!! I promise YOU !
 For the fourth installment of the series once set in World War II , the Call of Duty series moves to the present day -LRB- thankfully -RRB- , and what results is by far the best Call of Duty game to see the light of day yet . Call of Duty 4
 -LRB- Multiplayer Details and highlights -RRB- Exciting Top notch well balanced online play , lag is nonexistent . There 's a Party System plus a ton of game modes like Deathmatch , Search & Destroy,Domination,one-on-one duel , a one-shot/one-kill hardcore mode , Heaquarters , Oldschool mode , etc.Also Matchmaking playlists , 16 multiplayer maps right out of the box , Four player split screen.Also your online player will get ` upgrade ' perks like faster re-load , detect claymores through walls , asorb more damage , all this is gained through playing and gaining experience points which is a part of the fantastic online leveling system in which everything you do while playing gains experience points that leads to new ranks . And once your promoted to new ranks you 'll get added player bonuses like calling in air-strikes , temporary radar , new weapons and attachments , matchmaking playlists , and create-a-class . You MAX out at level 55 but your able to create-a-class at level 4 , which includes,primary-secondary weapons-grenade type-etc , With 5 slots total to customize . You can tweak your custom class between rounds , according to your tastes for each map and gametype , things like radar jammer-steady aim-sleight of hand/juggernaut-quiet footsteps , etc.All In All Multiplayer is awesome , COD4 is a must own if your a XboxLive FPS fan.Onto the single player portion , wow what can I say its beautiful and each mission looks better than the last . There 's the standard intense COD action that you 'd expect as well as some new ` stealth ' type missions -LRB- with newly introduced night vision -RRB- that makes the game all that much more immersive . The weather , lighting , and textures all look fantastic , and all at an impressive 60fps . The only negative -LRB- if there is even just one -RRB- is that the campaign is only 10 hours give or take depending on difficulty and how much you explore the levels . But that being said this game hits it on all levels , fantastic gameplay , stunning graphics , excellent multiplayer , COD4 has all the right things a FPS fan needs and wants . There are some kool ` cheats ' too after you collect the -LRB- 30 -RRB- laptops scattered throughout the campaign that have the usual cheats like infinite ammo and a wierd but funny cheat that when an enemy gets killed they explode into a pile of car tires . . lol . . and with the same cheat if you shoot down a chopper the sky rains Goodyears . . lol . Also another perk , after beating the campaign ` Arcade ' mode opens up , you now get scored on the camapaign based on performance like headshots-blowing up cars-string togeter kills , like mutiple headshots etc. . You 'll see a score meter that tracks your progress in ` Arcade ' mode.What an awesome game the campaign alone really is worthy but its the multiplayer that seals the deal as COD4 is one of the best FPS to hit the consoles in a long time . Definitely ` do not miss ' this stellar game.PEACE
 you come home from work everyday and play it just as much as you did when it came out over a year ago ... I love this game . Its addictive , the graphics are insane , the story mode is excellent , and multiplayer is incredible . When you die in MP , you know its because of what you did/didnt do . This isnt Halo where you can ` nade someone , empty a clip into them , and then they turn around and 1 shot you . You kill , its because you were better . You die , its because you were n't ... Absolutely incredible game and worth every penny ...
 I realize this is one of the greatest games on the market , hands down . The single player campaign is simply crazy . But on multiplayer it does n't even come close to a game like Rainbow Six Vegas . I 've spent hours with my serious gamers playing those maps over and over , but with this game , I 'm done after I beat it on single player campaign . That was the feeling for most of the people I played with online . Co-Op would have made this the perfect game .
 Considering how much i hated Call of Duty 3 . . i was n't looking forward to another WW2 shoot em up . And it seems neither was Activision as the developers decided to take the COD franchise in a new directionHello fictional yet modern day warfare!Like most of Call of Duty games . The action is pretty intense and exciting . Never a dull moment . Unlike most COD games , the multiplayer as been changed to be ten times better then previous installmentsThe multiplayer on Xbox live sort of resembles something like Battlefield 2 . In which you fight matches and gain xp . The more xp and challenges beat , the more unlockables you can get . And wow are their a lot of unlockables ! You can unlock everything from new weapons , new perks , to new multiplayer type games even . Going on a kill streak in a game will allow you to really bring the ownage in terms of calling a helicopter or air strike to rain hell and fury on your enemy . This is of course the difference from previous games . Their are probably millions of ways to kill your enemy in multiplayer and you 'll probably want to switch weapons often just to beat the challenges and unlock more stuff.The single player is fun although pretty short . You mostly play as the SAS although their are also a few USMC missions . Like most COD 's , it feels like it 's you vs an entire army at times . But that is of course the fun of a COD game . The AI is pretty intelligent and will throw back grenades and give a last ditch effort to kill you when they 're about to die . The coolest mission is probably the Spectre gunner mission in which you rain death from above on you 're enemies , nothing cooler then killing a group of enemies with one shoot from the Spectre cannon . A sniper mission that takes place in Chernobyl is also a fun mission that adds elements of stealth to a pretty much run and gun gameWhen you completed the game you unlock `` Arcade mode '' which takes the single player experience to a whole new level . In this mode you are timed in each mission and have to score as many points as possible . Head shots as well as kill streaks boost your score up while dying and lost of time will hurt it . It allows for some replay if the player is n't interested in multiplayerGraphics and Sound are good as well . Music is kind of repetitive but then again it really wo n't matter over the sounds of explosions and bullets.All in all . . this game is a must have ! I ca n't think of anything bad to say about this game ...
 Wow , this game is cool . I have a Samsung 50 '' DLP 1080p and this game looks great . It is the most photo-realistic console game I have ever played ; The colors are rich and textured very well.Game play is fun . The single player campaign is shorter than some games but still worth every penny . The weapons are cool and the levels are beautiful . I can only ask that it is longer.Multiplayer is awsome . Compared to Halo 3 , I prefer Call of Duty 4 . Not that I think Halo 3 sucks , It is just a matter of what style of game play I prefer.The fact that you have to earn weapons and weapon upgrades is appealing to me , it keeps me coming back . The waiting time for a match is short unlike the 5-10 minute waits in Call of Duty 3 . The sub-machine guns are weak in this game . The AK47 is horribly inaccurate , the M-16 is too powerful , the Barrett .50 cal sniper does n't always kill in one shot , and sometimes you get spawned right in front of the enemy , which can be annoying . Give it a shot , good game .
 I will start off by saying that I am not a hardcore gamer . I 've only had the Xbox 360 for a month or two now . I 've played maybe 5 or 6 different games , including Halo 3 , CoD 2 and 3 , Bioshock , Gears of War , etc.CoD4 is by far the best out of anything I have played . What everyone has said so far is absolutely true . Graphics , sound , game play , they are all great.Many have said that it only takes 6 hours to get through the single player mode . I am not that good , so it is taking me a lot longer than that . And I am playing on the regular setting . In the more difficult modes it will take me significantly longer to complete , but it will be well worth it.The game is incredibly absorbing , really pulling you into the action . Certainly there has to be some linearity to the game , otherwise you 'd never finish it , but along that linear path is a tremendous amount of variability in play that should keep your attention for a good while.The AI , both friend and foe , is very well done and keeps you on your toes . I have never had a game make my heart race , or where I found myself holding my breath , like while shooting a sniper rifle , or just because of the intensity of the action.One complaint I have , and it 's not really a complaint , but rather a preference , is that I think it would be much better if bodily injury caused the same consequences as in real life . If I get shot by a sniper , or lit up by an AK , I should be dead . Yes , that would make the game that much more difficult , but then I think it would make it that much more interesting too because you would really have to think through your strategy . While I am playing I judge my success not only by completing a mission , but by keeping a mental note of how many times I got shot . The fewer the better , obviously.I played online for the first time last night and the online play is infinitely better than CoD2 or 3 . If you think the single player mode is enveloping , online multi-player is a whole new world . Intense . Engaging.If you like FPS , then it would be impossible to go wrong with this game .
 By far , one of the best FPS ever made . Single player missions are insanely realistic with the best AI I 've seen in a video game yet . It gets your heart pumping . Online play is out of this world . Has a ranking system where you get better weapons and skills are you score more points in online play . The online play is worth the $ 60 alone . This is a must have game .
 I bought this game mainly for online multiplayer only but it seems you will need to do the campaign to unlock online game options . Gameplay and graphics are amazing compared to anything else right now . I am a huge halo fan also and i do not like to compare call of duty 4 to halo 3 because they are two different games that offer different stuff . THey are both my favorite games at the moment and i would recommend both !
 There is a reason this game is getting all 5 star ratings ; it 's simply incredible on all accounts . I would just be repeating others ' praises were I to offer my own , so I will just say this
 This is my first purchase of a first person shooter , I have played Halo and other titles like Bioshock that by the way is also a great FPS game . But COD 4 by far is the best FPS action game I have ever seen , the graphics are so real you actually feel like you are in there fighting , the sound is unbelievable , recommendation if you have your XBox 360 connected with optical audio you will not be disappointed.For those who do n't have XBox live this is the game that will no doubt let you go and purchase xbox live , COD 4 takes multiplayer game to another level 16 freaking incredible maps , a ton of games modes for multiplayer and you can customize you own soldier and as you go along you get perks depending on the stats that you acquire.There 's only 2 games that could match this Assassin 's Creed and Mass Effect but I would not be surprised one bit that COD 4 comes out on top.If you are hesitant in buying it , rent it , but I warn you , you will be so addicted to it , that you 'll go out running to a store to buy it .
 If you have any interest at all in military-type shooters like Rainbow 6 & Ghost Recon ... GET THIS GAME !! If you loved Battlefield 2 or the classic BF1942 Mod `` Desert Combat '' ... GET THIS GAME !!! Do n't hestitate for a second ... scroll up , click on the BUY IT NOW button and thank me later.I picked up the PC version of this game yesterday and have not been able to stop playing it . The graphics and gameplay are incredible and that 's just in single player mode . The multiplayer mode is even better . It is everything you wanted in a multiplayer military shooter but did n't know to ask . Trust me when I say ... THIS GAME ROCKS !!!
 This is a great game , play , graphics , sound , etc. . It does have 2 very noticable drawbacks , it has no co-op mode and it is very short . The levels that you get are good with a couple wasted bits *** spoiler *** the part at the beginning is a bit drawn out the part after the nuclear blast again drawn out and a bit puzzling . I liked the plot outcomes , they were a bit different . My advice , if you like playing online , I have many friends that swear by this game . If you are interested in campaign mode , wait for this title to get cheaper by about $ 30 dollars or so , then by all means get it !
 This game was reDONKulous !!! it was just too short . I hope Part 2 is way longer than this
 Call of Duty 4 is a system seller.This is the best online console game.If you have a militay backround , it is still a good game . Lots of older gamers like this game too .
 Call of Duty 4 is the best multiplayer FPS experience to date . This game will get its hooks into you and you will never want to stop playing !
 This game is one of the greatest games i have ever played . As soon as i got the game i got home , played it , and could not stop . I stayed up all night then played again the next day . The online features are one of the greatest . It enables you to `` Create a Class '' , where you can selct your own gun and a number of perks . It also gives you a variety of weapons , all the way from the M16 to the Barrett M182 -LRB- Barett 50 . Cal for the people who do n't know the real name -RRB- . Not only is the online experience amazing but the Graphics are the most high tech I have ever seen . It puts you into the real action , and horror of a real war zone . This game has also gotten the Game of the Year award which also proves its greatness . Now with 4 new maps -LRB- which i am downloading while i write this review -RRB- It gives you even more reason to buy this game . Happy hunting !
 I have this game on Wii and used to play it all the time . I was fifth prestige level 55 . Then my nunchuck broke and it was either get a new nunchuck for $ 25 or the same game on xBox for 5 . I got it within three or four days and it is great . The graphics are really good but nothing compared to that of Black Ops 2 . I love this game and the simplicity of it .
 i know they may exist but who hasnt played cod . i just wanted all the modern warfare games . i bundled them and purchased them all for less than the price of one new copy of modern warfare 3 .
 Great game full of history , action , and fully great moments thru time that allow the gamer a great experience to be had
 fun role playing and mission . excellent graphics . recommend this game to anyone who enjoys all the other call of duty games .
 You really ca n't go wrong with a classic game like this for 8 bucks . The campagin and storyline really packed a punch . It was so good that I wanted it to be longer . I have only played this game and `` The Big Red One '' in the series so I have a lot to look forward to . Both games lived up to the hype in my opinion . People still play online from what I see . I may step out there once I sharpen my skills . I hear you can play the series in any order and it wo n't really spoil it for you . If you play this game first , it will really suck you into the series ! This game will stay in my collection .
 The Call of Duty franchise is tough to beat . Previous installments of the series have n't been the most refined games visually , but people play these games for the plot . An aside - my previous comment does n't apply to this game ; it has excellent visuals . There is never a dull moment when play a Call of Duty game . Call of Duty 4
 I ordered the original COD : MW last week and did n't expect to see it for a long while . Yet , it arrived a day before it 's estimated delivery date ! This is the classic and awesome .
 It 's a pretty good game , but one problem people may have with it is the fact that the single player campaign is pretty short . A short game however , is not bad though in my opinion . And since I only paid only $ 7 bucks for the game brand new anyway , i 'm happy with it . As I was playing it though , I felt that the entire single player campaign was just a training session or tutorial for players to just get used to the controls ... and then the REAL game begins once you start playing it on line with other people . I perfer the older COD games because they were a bit longer , but this one is still a pretty good game to play , and just as good as the other COD games .
 This is the first Call of Duty for the Xbox 360 . It is a great game . It is more basic than the more recent Call of Duty 's , but is an awesome overall game .
 overall the best call of duty to date best graphics best weapons best levels best everything . cant wait for modern warfare 2 .
 Awesome extras like AC-130 and helicopter levels . Fun and well-paced . The only drawback is that the game is somewhat short .
 Awesome game ! One of the BEST xbox live games available ! PERFECT CONDITION , although it was used . Fast shipping ! Thank you !
 This game is THE perfect shooter , engaging storyline , PERFECT MULTIPLAYER ! better than halo 3 , ive spent nearly 10 days on the cod4 multiplayer alone ! im 5th prestige lvl 40 ! Purely A gaming masterpicce.Overall
 As real as possible , very addictive , online is difficult to get used to but that 's only because I 'm not that good . Missions were very fun ... great game !!!
 There are a few improvements that could be added to this game , but It 's still a fun game .
 Awesome game . The multiplayer is insane and totally addicting ! Great graphics , 5 out of 5 .
 If you are a gamer you must play this game . One of my favorite FPS -LRB- First Person Shooter -RRB- . Not really for the kiddies though ... that is why it has an `` M '' rating . 2 words ... Love It !
 There are 400 + reviews and i 'm sure at least a hundred of them mentioned the AC-130 ... For me , that one mission was such a cool departure from the rest of the gameplay and so immersive that I had to throw in the 456 ` th voice .
 The live for this game is unbelievable and tons of fun . The only thing that bugs me is when your a beginer sometimes you get mached up with alot better people than you .
 I have always been a fan of call of duty , when they released cod4 i was amazed . I have tried GRAW but did n't care for it . I really think COD4 is better than GRAW . If you have n't played this game yet and you like shooters and own a 360 . get this game now . you wont be disappointed .
 This one of the funnest games I have played in some time . The actual game is fun and fairly easy or very hard depending on what mode you choose . The online gaming is out of this wolrd . A must have .
 This game is utterly amazing !!! And the transaction was superb - we got the product very quickly . No complaints .
 This game is so exciting . I play it every chance that I can get to play it . Let me go over some pros and cons.Oh and by that way these are all IMO.Pros : Story mode is amazing . Very intense and it looks and sounds amazing . I am using a 52 '' 1080p 50,000:1 contrast ratio 120Hz 4ms response time . I am also using a 5.1 channel surround sound system for the PS3 version . All of this just makes me feel like I am really there . The sounds are realistic . Well most of them are . This game has guns that are all real . Such as the AK-47 , Desert Eagle , Gold Desert Eagle , Gold AK-47 , AK-74u , M4 Carbine , M16 , Dragonuv , Gold Dragonuv , Mini-Uzi , Gold Mini-Uzi , Barret .50 Cal Sniper Rifle , Berreta M9 , USP .45 , M1911 , M21 , M14 , MP44 , P90 , MP5 , RPD , and many more . In this game you can unlock accessories for your weapons -LRB- online -RRB- such as the ACOG scope . When you get these things , they are determined by the amount of kills that you receive . Camo for your weapon such as Digital , Blue Tiger , Red Tiger , and -LRB- on some guns -RRB- Gold , are determined by how many headshots yu can get with that weapon . This game is just fantastic with so many things to do . Oh and when you rank up , there i a limit . You can go all the way up to level 55 and then after that you can go into something called prestige mode . It resets all of your weapons and what not . Once you get to level 55 again in prestige mode , then you can go into another prestige mode . I think that there are 15 prestige modes . This game is just great.Cons
 I have played most of the First Person Shooter games out right now and in my opinion COD4 is by far the best . It will exceed your expectations in every way . Buy it as soon as you can , especially if you have x-box live .
 I 've been a long time fan of FPS games starting back w / Doom and Wolfenstein and if you 're a fan of the genre you need this game . Only thing that can compare w / it on the 360 is Gears of War , though I like CoD4 a bit better than GoW .
 The xbox live features of this game is the best . Go head to head with total strangers and the fun never ends . Visually one of the best game and the game play is fantastic . Well worth the price . Forget GTA4 , get this .
 This game is the best game ever ! The single player is phenomenal and the multiplayer is twice as good . I 'll have to warn you that it 'll take a while to get used to , especially if you 've never played a first person shooter game before . But after you get used to it , the problem will be trying not to get addicted to the game . Excellent game , a must have !
 A great game that will last you a long time . Single player is outstanding and the multiplayer very addictive and fun . A must buy for any Xbox 360 owner
 I like almost every thing in this game the weapons , scenarios , controls , and the characters , the only down size is the fact that the game could be ended in 6 to 8 hours with no hurry , so for the non on line player thats a huge down size even though I 'll give four stars because I really like the game play .
 This game is crazy good , GFX and all . I have not played COD since the first was released so I had a bit of a learning curve , does not take long at all . I love war games but the Europe theater is getting very old -LRB- looking forward the History channel battle for pacific release -RRB- . This release is very close to the GRAW/RB6 Vegas venue . My only problem is game length , VERY SHORT , however online play more than makes up the difference . Overall I am very pleased , this is not a `` great '' review but I had to put in my rare few cents .
 I would recomend not preordering it takes to long to get to your house I could have gone and got it alot faster ... Anyways the game is great one of the best games of the year I personaly like it better than Halo 3 . . If you like first person shooters you will love this . .
 Infinity Ward has finally realized that World War II is now ancient history . Call of Duty 4 is , all hands down , the best FPS set in the modern era . In this game , you get to kill Islamic extremists and Russian ultranationals instead of the same old , played out Nazis that we 're all too familiar with by now . From battling thugs on a Russian cargo ship to blasting gunmen from thousands of feet in the air , this game does a superb job of simulating combat with modern weapons and today 's state-of-the-art technology . The only problem is that they should have added A LOT more levels for the single-player campaign , that is , if you do n't have Xbox Live . Nevertheless , the gunfights in the single-player campaign are very intense and it seems as though you are always surrounded by enemy soldiers . You must beat some very difficult odds just to get through an entire level without dying at all even on just Regular . If you 're a fan of modern warfare games , this is a MUST-BUY .
 This game is able to capture the classic COD feel with its intensity , but able to put it into a modern setting that we can all relate to -LRB- from Gulf War in the 90s to current war -RRB- . I 'm only about 5 or 6 levels in and I love it so much .
 This game would be perfect except for one thing , like Halo 3 , the single player game is way too short . Games like this should take more than 6 hours to beat . Multiplayer , graphics and game play are excellent . After all , it 's hard to beat playing the gunner of an AC-130 Spectre gun ship . Some of the extras are a little bit cheesy too . Like playing the game like it was an old silent film . Does that really add anything ? No . Overall this game is excellent and it has good replayability . I would definitely recommend it too anyone .
 For the sake of argument i 'm going to compare this game to Halo 3 , simply becaue i believe that if you are looking to buy this game or have done so already , chances are Halo 3 is already in your gaming library.THE GOOD-1st off , if you do n't have multiplayer , you still have a reason to buy this game , the single player campaign is great , albeit short -LRB- about 6-7 hours straight through -RRB- , ofcourse if you spread it out , about a weeks worth . Halo 3 's single player campaign was ... rushed and dirty -LRB- one driving level i 'm thinking of towards the end was straight crap -RRB- , it felt more like a multiplayer game with a single player add-on . - Great graphics and sound , being in a massive gun fight and seeing dogs run towards you or rockets fly by is pretty intense.-Some great scripted sequences.-Multiplayer is some of the best FPS you 'll do online , with a ranking system similar to Halo , but extremly deeper and more gratifying . Where in Halo you really only move up in Rank if your team wins the match , so if you 're playing a team slayer for 15 min and loose , then that 's essentially 15 min wasted . But in COD 4 , you gain XP for doing almost anything , shooting someone through a wall , falling 250ft , running a certain distance , my point being , even if your team looses the match you still get XP for how well you played regardless if you win or lose , meaning that your character bumps up in rank much faster.-Let 's just say there is a lot of unlockables in multiplayer by moving up in rank , which is an added addiction . Also , the rewards for getting 3 , 5 , 7 kills in a row without dying is awesome -LRB- i do n't want to ruin the surprise -RRB- ! The fact that they help your whole team and not just you is a great touch!THE BAD-One of the huge advantages of Halo 3 compared to COD 4 is their save/film/picture system which allows you to go back and watch your multiplayer and singleplayer games like a movie . That was a great idea Bungie . If there was that great moment where you sniped a grenade in mid air , or blew 5 guys up at once , well you can relive it and show all your friends . There is nothing like this in COD 4.-Halo 3 's multiplayer maps are more open , focusing a lot of the action out in the open , which i personally enjoy more , COD 4 is more of a creeping through rooms and sitting in bushes and waiting type of game , not to say it 's not action packed , it 's just that when the action goes down , it 's quick.-Halo 3 has vehicles , COD 4 does n't . In short , if you are a serious gamer , play games has a hobby , or just play occasionally for fun because you have nothing else to do , this game is a must , especially if you enjoy first person shooters .
 Call of Duty 4
 I was a huge fan of Call of Duty 2 , which was also the brainchild of Infinity Ward . Call of Duty 4 shows how they have since then honed their juicy game-creating skills and chocked this title to the brim with delights . Shooting an enemy through thin walls , pinpoint satellite barrages , flash bang grenades that actually cause the effects of a flash bang grenade ; these just name a few trinkets of the genius presented in this masterpiece . The graphics in the actual game play are enough to make one salivate like Homer Simpson -LRB- mmmmnnnn ... graphics ... achlhhhhh -RRB- . The physics system is astounding as cars and select walls can be obliterated . The multiplayer is in a league of its own and may cause hours of mind-blowing entertainment . I was a little disappointed with the fact there is no campaign co-op or multiple players allowed on xbox live with one console . As far as Halo 3 , I was very pleased . For those who were not satisfied with the Master Chief this time around , Call of Duty 4 is a great alternative . All in all , this title is a true-to-life next-gen experience . A definite must-have .
 I have played many fps games on x-box and the 360 ; Halo , Ghost Recon , etc. I am five missions in on the single player campaign -LRB- regular difficulty -RRB- . Please note that I come from a real-world military background . Based on my experiences , I have litte patience for over-the-top shooters , with little real-world grounding , and lack of attention to detail . My main go-to game was Battlefield 2 , in multiplayer -LRB- the single player caimpagn flat sucks -RRB- . Now it is C.O.D. 4 . This game is the most balanced , entertaining and realistic first person shooter I have ever played.I enjoy Halo , but am aware of its ... foibles ; 30 foot high jumps , needlers , etc. . C.O.D. 4 is totally immersive
 I have been looking forward to this game since I first saw video on it months ago . I had been building this game up with hype and hoped it would n't disappointment . After playing the beta I was sure it would n't disappoint . Now that the retail version is out , let me tell you , it has not disappointed . After some intense nights of multiplayer action and brief trek through the single player , I can say this game is the best FPS multiplayer game on the market.The graphics in this game are some of best yet seen on any system , including PC . This is one of those games that when you see it , you 'll definitely say `` Wow . '' The game runs at a rock solid 60 fps and has some fantastic lighting and particle effects . Even when things get hectic on screen the framerate never dips.The sound in Call of Duty 4 is also top notch . Voice work is believable and helps to keep you involved in the story . The gun sounds are very nice , as well as explosions . It 's very gratifying tossing a grenade over to nearby car which enemies are trying to use as cover and then see it explode.Even though I have yet to finish the campaign , from I have played so far it has been a blast . This game is intense . I have been playing the game on the hardest difficulty , Veteran , and let me say that it will challenge you . Though I 've heard the game is short , I think if played on the hardest difficulty the game will not only last a bit longer , but also feel more gratifying.On the multiplayer end of things , though this game is not as deep as Halo 3 , the gameplay itself outshines Halo 3 , in my opinion . The gameplay is fast , responsive , and very intense , with very few exploits that I have seen so far . I still have n't gotten out of Team Deathmatch game mode even though I have unlocked all of the other game modes.One feature I do like is the ability unlock weapons , multiplayer game modes , multiplayer challenges , and perks . The fact that there are no multiplayer achievements may bother some , but think of it as a chance to enjoy the game for the games sake , not so you force trying to get 10 kills in a row at the expense of enjoying the game.The multiplayer challenges add incentive to keep on playing the multiplayer by giving you new camos for your weapons . Some challenges are straightforward such as get 150 kills with this weapon and some are just fun to try for such as the X Ray Vision Challenge which is killing enemies by shooting them through the wall . Now that sounds like fun . The perk system is also something that should be noted.The perk system is a great addition to the FPS multiplayer formula . This feature gives people the option to customize their soldier to have certain special abilites during the battle . Some may want to create a sniper who is fast and ca n't be detected . By giving yourself the added stamina perk for running longer distances along with UAV jammer perk , you can have a sniper who will be hard to find , though with the kill cam feature that shows up after everytime you die , you 'll always have an idea of where the person that killed you might be hiding.It would have been nice to have the option to customize the look of your soldier ala Rainbow Six
 This game is amazing and addicting . I 'd imagine this is how a heroine addict feels . If you do n't have time to play games do n't buy COD4 , all you 're going to want to do is play
 While the single player is short , but very solid -- the multiplayer just keeps on giving . Overall , this game is very balanced and just a lot of fun to play .
 Ok story mode , however the online is great . Great graphics , sound , controls and upgrade system . New maps just made it more enjoyable .
 Im realy funny and like ` t this game , It ` s very good game , It ` s the best one game for any one like action war game , The sound for the music with graphic is very very good.If you like shoots , action , war , strategic and working your mind I recommend to purchase call of duty4 , and you will not repent .
 it is awsome , i 've never played video games before , but my two sons convinced me to try it and i had to order me one when i came to iraq . i have alot of fun with this game.thanksSGT . BOBBY PHILLIPSSOME WHERE IN IRAQ
 Graphics
 This game is the real thing . It is similar enough to older shooters that you do n't have to re-learn a whole new system , but it is different enough to really be fresh . With the ability to customize your players with every game , you can choose the weapons that will be useful on that map , as well as use the weapons you are most comfortable with.The gameplay is second to none . One of the coolest features is the ability to look at the way you were killed by your enemy on XBOX Live . It helps you learn new tactics and shows you that you really did n't have him in your sights!As for the debate between CoD4 and Halo 3 , I personally think it is n't even close . Halo 3 is the same old same old , with a few new wrinkles . It is one of the greatest games ever , but it is still living off of the old innovations of the original . CoD4 is fresh . It feels like a completely new experience and the graphics are incredible . All you have to do is play the first level on single-player to know that this is not the same old shooter.One last thought . The single-player game is emotionally charged . The story is engrossing and real and the combat situations are not completely linear . Several times I was locked in combat in an alley , expecting all enemies to come from in front of me , only to get ambushed from behind , the side , or on top of a near-by building . This puts you in a constant state of tension , expecting death to come from anywhere . It does n't take a genius to realize that this is what a real combat situation must feel like.I could write about this game for several pages . But suffice it to say that this is the type of game that only comes along once in a great while . If you like shooters at all , you must have this one .
 HAVE NOT GAMED WITH IT JUST BOUGHT IT BECAUSE IT WAS CHEAP , I WILL HIT IT A LITTLE LATER
 I enjoyed this more than all the previous COD games in the series ! awesome story and very forgiving engine -LRB- unlike COD3 which was frustrating -RRB- .
 Ca n't believe I found this on Amazon cheaper than the local store ! Awesome game , great customer service from Amazon - they had this on my door within 3 days from purchase !
 I believe that this game is probably one of better games that I have ever played . The campaign is pretty intense , and it really draws you in to play more . The multiplayer is pretty fun as well . Be that as it may , since this game has been out so long , there are people who play this game constantly and are quite good at on Xbox Live . If possible , get a friend to play the split screen mode and practice before you go out and get annihilated by the true gamers on Xbox Live.The only downfall to this game is the fact that it takes too much time from your regular life ! It is highly addicting , and is sure to keep you entertained for long gaming sessions whether you are playing along with someone through Xbox Live , or even solo on the campaign or shooting up other players online.I have been one to play a lot of Call of Duty games , but very few come close to this . I have never been so into one of their games as I was when playing this . It truly is one of my favorite games out of my whole collection that I own .
 A friend got me to buy a copy of CoD 3 , which I found quite boring and did n't bother playing very much . However , they convinced me to give the series a second chance and play Modern Warfare instead , even though I believed it would be so similar to the last one that I would n't care , but I 'm very glad that I took that chance , because it is infinitely better than the previous game ! -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 COD4 represents a perfectly blended game experience , An awesomely fun story mode and a possibly even more fun multiplayer mode , the best multiplayer mode of any console game I 've ever played .
 Call of Duty 4 does a lot of things right with it 's jump to modern warfare , but a part of me felt like they brought some of World War II with them.The single player campaign is fairly short , but it 's your average modern FPS fare in terms of length . The gameplay is fantastic ! If you thought the previous Call of Duty games were chaotic , imagine a modern day console launch in the U.S. Plenty of people , plenty of violence , and plenty of guns . The intensity only lets up for short breathers -LRB- generally at the beginning of the game , cause in the second half it 's all guns blazing -RRB- . The pacing of the game is superb . I played through the entire game in one sitting and never once felt things were getting a little too repetitive . In the beginning of the game when you 're switching between the two soldiers it kind of feels like two different games , but before you get too much of a good thing , you switch to the other and it helps keep the game fresh . One of the best parts of the game is the presentation . Unlike previous games in the franchise you do n't play x amount of levels as a British soldier , x amount as an American , etc. etc. . Instead you find yourself switching back and forth between an American and Brit in a seemingly unrelated , but in fact congruent storyline . There 's plenty of razzle-dazzle during the loading screens and in between missions , as a satellite tracks your character 's location around the globe , or a 3D schematic shows off one of the games vehicles giving you all kinds of technical data . Definitely more modern than the old war journals of the previous incarnations . The enemy AI is good ; they 'll find cover and blind fire , they 'll throw a cacophony of grenades , and just generally do their best to kill you.Like yin and yang , in all light there is darkness , and there is some not so bright spots to be found . They did a great job of making the combat modern , but parts of the game play are n't , at least to me . You 're not just one soldier , you 're part of a squad and you 're squad can do some cool stuff . They can take cover , they can breach doors , they can take a seemingly unlimited amount of bullets without dying , they can survive explosions that would normally kill you -LRB- unless you were the cause of the explosion , in that case - `` Friendly fire will not be tolerated '' -RRB- . Why ca n't I take cover ? Enemies can . Why ca n't I blind fire ? Enemies can . Maybe Rainbow Six
 As mentioned in other reviews the single player campaign is a bit short and uninspired , but , seriously , who buys these games to play them single-player ? The multiplayer is great and with so much to unlock , achieve and do you 'll more than get your money out of this game .
 I give this game 5 out of 5 stars . The campaign mode is a little short , but still an extremely fun and amazing game experience . If you 're in to multiplayer games then this is the best one out for xbox 360 . This game is a must have !
 I was definately supprised by the quality of the game play as well as the fact that it 's even more of a blast online!They take modern warefare to a whole new level and make it just FUN to get out there and shoot up the streets . Online play is great , I would have to say the best system for online combat ever . You have to get kills to get better weapons/rank . You also have to get rank to unlock cool extra features and so on.All in all , this game blows away a majority of the other combat games on the market . I pretty much have n't even touched Halo 3 since I picked this game up . I 've gone through and beat it on the first couple difficulties and am working on getting a perfect score for the final -LRB- I work 60-70 hours a week so yeah it takes a while -RRB- . GET IT !
 I have always loved the Call of Duty series , and this one lives up to the legacy . This game is nothing short of amazing.The first thing you notice is how gorgeous this game is . The graphics are amazing and really give a feel for being there . There is no feel of shift form in-game video and cut scenes like some other titles . From open fields and Russian mountains to tight alleys in Baghdad , everything has a real feel to it . Lighting , character models , animations , terrain , nothing is left behind as far as quality goes . While the graphics are amazing , one map stands above the rest . The Sniper map near the middle of the single player campaign is breathtaking . It is shocking how good that level looks , there are times I stop just so I can look around . The lighting in particular stands out on that level.The voice work is also well done . There is none of the awkward , third rate soap acting that we have come to expect from most titles . For once , the voice acting actually adds to the title , instead of detracting from it.Story for first person shooters are n't always the best , and while the one in this COD4 is good for a FPS story-line , it is n't particularly great . It is about what could be expected , and many stereotypes are played upon . There is a high point . The ability to play through the death of a character , is amazing . There is n't any action in the scene , and the characters already a gonner . But to be able to crawl out of the downed chopper and into the nuclear blast ravaged country-side before dying is priceless and a great innovation . The one real problem the game has is in the story telling , specifically the ending . It feels very abrupt , and makes me wish there was more of a transition . The end practically sneaks up on you.This is one of the all time best FPS . Everyone should play this game .
 The game is great and taunts a lot of advantages . Since you can hear about those just about anywhere I wanted to get as in depth as possible with this review . I am very pleased with a lot of things but also let down by some.Single Player : The story is one of the best I have seen in a FPS in a long time if ever . My wife was even eager to see what happens next . It gives you the feeling your on real missions . Graphically it 's pretty spectacular . The story is a little short so if your looking for a spectacular single player game you might end up being disappointed by that . The loading screens are even entertaining and part of the story . The biggest drawback to single player is the lack of CO-OP . I 'm not huge on this feature myself but honestly with the way next gen games are going it 's a little disappointing to not see it here . The AI for the most part is pretty decent especially on some of the higher difficulties so you will have to use and find cover . If your looking for `` Run and Gun action '' play Halo 3 . The controls are really simple . The objectives are somewhat linear but the action and detail really polishes out and blemishes on the single player.Multi-Player : This is where the game really shines . There are many ways to play that are unique and different . The reward system has both good and bad points . The good part is that it makes the game a lot more fun , interesting and rewarding . As you gain points you unlock guns , Perks and other features . You are provided specific challenges to complete to earn bonus points and raise your rank . With each rank their are new weapons and new challenges . There are a lot of options with weapons and you have the option of starting off with your fav . gun every game . The downside , the same is true for everyone else . If your just starting out it can be frustrating because everyone else has better guns and what not.The big downer here is that there are no vehicles to man . This makes small party games kinda dull because most maps are rather large . You can spend a lot of time just looking for each other . Another downer is that while the kill streaks are fun to get it builds the momentum of kills . One guy may come out with 30 kills while others have 5-8 . Making it harder for a new players to get accustomed to the game play . The helicopter in particular tends to kill in rather exaggerated ways . The other big downer is connection speed . If you dont have a good connection in the game its likely you will have a poor game . although the same is true with just about any other shooter . So if you run off of DSL it can make it more challenging . These are some of the disadvantages less spoken about but if you look at my rating I love the game.The animation for the most part is pretty good although you sill will see legs , guns and arms sticking through walls . There is a lot to like here and the advantages highly outweigh the disadvantages.It 's very rewarding to get kills and points because at the end of the game it 's not just bragging rights but it unlocks a lot of features . The community for the most part is pretty postive . While you will always have people talking trash , the community is fairly eager to help out the new guy that does n't get it yet . Most everyone seems to be pretty freindly and I dont hear the F bomb form every 13 year old . The game does a pretty decent job of spicing things up and providing different ways to play . Multi-player is very customizable the Perks , guns and upgrades allow you to customize your own way to play . From snipers , to Campers , to run and gun multi player covers all the bases . the different game modes really change things up . The biggest drawback is the lack of manable vehicles . Very polished game . I love it .
 This game is definitely worth getting , especially on the Xbox 360 . The campaign is short , but it is still very good with lots of replay value . The achievement system really adds to it.This Call of Duty sets itself apart from the prequels of the game . The first three were WW2 based first person shooters . Call of Duty 4 is a present/futuristic first person shooter . The plot of the campaign is basically you 're trying to kill a dictator which you suspect has nuclear weapons and is ready to bomb the face of the Earth out . You are the US Marines or the S.A.S -LRB- Special Air Service -RRB- trying to stop them.Graphics ; this game really presents some very good graphics . It 's not a WOW type of graphic like Gears of War but it is still outstanding . There is not any frame rate issues from what I have experienced in my 5 hours of campaign and multiplayer . I give the graphic department a 9/10 . A.I -LRB- Artificial Intelligence -RRB- and gameplay ; this game AI and gameplay varies for each difficulty . On the easiest level , you are pretty much invincible if you do n't make any stupid mistakes but that veteran , the hardest level , it 's a suicide mission . The enemies are n't that smart but know how to kill you . The controls are easy to learn and the gameplay is very smooth . I give the gameplay a 8/10 for SINGLE PLAYER.Multiplayer ; this gameplay is more realistic since you have humans playing against you . There are several maps you can play on and ranks you can earn to get better weapons and such . The multiplayer is intense!I give it a 10/10 . So you have to buy this game . I 'd just buy it for the multiplayer since it 's so well done.Hope this helps !
 The game its great , im playing it on veteran , and i must say its quite good , and not as short as people says , anyway im having a good time with the game the mission where you are a sniper is one of the bests , and the multiplayer its quite adictive . All around its a good game , i only give it 4 star becouse it doesnt have a co op , at least not that i have seen .
 Though the single player campaign is short , it is very exciting and well-done . The variety of missions and graphics are one of the best for the system.The game really shines in the multiplayer mode . I never imagined that I would love playing it so much ! Rewarding players through promotions , weapon upgrades and perks is a great idea . Also , there is such a variety of multiplayer modes to keep most people satisfied.I thought this was going to be a title that I play and sell after a few weeks . I 'm happy to say that I 'm still logging more hours on CoD4 multiplayer than any other game on Xbox 360 live .
 The attention to detail is unmatched in this game . Halo 3 has nothing on this game . The only problem with the multiplayer is lag online , but that will always be a part of online play . When you spawn in multiplayer , you spawn with the weapon you customized yourself .
 For those of you GRAW fans , this is the next level . While the online version is far from the structure in GRAW , it is LOADS of fun , with perks . You increase your profile as you gain experience , unlocking weapon systems , scopes , and other hardware -LRB- Claymores , C-4 , UAV Jammer , etc -RRB- . If you are thinking about it , stop . BUY IT . You wont be disappointed.Drawbacks - the game allows you to absorb damage , which for most GRAW fans , that is the beauty of a one-shot , one-kill unforgiving mistake game . There is a limit on maps when playing DEATHMATCH , but when you go to different game types , and there are SEVERAL -LRB- 12 I think -RRB- , you can play other maps .
 The game is great . Graphics are great . Missions are very engaging . As stated by other users however , overall mission is too short . Leaves you wanting more .
 I only play one game on xbox live and this is the game i prefer . There is a issue i dont care for and that is i seem to continually get dropped from the game as it ends and then have to rejoin another group instead of playing on and on with the same group.This is something that needs to be addressed . Gary
 Single player review only.Ahhh , COD . This one is a great game , but its a bit short and some of the missions fall flat . I 'll be brief since a lot has been said already.The game stands up to the original , and in my opinion best , game of the series . Were it not for the novelty of the original this game might surpass it.Its a lot shorter , and for that it gets 4 stars . Also as in the original , some of the missions , notably the marine missions , fall flat . They are good , but do n't stand up to the British missions.Where it excels is in the story , which is coherent and all the roles you play contribute , and makes some bold narrative choices that stand out . At least they are trying . It also features a superb , if slightly overblown , opening scene reminiscent of the original half life , which sets the tone . Its your typical run and gun COD experience , with a couple of jaw-dropping missions that are just terrific in execution . The ghillie suit mission stands out , as does a night raid featuring incredibly atmospheric lighting courtesy of grenade launched flares . Another plus is the lack of rails missions which I always thought was a weak point of the series.Otherwise all the elements are there
 This game is AWESOME ! The graphics are STELLAR!But ... come on ! We finished this game in 2 days . Kinda short .
 This is the best game I purchased this year . I played Halo 2 and Halo 3 a bunch , but this game has displaced both of those as the go-to game . The single player is one of the best I 've seen in years -LRB- reminds me of the old Goldeneye -RRB- , but the multiplayer is mind blowing . It uses an experience point system to unlock upgrades -LRB- like better camo , laser sight , better scope , etc. -RRB- ... so I find myself constantly looking for the next upgrade . Very addictive . This is a nearly flawless game.My only complaint is that it seems buggy . The game has locked up on me 10 or so times in the past week . I think the freezes are related to Xbox live being overwhelmed with traffic , because on other nights the game plays just fine .
 Call of Duty 4 is a flawless videogame that should be in everyone 's Xbox 360 collection . You will not be disapointed !
 This really is a great game . The graphics are unbelievable . But , the game is way too short , I finished it in one session . I enjoyed the gameplay and the storyline was good.More and more games are being made for the X Box Live online experience and I think because of that the single player campaigns suffer . I personally do n't play online , which is my preference . I enjoy watching a great story unfold and to be a part of the action as it happens .
 great game . short but well made laid out campaign , and great online play . probably not worth the money if you do n't have online play as single player mode can be finished in a few hours
 Great game , one of the best of 07 . Not going to compare to Halo 3 because the are totally different kinds of 1st person shooters . Safe buy , especially if you are on xbox live !
 OK , I liked the Call of Duty series ! But world war two was getting a little old . So I was glade to see COD 4 come in with a modern theme ! I run it on a Xbox 360 hooked to a CRT widescreen 1080i . Of course the game runs at 720p but talk about detail ! Plus , run it through a home theatre and your there in the action!I am not into the online playing . Too many teeny bopper 's killing everything in sight . Not much fun in my opinion . But this shooter game has plenty to offer without going online .
 I havent really play other call of duty 's . My cousin had Call of Duty 2 and 4 looks so much better . The fourth installment of the series is not set on World War II , it actually moves to the present day , which means new weapons . To me is the best call of Duty game compare to the second one . Call of Duty 4 is a great game , the graphics and visiual presentation are gorgeous , and the great sound adds to the intensity of the gameplay . The multiplayer is is fun to play.One thing i did n't like was the single player campaign is short . But if you like playing online you will have lots of fun with the game .
 I do n't normally review things on Amazon , but I could n't pass this one up.If you like military-style first-person shooters , you 'll LOVE this game . It is leagues ahead of all other games in this genre -LRB- think G.R.A.W. -RRB- . The graphics are stunning , the speed and movement of the game is stellar , and the gameplay itself is awesome.Singleplayer thoughts : The missions keep you interested and excited , redundancy is not an issue here . There 's one mission -LRB- Death from Above -RRB- where you man the guns of an AC-130 gunship . All I can say was that this was awesome , and VERY realistic . Then there 's the sniper mission where you have to hide and creep along before getting into position to assassinate a bad guy . Awesome . Of course , the run-and gun missions are there , and believe me when I say this
 Great game to play . I enjoy playiing on xbox live the most ... when xbox live works.Over the past week xbox live has had some serious business critical issues that are yet to be addressed , possibly due to Infiniti -LRB- the hosting service for xbox live -RRB- . Anyway enough about that , Call of Duty 4 is one of the best games i have played on any xbox console.Graphics are great , game engine is superb , game play is alot of fun , and sound is crisp and loud.There is no vehicle use at all by players , my only complaint.If you play Halo and love it , you will more than likely love Call of Duty 4 . I have been a Halo finatic since the first of the trilogy , and now barely ever play any of them -LRB- including Halo 3 , or Halo 2.5 as I like to call it , since nothing really changed in game play since Halo 2 -RRB- , as most of my game playing time is spent on Call of Duty 4 . This game kicks serious butt . I highly recomend it , but not for young children , as the killing is very realistic , and this is not a sci-fi style FPS .
 When I first purchased Call of Duty 2 it blew me away . 3 was fun to play but seemed to lack something . I was waiting enthusiastically for Call of Duty 4 and when it hit the shelves I was there to pick it up . Boy was I not disappointed . It is addictingly fun.The only draw back is that it is a bit on the short side . Not a big deal as the replay value is high .
 The CALL OF DUTY family scores again ! This is a great game , with realistic weapons , great graphics , and lots of excitement . FPS does n't get much better than this !
 It 's late in the afternoon and a clear twilight has descended upon the District . A fine mist of tension , excitement and anticipation hangs in the air . My M16 assault riffle with red tiger camouflage is unlocked and loaded , a desert eagle pistol hangs from my hip and three hand grenades are ready to unleash destruction . My palms are sweaty , my heart is pumping above its normal rate , there 's trash talk in the multiplayer lobby and we 're five seconds from starting the game . My hands hold the controller like a life raft on high sea and the sound system 's volume is up , waaaaay up according to my wife.This is Ground War , Team Deathmatch among eighteen people connected online and divided in two teams . There can only be one winner.My teammates are a curious bunch
 Call of Duty 4
 I have played every call of duty game and this is by far the best game . The fighting sequences are fun and interesting . The graphics and battle effects are very well done.I only have 2 complaints with this game . Like many people whos reviews I have read the friendly fire issue is an annoyance . I found myself shooting my own people far too often but at a distance they look just like the enemy . The other complaint are the attack dogs . I seemed to do ok if I shot them from a distance but if they closed the gap I was killed 9 out of 10 times . It got to be quite annoying getting killed by the same dog over and over again . The game is well worth playing and I still recommend it .
 I am a stealth Clancy gamer when I play shooting games , but I liked the change of pace that is Call of Duty 4 ! I like the fast pace , almost no time to think reaction of the story modes . Also the online gameplay is classic . However , online gameplay adds a bit more advantage and disadvantage from some ppl who do not equip themselves correctly.Online , some people may have more health than you , or stronger . Sometimes head shots do not work either . That may be due to them equipping themselves with more life or a glitch.All around great story mode and online gaming ... I only play this game and Burnout Paradise these days!@!!
 hands down the absolute best game ive ever played . and i dont even like 1st person shooters . . once i played this i played all the other COD 's and i cant wait for the new one . . COD is the best series for 1st person shooters and this game rocks .
 In Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare you get to try your hand at being a US Marine and British SAS in modern time battles . The game is fast , furious and a great challenge for your reflexes and talents.We have played through the game numerous times now , on various settings . They do a great job of offering a gentle introduction for those who need it , as well as a truly insane mode for those who want the ultimate challenge . I would n't say any of the levels are a walk in the park , though . The game is all about tense combat situations . You have bullets flying all around you , noise bombarding your head , people screaming out for help . You have to be able to juggle your priorities , have eyes in the back of your head , and have a good stereo system to help you figure out where to turn.The developers did an awesome job here . From the detail of the graphics , the depth of the audio experience , the checkpointing system , everything is pretty top notch.Single player is really a training ground for you . It just is n't that long - you could play through the entire game in a full day , even on the harder levels once you build up your skills . It is meant to teach you how to play , how to strategize and how to prepare for the actual challenge - live humans.Now that being said , it is a REAL shame that there is no co-op mode . Some of the best fun we have in our gaming household is playing games like this side by side . It is amazingly rewarding . Why ca n't they add that ability in here ? It would n't be that hard to integrate and it would make the game SO much more useful for us.They do have an XBox Live component , though . This is where things shine . You can now play literally for months and months without getting bored . However , I am aware that a contingent of people out there simply can not play on the Live network , for a variety of reasons . For those people I might suggest renting the game for a weekend and see how much it appeals to you . It might be you enjoy replaying the single player missions - but it might be that a few times through is enough for you.Finally , I have to recommend that hard core gamers consider getting high quality headphones if there are non-gamers in the household . The noise level of this game is HUGE and it is just constant - screaming , bombs , guns , more screaming . It is great for the player , but less great for other people who are trying to do their normal household activities : -RRB-
 Graphics are great . Sound and gameplay is great . AI is great . The missions in this game were very well done . The story adds a lot of weight to what you are doing . THE MISSIONS IN THIS GAME WERE INCREDIBLY INTENSE . In my opinion , Gears of War holds the best Co-op FPS experience but Call of Duty 4 takes the cake for Single Player FPS action .
 But I absolutely love this game . I have been a big time fan of the Call of Duty series since it 's first installment on PC . I loved the first two Call of Duty games but this one is by far the best one out of all of them . It takes the winning formula that makes Call of Duty so great and adds upon it even more depth and realism . The single player is pretty good but not the best , but it 's the multi-player that gets you hooked . It will give you something to do for months . I 've been playing this game over Xbox Live since it 's release in November of 2007 . They have a ranking system that once you go through the first 55 levels you have the option to enter `` Prestige Mode '' . It 's a cool feature and it will give those who achieve the highest prestige some bragging rights . There are so many different types of guns to use from assault rifles , light machine guns , to sniper rifles and you can unlock different attachments and skins or `` camouflage `` for your guns . All in all , it 's a highly addictive game and do n't feel too bad if you start playing and get kicked around because we all had our humble beginnings to say the least .
 The photo-realism of COD 4 is the best I have seen . Online play is fantastic . Get this game .
 After pondering the thought of buying an Xbox 360 just for CoD 4 , I went out and got one -LRB- with CoD 4 of course -RRB- and I must say it is amazing . I 'm normally not a graphics kinda guy but CoD 4 's graphics are astounding . Everything from the junk on a desk to the explosions from an RPG . The game controls with ease . The smooth movements makes scoring headshots a breeze . I am pretty much impressed with every single aspect of this game . I have yet to dive into multiplayer just yet but I can only imagine it being better . Infinity Ward did a great job of putting CoD back on top of the FPS list . Kudos .
 I played it and finished . It 's a great game . Great Graphics and great game play . Wish I had more friends playing the online instead of Halo 3 .
 I think this game is mostly about online play to be honest . I thought the game was fun on campaign mode it was a breeze to go by and you get to see alot of what real war is like ! The sound is comparable to a real battlefield . The gameplay will make you want to replay this game over and over again . And online play is very addictive , I think its compared to halo 3 on the level of fun . Great game if you have live or not ! Give it a shot
 Excellent game , The campaign mode is kind of short if you play it on normal mode . But in veteran it 's so difficult that you probably spend 3 times as much to finish the game.Online game ... . It 's just AWESOME !!! . You 'll have months of fun . !
 This was my first purchase ever , and it went as smooth as I could ever have imagined .
 The game play on this game meets all the media hype !! If you are into the first-person shooters , this is a must have .
 pro
 Playing Halo 3 for months got me sick and tired of it , so i was waiting for a good price on COD4 . Luckily amazon had it for ~ $ 40 shipped , so i saved $ 20 and bought it . Awesome game , love the graphics , plot , etc. . .
 This is one of the best single player games out right now and a must play for any FPS fan . However to me the multiplayer is weak . If you want online play just go buy Halo 3 as its far and beyond a better online game , but COD4 is a better single player game .
 I had bought this game for my Xbox 360 and was expecting it be like everyone else has said about it . The campaign mode may be short -LRB- roughly 5-8 hours -RRB- but the online play makes up for that -LRB- you may play 30 + hours of Online play -RRB- ! If you are thinking about getting this game for your 360 , i feel that you need to know what it will offer for you if you buy it.If you do n't have Xbox Live or are n't planning on ever getting it , you may not want to buy this game because after the campaign mode , theres not much to do than just restarting the campaign mode at a different difficulty.Now if you do have Xbox Live or are planning on Buying Xbox Live , this game is perfect because of all the gaming , modes , and weapons that you can create and use online .
 I bought the 360 , just for this game . WOW , it amazed me last night when I was playing it for 3 hours . I love it . It feels like I am part of a movie and the next second , I am getting shot at from all directions.Pros
 This is probably the best military based 1st person shooter I have ever played . I currently am serving in the U.S. Army and can testify that the amount of research that went into this game was extensive to say the least . The play control is fantastic and the story line is very strong . If you own an X-Box 360 , this game is a must !
 Excellent game from a veteran 's perspective . Storyline could be longer , but the online play is great ! In my opinion , better than any of the Halo trilogy . Extremely addictive !
 For all of you people who rated COD4 less than 5 out of 5 , your expectations are too high . The only problem you may have is the lack of cooperative campaign , which is REALLY bad if you 're a noob trying to beat the campaign on Veteran . The rest of the game is perfect!Gameplay : Smooth , smooth , smooth . And so realistic ! It is probably the most realistic game of all time -LRB- as well as how easy it is to get killed on multiplayer , which could be bad , depending on your skills -RRB- . Graphics : Better than Gears ! Give Infinity Ward the respect they deserve for putting so much effort into making some of the best graphics of all time!Live Multiplayer : No achievements are based for LIVE , so if you dont have live , you can still get the perfect 1000 gamerscore for the game . Leveling up helps you because you get better weapons and with custom set , you can customize your guns and perks to your unique playing style.If you just got a 360 , this is a great first game ! I also recommend Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon
 Great graphics , awesome single player mode , and insane Xbox Live gameplay . A must buy !
 Although I bought this game for my wife 's cousin , I have had a chance to play it both in MP and campaign and it 's very good . The graphics are wonderful and the environment is very rich and detailed . I only wish that there were bigger maps for multi player on one machine instead of just the inner city and missle base site maps . A large woodland/ravine/swamp map would be really nice to try out stealth movments with the ghillie suit and sniper rifle . Other than that , this is a great game ! It has definately helped us on our airsoft team tactics .
 CoD 4 went above and beyond my expectations . The graphics are simply amazing . The best aspect , however , is how the story manages to arouse strong emotions while playing the game . You create a connection between the characters and feel for them . The campaign , although short , has incredible twists that keep you interested the whole way through . The multiplayer component is the best contender to Halo 's and as of today is one of the few games to have topped Halo as the most played game on Xbox Live .
 I liked this game.My only problem is that the devs did n't pay very much attention to the water.When are we gon na get some GoW level water realism?That is all .
 I try to think about other shooters that are as good as COD4 , and by `` good '' I mean both impressive , fun to play , innovative , and have lasting replayability.I could only think of a few , like Gears and R6 Vegas.Sure , Halo 3 is epic , but going back to it now ? All of the hopping around ? The graphics ? And as much as I liked Bioshock and Mass Effect -- I 'm probably done with them now , since they have no muliplayer.But COD4 keep me coming back to the multiplayer . It takes a while to not get your clock cleaned online , so from that standpoint it can be very daunting . But given time , as you learn the maps , you get a little better and start giving as good as you get . It becomes of game of outwitting your opponent , because usually if the other guy sees you first , you 're dead . The muliplayer is THE reason to own this game . The perks and prestige ranks keep it addictive.Yes , I have the same beefs with the single player -- no coop , really short , etc. . But to be fair it had some really cool , impressive , and memorable moments . But let 's be real
 The next generation first person shooter `` Call of Duty 4 '' is worth the price.CoD4 's Multiplayer has everything Halo3 was missing . As you gain experience from completing objectives or just stomping enemy players a large variety of customizations open for you to grab new gear and cater to your play style
 Call of Duty 4
 While the new Call of Duty 4 is definitely an improvement over the Call of Duty 3 debacle , it 's still not Call of Duty 2 . Call of Duty 4 welcomes the player into the world of modern warfare with intense graphics and real life situations . You can also pick up enemy intel during the game and get `` props . '' Apparently jumping off a tall building during Xbox Live play will win props as well . Beware , though , the single player game is so difficult on the Veteran setting that only the bravest , and most persistent , players should even give it a try . In the end , you may need to watch a few YouTube videos in order to finally survive . Over all , the Call of Duty 4 is a great play , but I miss the look and feel of Call of Duty 2 .
 I wo n't ruin the plotline for you , but it 's by far the best I 've ever seen . All I 'll tell you is that each character impacts the other 's story , and they all get together at some point ;-RRB- . The graphics are top-notch too . There are also some innovative gameplay aspects that I have never seen in another , like the ability to shoot through thin materials , so no cowering behind sheet metal ! No other game has impressed me this much !
 this is one of the better games i have played my whole life.the single player is great a little short but fun while it lasted.the multiplayer isnt as good as halo 3s but still worth another 30-50 hours easy.the achievements are easy which i like.overall 95/100
 man i cant stop playing , i did the single player and it was fast but in veteran mode it can be very entertaining to try over . the multiplayer is the best MP ever . Halo does n't even come close ... this thing is realistic , grenades bounce , stun gr . take you out badly , rpg 's ... etc. the arsenal is so vast that everyone can get the gun of their choice and mod it !!! The Mp gameplay can get so frantic sometimes you 'll even wonder if that 's what the real stuff feels like -LRB- without dying litteraly -RRB- . prestige mode is anther nice bonus ... you can keep your stuff or give it all up for a neat medal and the bragging rights.golden guns ... tight dark maps , .50 cal snipers ... all the good stuff and more !! ... the maps are so complete with multilevels -LRB- from deep underground to walking on the rooftops -RRB- . bottom line , it 's the best First person Shooter out there , that is if your thing is realistic -LRB- no lasers -RRB- combat.ONE CON
 The title stands for itself . Call of Duty 4 is one of the best games ever . People think this game is horrible . Just ignore them , their idiots . the graphics are amazing , and the game took me 11/2 weeks to beat . The levels are still fun to play after you have finished . The Xbox live play is great . There are well-planned levels , and no walking in circles . They are strait forward f-p-s . This game is like modern warfare , exept you never encounter civillians . The sound quality is exeptional.On the cons , there is alot of time-wasting . They have 2 whole levels , that are just videos . There is a very small weapon selection . All Ultranationalists look the same , as do the middle-eastern soldiers , as do the U.S Marines . I know I should n't be , but some of the Marines die when you shoot them , some do n't . Weapon barrles stick through walls , but can easily be ignored.If you have a choice between 360 and PC , choose the 360 , unless you have a horrid T.V and 5 star computer because the 360 really underlines how enjoyable this game is . My rating ? CoD4 = One of the best first person shooters ever , up there with the Halo trilogy .
 Best Multiplayer ever . Innovative and different from the same FPS 's with different skins . Halo 3 has nothing on this game . Leveling up actually means something , like more weapons , upgrades , and perks . While this may be intimidating for first time players , the advantages are only slight to leveled up veterans , and you can take them out just as quickly as they could take out you . There are so many different modes of play , even a version of classic team deathmatch you can find on any FPS . When you level up all the way you can do it all over again in prestige mode .
 This was the best FPS I have played all year , unfortunately the single player was way too short . However , I definitely recommend the online game . The most fun I had since playing Halo 3 !
 This game is amazing.The graphics will blow you away and the game play is very fun . The sound and controls are very good.The campaign was amazing and i wish it never ended but it was definitely long and well developed.Online game play is fun ! Many different game modes.Since i bought this game halo 3 has been sitting on the shelf.You MUST rent or buy this game if you are a xbox 360 owner because you wo n't be disappointed.Only negative thing is i wish it was a little more realistic and bigger online levels like ghost recon but then it would take away from the fun factor i 'm sure . There is a hardcore mode online as well that does make it more realistic .
 Its a good game , Great graphics , Ease of movement of characterI got tired of people ending the game if you were rated to High -LRB- Good -RRB- It was a lets see who can rank up the highest the fastest , not a work with team members to have fun and play a great game . . Way to much testosterone , To Bad . . This and halo3 killed Rainbow6 I think every server xbox had was running rainbow6 now ... One running everything ? People seemed to have lost interest , I went out and bought a PS3 to see if theres was any better , But thats a differnt review . Peace
 Ok , so Halo 3 was incredible -LRB- so exclude that from my review -RRB- ... That aside , Call of Duty 4 has without a doubt the best graphics , gameplay , sound , voice acting and emotional storytelling I 've ever seen in an FPS . Much of the action will have you completely glued to your seat , -LRB- especially the stealth levels in the nuked city . -RRB- This game has incredible controls as well , making the experience feel completely natural.If you love a good FPS or action game , buy COD4 and be blown completely away .
 Ah , Call of Duty 4 . The game almost ALL of my friends on XBox Live recommended as their game of the year . Seriously , I 'm talking like 90/96 . I was of the opinion that Orange Box deserved to win , more so than many other phenomenal games we 've seen this year , such as Bioshock , Super Mario Galaxy and others that some will agree and disagree with.Anyway , Call of Duty ! I loved CoD2 , it was the first game I got for my 360 , and the first game I played online . It was awesome . I really mean that , and I 've played the majority of FPS games on consoles especially , since around Wolfenstein 3d . CoD3 was a bit of a disappointment and was just lacking in areas , Trearch tried to make the Multiplayer experience a huge deal , but it lacked structure , and Ranked games were a bitch to get into . CoD2 thrived in more close range environments in my opinion.Call of Duty lets you lose in Modern Warfare if you could never have guessed , playing as both sides of `` Good-guys '' in the game ; the US and the British . The new guns are great for a nice change , but I 've got a few key problems to get out of the way nice and early : - The game is ridiculously linear , and shows it alot more than Call of Duty 2 and even 3 in some cases . - I have also noticed quite a few bugs without searching for them , such as enemies and allies getting stuck on scenery , and the Invincible members of allies getting dragged and sliding along after a tank crashes into them . It 's quite funny to be honest , but it breaks the whole `` realistic '' feel the game is heading for.The game 's also VERY short . I beat it on Normal -LRB- And yes , I will soon aim to complete it on Veteran -RRB- and it took me under five hours . I know that some people will argue that the game focus is on multiplayer , but a -RRB- This is a single player campaign review , and b -RRB- Look at the Orange Box and all that fits in . A Half Life `` Episode '' took me the same time to complete as Call of Duty 4 , which is quite disappointing.Some of the levels are great . Because the level design is so linear , this makes the game have a far more cinematic effect , but you always feel that you are trying to get to that `` I win '' moment , to quote Garnett Lee on the 1UP Show . Grapics are also very good . It 's got a very `` Triple-A '' game feel to it right from the outset.Overall , I 'd give it a 7/10 in Single Player . I should be reviewing Multiplayer Online play soon , but since I got my 360 back from repair , I have n't been able to get online .
 Great game . Reccommended to anyone who likes to play these kind of games . alot harder then the 1st 3 . mush nicer graphics . just great all around .
 One word ; AWESOMEOnline has many glitches though . I hope they get this fixed or they will tarnish the reputation of a terrific game .
 Bottom line
 This game is insanely intense , with graphics and interactions with the environment . I felt like I had PTSD after playing it . It 's everything a video game should be.If you like shooters , get it .
 It may be that I just upgraded to a 360 from my Gen 1 XBox , but this seems to me to be one of the best FPS games ever . The actual game is great . The online play is AWESOME . If you 've enjoyed the CoD series so far , this is very different , but still phenomenal in similar style . If you only play online , prepare for an experience that exceeds Halo , IMO .
 I got this game for $ 39 on Amazon , but I would have paid $ 59 since it is that good . Great gameplay , graphics , and enemy AI . This game is a blast to play either on-line or single player . I have been getting waxed on Xbox Live , but I am learning and getting better . This is a great game that I highly recommend to anyone who enjoy this genre .
 Loved the game to death , i am out here in iraq so if felt like i was outside the wire . But i dont know if im just good at them or what but did seem like the game was not long enough because i beat it in 4 days . But cant wait to get home and play it on the big screen .
 Since there 's already 456 reviews ahead of mine this review will be short . This is a great game . The graphics are incredible . But I am glad I bought this game used because the single player campaign is kind of short and I do n't have Xbox Live .
 I bought this game for my son and all he says is `` it 's an Awesome game '' . I guess that says it all .
 TO EVERYONE WHO LOVE SHOOTER GAMES THIS IS A MUST HAVE . I REALLY HAD ALOT OF FUN PLAYING THIS GAME . NOT TO LONG & NOT 2 SHORT JUST RIGHT . I CANT WAIT FOR COD5 TO COME OUT .
 This game is the true . The graphics is amazing , and it was very realistic . The ONLY downfall is that the game is short .
 that is what CO # 3 should it be done , by infinite ward . they know what a call of duty is about , call of duty 4 is the game to play . well done exellente controls as the original . the only bit of backward is the new way of the objective location poin , kind of confused . but the game is the real deal I recomended this game to all call of duty fans . look to me that halo 3 is past now . since is been the same game . call of duty 4 is the game of play .
 These are my viewsPROS : - One word `` AWESOME `` CONS : - Some say its a very short game ... well that is not true ... it all depend what kind of gamer you are . I have friends who just like to run through the stage and end the game ... on the other hand I also have friends like me who spend time in exploring every detail of that stage . If the story line is boring and game play is just run of the mill ... I am talking about games like HALO3 and Timeshift ... then of course you would just like to run through the stages.I have n't ended it yet but once I do I will play again and again unless there is Call of Duty 5 by that time .
 one of the best fps games i 've played in a while . i mean , this is no halo3 but this is a whole different type from the halo series . i thought this game was going to be ok -LRB- because i 've played the other cod and all the moh series -RRB- and thought that it would have a decent storyline , almost no cut scenes , etc. but i was way wrong . awesome story , i even watch all the scenes and the graphics , ai , missions are amazing . i just beat the entire game + extra level on veteran and it was pretty damn hard , but it was really really fun . got really into the action and such . this has not been like the other cod games i 've played . hope they come out with a new one next yr . 5 stars .
 This game is soo good , i 've never played anything even close to it . There is always action going on the screen , and the graphics are awesome.Multiplayer is even better.Anyone who gives this under 5 stars does n't know what they are talking about .
 My 22 year old son asked for Call of Duty 4 for Christmas . When it arrived I gave it to him early . He says it 's the closest feeling to fighting in a real war -LRB- only not -RRB- when playing this game . He loves it !
 No wonder COD has been winning Game of the Year over and over again . Amazing gameplay and the interludes are mind blowing . BUY THIS GAME and forget about any others in your collection .
 This game in my opinion is one of the best games of the year . The single player is short however , it really picks up in the multiplayer aspect of the game . With matches like dethmatch , team deathmatch , and domination it really ranks high . I would rate this game over Halo 3 for its look and feel . This in my opinion is a must have for any 360 , PS3 , or pc owner .
 just bought the game ... having tons of fun from awesome graphics and gameplay . should 've been VGA 's GAME OF THE YEAR !
 I 'm only 5 missions into the campaign and it 's been pretty fun and enjoyable so far . I have n't played online but the reviews from other forums are that it 's 10 times better in online play . I 'd buy it again .
 One of the best games ive played yet . You truly feel like your there , great graphics . It was to short though
 OK do n't let me fool you it was short . It was damn short . But I have not been glued to the screen like that for a while . I got the game at 6pm and was finished that night at 2am . The multyplayer is fun . The singleplayer rules . You need to own this game . ~ z
 It is scary how realistic it appears , Fun !! I think Humanity is in big trouble.the only let down is that the game is WAY to short , feels like I am ripped off .
 While the single player game starts off a little slow , it does pick up for a good story/game that is worth playing.Now the online content is what puts this game at the top of the titles you must have for your XBOX.From individual and team death match to hardcore -LRB- No HUD , no radar ... most of the time . . -RRB- along with team games , such as search and destroy , headquarters ... . this is where it 's at !!! Online play is fast and furious . It does take some time to adjust to , so if at first you are not doing well ... it happened to all of us.Once you get the hang of the game play and ability to change your weapons and change your perks -LRB- abilities that affect your damage , health & additional weapons -RRB- you will keep on playing to either max out all your weapons or max out your prestige . Even when that 's completed the game play will have you coming back for more!I was a Halo 3 online player , but rarely have I played Halo anymore because it 's just too slow and not as satisfying as COD4 .
 If your a fan of any kind of shooter game , you will love this game . This game is great for anyone that loves picking up and controller and killing the bad guy . And the graphics make it an even more great experience . And the most admirable thing about it is the Online play . There is a innovative leveling up system where the more you play/kill the enemies online , the more experience points you get . And the more XP you get the closer you get to being `` promoted '' . And the higher your promoted the more guns you unlock and attachments for the guns . And little abilities or , `` Perks '' . Awesome awesome awesome
 Call of Duty 4 is a game that has incredible scope when it comes to its thematic and cinematic qualities . The first time you play the game , regardless of whether or not you 've played previous COD games , is a thrilling experience that makes you feel as if you 're actually in the battle . Even though the single player campaign is fairly short , about 12 hours or so , there 's a lot of content and fun that is packed into that amount of time ; filled with memerable moments that make you wish it had the ability to record `` that one time when I blew up 15 guys with the ac130 . '' COD4 is a great game , however , it does have its drawbacks . The story , while interesting while it happens , is fairly cliche in a world where every game and its mother is set in some , unknown , Middle-Eastern country where there 's a `` regime change . '' But there are moments in the story that make you feel really immersed . The stereotypical actions of the American forces and the British SAS do take away from the experience , but by the time you think of that , Capt. Price is `` interrogating '' a main terrorist . The real drawback to the game however , is the multiplayer . Do n't get me wrong , I loved playing the multiplayer for the first 5 hours , but then when I kept unlocking guns and abilities that I did n't care about , I asked my self why I 'm even playing it and went to beat the single player campaign on Veteran difficulty to get the rest of the achievements . The multiplayer is fun if you can get a bunch of your friends to play with you and you 're all at a fairly similar skill level.Overall , it 's a great buy for anyone of mature age . I would n't let my 7 year old niece and nephew play it because of the whole killing-lots-of-people-with-guns thing , but it 's great for anyone over the age of 16 .
 Unfortunately this is the BEST and WORST game to date on the 360 Console . BY FAR the best game to date to reach the 360 and PS3 market , with the best online gameplay since Halo 2 . I make the comment that it is also the worst because it has now set our standard SO HIGH that every game I put in to compare it to falls WAY short due to our new raised expectations which since the release of this game have been set to heights not yet seen in the gaming industry , with online gaming in my opinion surpassing those even of Halo 2 . Parents , this is a war game with killing , not real graphic however the online gaming should not really be for children as most of us play and sound rough as per the `` M '' rating . Anyway , in my opinion , this is a great game and is causing problems for video game manufacturers to reach this level and no one is coming close . The online part of this game which makes it so interested for all of us keeps things interested with a great ranking system , challenges , etc and keeps us playing . Way to go Activision ; you hit a home run !
 First game received was scratched and I was unable to even play it . Very disappointing . The return policy was great and I received the replacement quickly.The new game was terrific ! Lots of action and it 's even better when played LIVE .
 What can I say . . The single play campaign is short but amazing ... This is how you tell a story . Could have been twice as long but WOW.The Multi-player xbox live is so much fun -LRB- if you like FPS 's -RRB- , great maps , smooth as all get out , just wonderful ... It 's all about Call of Duty 4 , Gears of War and Halo 3 ... These are the 3 kings of multi-player games out there and you should have them in your collection . Takes time to get good at it and you have to put up with a lot of jerks on like but so worth the investment .
 This is by far the best CALL OF DUTY yet.Better graphics , better missions , better weapons , if you are having any doubts because of the previous CODs it 's time to realize this is not 1,2 , or 3 . This is a whole new animal ... and it is awesome . If you 've played any of the older versions , you 'll see a huge difference with this game . Could possibly be the best game of ' 07 , with only MADDEN 08 standing in it 's way.Go out and get it ... this is what a real shooter is all about .
 This game is a must buy for any 360 console owner . The graphics , story , and online play are second to none !
 This game is fun no matter how you play it . The single player game will not take long to finish because ou get so hooked you stay up all night , but the multiplayer , Live version is awesome . Not only are there several different options , but you actually have all kinds of goals to achieve online to continually improve your character and eventually get to the point where can compete with the better players . It is very addicting and fun to listen to all the trash talk online if you have a headset .
 Going through the single player and its great . Graphics and AI have come far . Top 3 game if you own a 360 . Ca n't wait to finish single player and get on multiplayer.Bar none !
 This game is da bomb and everyone should buy it . if your kind of iffy then rent it or borrow it from someone and tell them they will get it back in about a year . Thats how much fun this is .
 People who gave this game a 1 star need to get rid of their Xbox 360 and buy a Wii or PS3 . They do n't appreciate a good quality first person shooter.I work for the US Military and this game comes pretty close to some of the weapons used . Graphics are about real as school shootings . Realisim is an A + . Buy the Damn game , what are you waiting for already ??
 This game is a very fun game to play online period . and the single player mode is a tough challenge if you like it on Veteran .
 Pros
 A highly rated game in almost all aspects , this game is for any peopleout there with a love for first person shooters . Fast-paced and will keep you on the edge of your seat through the whole ride . The problem is , the ride is short . I would recommend it to people with x-box live/PSN because the multiplayer is almost perfect and will keep you happy.Single Player
 This is a great game , Better than cod3 , there have been many improvements in graphics since cod3 , I wish there where vehicles for the online play but I can live without hopefully we will see that in cod5 , but we are now starting to see what the 360 can do when talking about graphics , True multilayer is a little complicated at first but you will get the hang of it eventually , sort of similar to halo , I personally will take halo 3 over cod3 any day but that is just my opinion , I recommend this title if you are a fan of fps games , and if you liked cod3 , or halo 3 you will love this title . Please go out and buy it , and I recommend getting it from amazon , but if you choose not to get it from them , I would highly recommend target as they offer a year warranty in case something happens to it , I purchased it from gamestop , but I bought halo 3 and my 360 from target about a month ago . JUST GO OUT AND BUY IT !!!
 If you enjoy first person shooters then you 'll find that Call of Duty 4 is the perfect game . I truly ca n't find a flaw with it . The control scheme is great , the action is varied , the graphics are amazing and the storyline is exciting . I got through it on the easiest setting fairly quickly and now I 'm ready to try it again on a harder level .
 I was a huge fan of GRAW , and now I never play it . The online features of the game address all the complaints I had with GRAW , and then some . The combat system is easy to learn , yet challenging to master . The ranking system keeps everything interesting and motivates you to keep going to get more perks and different weapons .
 Call of duty has been known to deliver jaw dropping action in the past few years , but nothing like this.They have switched from a WW2 setting to a modern setting which has it 's ups and downs , but still yet an awesome game . The single player campain is like nothing you have ever experienced before , and is sure to keep you satisfied with hours of entertaining game play . And the multiplayer is AMAZING adding several new features like create a class and UAV recon , air stikes , and attack choppers . Overall , a wonderful game . I reccomend it to any fps fan out there .
 great product in awesome condition . My boyfriend loved it and said it was in great condition !!
 I had never really gotten into the CoD series before but a friend of mine recommended it to me and told me I should start with this game . As soon as I started playing it I knew he had recommended correctly . This game , along with its sequel , are two of the most fun FPS games I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing . It 's a little short but the campaign is fun and unique , definitely worth checking out . I hear most people play it for the multiplayer but I 've never had an interest in that so I ca n't comment . Anyway , amazing game , worth the money !
 It 's a great game that brings you into modern warfare which I like better than those WWII games . I got a great deal with fast shipping from the seller .
 Like the original Modern Warfare , the is a tremendous game . Great graphics and playability . my highest recommendation .
 Opening Statement ... It has been a long time since I have written a review . So I thought I would come back strong . So before I review one of the most anticipated games of the year , I thought I would review the two that we released before the newest one . This is a game that I picked up because it got a lot of hype . So I thought I would give it a shot . I was n't sure what I was getting because I was always a fan of the Ghost Recon series . But this game proved to me that I could like first person shooters again ... Graphics ... Well this game does the graphic part pretty well . I really ca n't find a lot of flaws . I think a little more blood would be nice considering this is a war based game so you ca n't have a war game without blood kind of weird . I think the looks of the guns and other players and the towns and such look pretty good . This does a good job with graphics ... I give this category a 4.9 / 5Audio ... The games audio is very good in my opinion . I think the sounds of the guns firing , the background music is epic and the sounds of people getting shot and dying are also very good . Some of the music that gets played while doing missions is just awesome gives you the hero feeling really . Everything in this department is fantastic . I rate this category a 5/5Game play ... The game play is good very easy to pick up if you are new to the Call of Duty franchise like I was when I picked up this game . Not too many combinations of buttons do you have to push . Everything is pretty much self explanatory press a button and it does what you want . Farley easy to pick up and play . Good part of this is that everything is well explained if you need it to be . I rate this category a 5/5Story ... The story itself is pretty good but I have a hard time following it because you move around to different characters way to much in the game , that is a huge thing to me because I like to have a storyline to follow and know why I 'm killing the people I am . So this is a huge downfall of the game they really do n't tell you whets going on they just throw you in there to fight . This is a huge setback to me but others might enjoy it more than I do . I rate this category a 3/5Presentation ... The overall look of the game is good , you can navigate around the menus pretty easily which is a good thing , even the multiplayer menus are self explanatory . Therefore I think the whole look of the game is well set up . I rate this category a 5/5Final Thought ... This game was the start of something huge for me , I never thought I could get into a first person shooter after I started playing the ghost Recon series but this game kicks some major butt in that department . This is also a game that has a multiplayer so addicting you can find yourself playing it for hours on end . I love the multiplayer . The overall campaign is n't that great I ca n't see myself ever playing the campaign again so I do n't like that part . Over all not a bad game . My final rating on this one would be a 4.5 / 5 ...
 I loved this game alot , though never played much online and completed the short single player story in 4 days !! but the level of immersion and gameplay is awesome , I started playing this game for the second time after a gap of 6 months and still feels pretty refreshing and playable !! worth the money I spent on it in Mar '08 and Modern Warfare 2 coming to me in next 4-5 days is a testament of how much I liked this game !! Hope your experience would too be positive with this one .
 It 's a good game overall . If you like the kind of run-around and shoot-em-up games , this is good for you .
 -LRB- IMHO -RRB- I think this has to be the best FPS out there . This is just a game that you keep coming back to . The single player mode is a little repetitive , but none the less very enjoyable . The further you get the harder it gets to stop playing . The online mode , well what can i say but WOW !!!!! The maps are great , the match-ups are even better . I have been known to sit for 4 to5 hours playing and not even realize that i had been playing that long . This is a must have game for any fan of FPS !!!!!!
 got it when it first came out , still playing it and still fun . just need this fps and nothing else
 The single player is short with cool graphics . This is where you get acheivement points for xbox live it sort of says `` I am a skilled gamer `` Multiplayer is awesome if your new I want to play with you . Your easy prey . It is fast paced at time it depends what time of day-I have played during the day and more kids are on live `` more campers '' -LRB- people who sit in corners waiting for people to come by . Look up Call of duty 4 on youtube and look at the video 's . Then browse presitige medals for call of duty 4 . Which alot of people want a emblem on the side of your gamertag - you lose all your weapons and perks -LRB- look up call of duty 4 perks also if you want . When I first got the game it was short and the multiplayer server stopped alot so I stopped playing -LRB- went back to halo3 but = a friend said `` play online again '' and now halo3 is collecting dust with all my other new games like asassians creed-guitar hero3-devil may cry 4 and a list of others . I play then to just to give my veriety then-Im back to cod4 . I love first person shooters tis why.I can play with just about everyone now since I have been playing for a while Im usually around 3rd or 4th place everymatch . I use to believe kill to death ratio 's meant something but I dont anymore there is so many good players on live for cod4 . So in the end I just play to have fun-If I want to play with the noob tube -LRB- grenade launcher -RRB- people hate them I willm use it . It is a complex game meaning which weapons to use to each map or the skills of the people your playing i.e.-prestige metal ranks - but your opponents could have gained their rank by playing another mode of play like headquarters or search and destroy which give out more xp than say free for all which I mostly play.xp is how you gain your rank . So they have less play time as me and in the end the end it doesnt mean they are awesome . Wearing the headset when you are mad killin or using the noob tube is awesome the comments are funny like `` why are you using the tube -LRB- they see my rank and they know I could use something else -RRB- . I might go 2nd prestige if I man up and lose all the awesome weapons . If you see to crosses in a room run away . I have been in a high prestige game like day b4 and had low kills just because they are hard to kill . Some people dont like noobtubes or a perk called jugernaunt -LRB- xtra health = more bullets to kill u -RRB- and if he is running and gunning he has to point his weapon back to you but then he is dead because he is not using it and you needed less to kill him . HE DEAD DUCK-he might mic some words to you but have fun tis only a game .
 This game is oodles of fun . I 've spent countless hours on xbox live and many more playing the campaign . If you really want a challenge , play veteran mode , if you are a standard gamer you will be screaming and trying to throw your controller through the TV pretty quickly in veteran .
 No doubt about it , this is the one for you.This game is one of the best fps game that is for the present time and who does n't want to finally play a game in modern time that plays like dream . About time that call of duty left the WWII mundane boring time line that we are all sick of . Thanks CoD4.This is top notch no cutting corners fps out there . This game has great graphics , game play , levels/missions , story line . What are you waiting for , buy it!I would say if you like fps then you must buy this game as simple as that !! ** The single player is worth playing just to see the ending .
 This IS THE BEST CALL OF DUTY GAME HANDS DOWN , I HAVED PLAYED ALL THEIR PREVIOUS WORLD WAR GAMES AND BY FAR THIS GAME HAS THE BEST STORY YET -LRB- MODER WARFARE -RRB- . The GAMEPLAY IS GREAT AND YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE IN ACTUAL WAR . . THE ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THE GAME IS TOO SHORT ... BUT IS A GREAT GAME ANYWAY
 Definately a title worth investing the money into . The single player campaign is exactly what everyone 's been saying all along , a bit short , but very well written . Though the levels themselves do n't last long , it still tells a great story . And what an incredibley gratifying ending ! An evolving and well thought out storyline that really makes you interested in completing the task . I was so focused on getting through everything when the end snuck up on me I had a little party in my head . This is it ! This is the last horaahhh!Graphics are just incredible and real . Nothing cartoony and orange like some other popular shooters availible for the 360 . Lighting is spot on , sound is enveloping and accurate . It really sounds like you 're there . And even a low graphics level that involves an AC-130 Gunship from several thousand feet up . Some developers would look at that level and think , that looks dumb , who would want to play that ? EVERYONE ! That level really demonstrates our armed forces abilities to assist ground troops with great accuracy . Kudos to Infinty Ward for putting an all black and white level into a FPS.To conclude , hands down , the funnest , best looking , best sounding , best written FPS I have ever played . The bar has been re-set . I wish the rest of the world 's developers good luck raising the bar again .
 This game is the best online game I have found yet . Fast paced and the guns are really accurate . The learning curve is really steep and you will get sniped , stabbed and shot in the face a lot at first . Do n't despair the more you play the better you will get and soon you will be owning people ! When I say people , I mean everyone other than me of course ...
 This game is awesome . The graphics are great and it is a really fun to play single player , xbox LIVE , and playing multi-player . This is the best Call of Duty so yet and I love playing it for hours and hours of nonstop fun .
 I just play it on single player so that says a lot that I think it 's the best game on the 360 . First time through the campaign will have many moments that will just blow you away . Too many games these days are just sort of ho-hum as you play through it . This one does n't dissapoint . The graphics are some of the best I 've seen in terms of photo-realism . I just like replaying the campaign every so often and I never get bored . It 's the only 5 star game I 've reviewed and the only buy I 'm recommending -- even more so , if you play multiplayer .
 How in the world did the makers of this game do it ? Call of Duty 3 was n't very good , Call of Duty 2 was pretty good , and Call of Duty was awful . When this game came out , I did not yet have my Xbox 360 , but I still did not buy into all the hype that surrounded this game . I thought , `` oh , another Call of Duty game , big deal '' . Then the reviews rolled in . I started to beleive them . I got excited over the game.Then , my brother and I got our 360 . We bought the game , and both of us were blown away . The graphics , the storyline , the new weapons . Everything was good . We thought it was better than Gears of War ! We could not beleive the Xbox Live multiplayer either . It beats Halo 's by a longshot . This is as close as you can get to a perfect game . The only game that is at it 's level is Super Smash Bros Brawl.The single-player campaign has two flaws . Number One ; Death From Above -LRB- I have never been so bored in my life -RRB- , Number Two , it ends . It is very short , but so much action and depth is packed into it that I do n't really care at all ! The level designs are fantastic -LRB- see `` All Ghillied Up '' if you do n't beleive me -RRB- and the characters seem real . Not to mention the story is one of the best in any game I have played . Levels like `` Blackout '' , `` Safehouse '' , `` One Shot One Kill '' , `` No Fighting in the War Room '' and `` All Ghillied Up '' are just some of the best levels I have ever played . In a few worlds , it 's amazing.The Multiplayer is also amazing . The different types of play are great -LRB- I favor Team Deathmatch , Headquarters and Search and Destroy -RRB- . I feel that everyone who owns an Xbox need Xbox Live , and since most Xbox 360 owners do , I highly reccomend getting this game for the multiplayer experience alone . If you like Halo 's multiplayer , play COD4 's and be prepared to be blown away.All in all , I love this game . Xbox 360 owners need it , and anyone else who can get it on any other system , I highly reccomend you do so . Everything about this game is better than most other games . I garauntee that you will love this game . Happy playing !
 Infinity Ward has truly redefined the FPS Genre with Call of Duty 4
 Best FPS for XBOX 360 so far . I 've recommended this game to all my friends . More fun than Halo 3 !
 for the people thet gave it 1 star you are retarded . this game is the best you can shoot through walls.on xbox live you can customize your guns and make your own classes.there are alot of xbox live gametypes like team death match , sabatoge , hardcore team , and freefor all . that is only a few there are like 7 more game types.so buy this f * kin game it is worth the $ 60.00 even if you dont have xbox live .
 never played any C.O.D but i bought C.O.D. 4 and loved it fast paste and i think i like the online gaming better than GRAW 2 . I found it hard to go back to GRAW 2 because its more slow paste . GREAT enjoyment.get it .
 I 've beaten the game except for the last lvl . -LRB- disk scratched when xbox fell over -RRB- BUt i dont need to play the last one to tell YOU JUST GET IT !!! AWSOME MULTIPLAYER ! OMG IT OWNS GET IT GET IT GET IT !
 Absolutely without a doubt the best game of 2007 . I 'm currently on military deployment overseas , and after I bought this game a couple of months ago , it has been running non-stop in the break room , and Halo2 2 / 3 no longer gets any playtime . In fact , after playing thru CoD4 and then taking a shot at Halo 3 , could n't believe how poor the graphics were on Halo 3 comparatively . The troops ca n't get enough of CoD4 now , both single player and multi-player . The one gripe about single player mode is it 's kind of short , but replaying levels do n't get old.On the multi-player side , since we do n't get Xbox Live out there , we use the split screen . System Link would have been great , since there are 2 360 's in the unit -LRB- & someone else got an xtra copy of the game of being wowed by the one I bought -RRB- , but when using System Link , ca n't use the Split Screen function for either 360s , so it can only be 1 on 1 . Kinda of ridiculous , who would use 2 different TVs and 2 different Xboxes just to play 1 on 1 ? That 's why I give it overall 3 out of 4 . If I was home and had Xbox Live , then it would be a different story -LRB- perfect 4 out of 4 -RRB- . Hopefully , the sequel will fix that .
 Right off the bat
 CoD 4 Modern Warfare single player storyline is incredibly short in overall length . I beat the main story line in under 8 hours . Play through the single player storyline to learn the game , then go kill it online.The is a huge amount of depth in everything in the game world . You can shoot through fences to get the enemy behind , hold your breath for better accuracy when sniping , and the marine 's ` hoorah ' is there in full effect.The multiplayer is great . Create a Class brings a new level to customizing characters on FPS . I constantly have to remind myself that I am not playing Counter Strike while playing CoD4 just because of the customization avalible to your character . More kills add up to higher rank , which then unlocks more weapons , accessories , and challenges and other things like clan tags.Team work is a must online . Telling your team where a sniper is hiding , or covering your buddy from being taken out by enemy assault rifles while he targets the enemy helicopter with a rocket launcher is a definite must.There are also in-game unlockables that you get when you go on a kill-streak . So many kills in a row and you can view where your enemies are located for a short amount of time . You can call in a friendly helicopter to fly around and take out the enemy , or even devestate them with an airstrike.I reccomend this game purely for its in-depth , spectacular multiplayer action . The main story on single player is great , and is accurate to what is really going on ` over there ' , but like I said , is so short you never get to feel like your character is really you being shot at.Buy the game , beat it , go online , have fun . CoD4 is great .
 GraphicsPros : Absolutely top notch ; while not quite photo realistic , the graphics are definitely in the top 5 best looking games of 2007 . Everything , EVERYTHING is detailed down to the trivial.Cons : The only `` bad '' looking things would be the characters faces , some environments have messy details.Sound : Pros : The sound of bullets whizzing by , team mates screaming , explosions and blood curdling death screams never get old ; especially if you have surround sound ! No complaints with the sound at all - though its hard to screw up this aspect of a video game.Cons
 I am a novice on the 360 , but I have to say this is one of the best games I have ever played . I am not finished with it yet , but I am amazed at not only the graphics but the realistic way the missions are completed . The Online mode is almost as fun as Halo . Anyway I hope this review helps somewhat .
 This game is just awesome . Its got so many choices and features . The best part is most of the game has to be unlocked in the multiplayer part.The challenges , weapons and multiplayer modes all get unlocked as you go on in the game . Your rank also increases the better you do and it takes longer to get each rank as you get higher . The highest rank is 55 and even when you achieve that there is an option to start over and over , so the game and the challenges never end . The unlocking part of the game really keeps you hooked and makes you wan na keep playing and playing . I really like the modern aspect of the game since I have played call of duty 2 . My only problem with the game is that your not able to split screen on xbox live , you can only split screen when your offline .
 This game rocks . Terrific graphics , engaging challenges , incredible online play . I 'm hooked.The challenges are just achievable enough that you want to keep playing just one . . more . . game .
 This game is amazing , and this is coming from a guy who really does n't like to play video games all that much . I ca n't vouch for single player -LRB- only played the first few levels , and they were great -RRB- because I 've been sucked into the online play and have had little time for anything else -LRB- like eat , go outside , sleep , etc. -RRB- They really nailed how online play should be set up with this game . From starting up my xbox 360 it takes maybe 1 minute to be up and running online . The previous game I played quite a bit of , Rainbox 6 Vegas , is really clunky on Live and many times you join into a game that has already started and ca n't play in until the time runs out . How frustrating . With this game , I have around 10 different modes -LRB- I 'm currently playing Team Death Match -RRB- that I can select , and the game practically sets up the rest.I can go on and on about this game , but just trust me and the other reviewers on this site . It looks amazing , offers great online play -LRB- and I hear awesome single player -RRB- , will keep you engaged for weeks trying to level up and obtain new weapons -LRB- I have currently played a total of around 28 hours the past 4 days -RRB- , and does everything right that other FPS 's are getting wrong . Get it , you wo n't be sorry .
 Cons
 One of the best game out for any system . Come for the single player , stay for the multiplayer . You will have many WOW moments in the single player campaign and will keep wanting more . The multiplayer , with its ranking system , will keep you hooked for months . I wo n't restate everything that has been said , but you need to buy this game . I do n't see how Infinity Ward will top themselves .
 I remember back in the day when the first Call of Duty came out for the PC and blew me away . Whereas most shooters had you playing commando-style , taking out an army by yourself , CoD made you part of a massive war effort , with dozens of soldiers fighting beside and against you . Nevertheless , it was carefully balanced so that the game did n't play itself , putting the player at the forefront of the action.Fast forward to 2007 . As the name indicates , Call of Duty 4 has made the transition from the oft-trodden WW2 setting to modern combat . Most impactful from the change of setting are new weapons and equipment that subtly change gameplay while keeping the core game the same . If you 've played a CoD game before , you probably know what to expect from CoD4.Certainly , you ca n't call CoD4 's gameplay innovative . The single-player follows the same formula as its predecessors
 this is a game that will take halo 3 to the ground . I have cod 4 and iam still playing it because its just so fun to play and looks real good . halo 3 what it is because of advertising and is too repeatitive . if you have a 360 and have 60 bucks lying around what r u waiting for . renew your xbox warranty because youl be playing this game till cod5 .
 This is the game of the year . There is nothing that this game ca n't provide any the most basic game player . The story mode is challenging and the online play is superior to any game out on the market -LRB- including Halo 3 -RRB- . This is a must buy for fans of modern combat , realistic situations , and true competition .
 This game is amazing.When the game reviewers gave it high marks , this game earned them.The single player campaign is nothing short of spectacular . . The lighting , the environment , the gameplay.The enemy A.I. can get real tough real quick , especially if your going into a area where there 's more than 5 enemy soldiers and they have reinforcements just waiting.Friendly A.I. is n't too shabby . . the Marines and the S.A.S work together well.At times it almost feels like your watching a movie.Online shines.I have seen my share of people who have leveled up past maximum and re-set their ranks back to Private and go at it again.Leveling up and ranking up are fun . . and when you reach that next rank , you feel a sense of accomplishment.It 's not like Rainbow Six : Vegas where when you rank up , you unlock a new camouflage color . . If you do n't unlock a new gun , it 's a new Perk -LRB- like being able to reload faster or being able to detect enemy C4 or claymores -RRB- There is a good selection of weapons and Perks and some of them work really well together .
 After 3 CODs , where you just run around with guns and shoot people there is finally a game where someone obviusly consulted with military professionals on everything from how people in the military really talk , to how characters enter and clear rooms ... this has a real feel about it . The detail is incredible - bravo !
 Before CoD4 , I really was n't someone who enjoyed playing games online . Being schooled in the art of the Deathmatch by 13 year olds was n't exactly my idea of a good time . Still , when the multiplayer demo for this game hit Xbox Live , I went ahead and put my trial Gold membership to use and gave it a go-around . I 'm incredibly glad I did.Yes , the single player campaign is short . On the other hand , it 's by far one of the best single player FPS experiences I 've had in a long time . The varied gameplay will keep you hooked through the entire campaign . Of course , there 's less campaign to keep you hooked , but it 's a matter of quality vs quantity for me.Please Note
 The single player portion of the game kept me riveted . Although it seemed fairly scripted , the storyline kept me very interested and I will probably play through again on a harder setting . Without adding a big spoiler , I will warn you that you play characters who die despite your best efforts . You 'll also be transported through time without warning.I was done in about five hours.The graphics looked great on my new HD Samsung TV . Multi-player mode is fun and I expect hours of enjoyment once my scratched disc has been replaced for a fee of $ 20 . Call of Duty 4 continues in the tradition of one of my favorite series for the XBOX 360 . I 'm not sure where the publisher will go next . Maybe Call of Duty 5
 Great upgrade from COD3 ! Fantastic graphics and a great story line . Online play is good , but the game is better.Only Con is that it seemed a little shorter than expected . But I easily could go back and try on a harder level to hone my skills .
 Purchased for my 14 yr . old son , seems to like it a lot . Has had many gaming systems and the X-box 360 is his favorite . Will have to see if this changes after X-Mas and his PS3 gets the trial run .
 The single players mode is nice and short and extremely well done . The multiplayer is fantastic as well . I will probably be playing this online for at least the next year .
 The graphics were extremely realistic and the game run well with my crappy graphic card . The solo campaign could have been longer , it was too short I finished it in 2 hours on easy level .
 No this is not world of war craft this is modern war . This game is truly amazing and is on my top 3 favorite games of all time . The campaign levels are truly unique and realistic and the online multilayer is more addicting than ... . well i do n't know ... . anyways it is really addicting . Some of the unique features with this is the ability to unlock and customize your own character along with their weapons . Another great feature is that even though that sniper is hiding behind a wall you can shoot through it with heavy machine guns . This game is truly a game that every single FPS -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- fan should play . If you do n't have this game than get it becuase you are missing out on truly one of the best games of 2007 .
 okay , I got this game for my husband who is x military . I love watching him play these games since I 'm video game illiterate -LRB- must be a girl thing -RRB- . All he kept saying is `` Oh my God '' the entire two hours he was playing it . The graphics are amazing and the play of the game just puts you there in the middle of the action . I ca n't say enough great things about this game . Go out and get it ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 i brought this game for my 14 year old brother-in-law !!! And he loves it!Great gift for any teenager ...
 This game is as realistic as a current generation video game can get . It is really awesome . There are levels in the single player mode that let you be a sniper , a gunner on a KC-130 , and even a nice vehicle chase level . I highly recommend this title to anyone who loves shooters . The multiplayer experience is second to none , but I would like to have seen some vehicles in there . I will be playing this one online for a while . I would strongly caution any parents who think that this would be a good title for children . Please stay away from this one . It 's very violent , and the language is not intended for children .
 A lot of reviews and comments I have seen claim that this game has the best graphics of any console game out there . Of the games I have seen on my console I have no arguments with that . The environments are crafted so that they have an almost real-world aspect to them.Game PlayAs far as the basic game play in Call of Duty 4 , it 's a first person shooter and all FPS 's are essentially the same . The grenade toss or reload buttons may not be the same as Rainbow Six or Halo but if you 've played any FPS for any period of time you can jump right in to a multiplayer map on COD 4 and have no problem holding your own . The only control problem I have had with COD 4 is where they have located the melee attack . It 's on the right thumbstick , and you have to depress the thumbstick to stick an opponent with your knife . Sometimes I depress it unintentionally while look around or moving . Not a big deal but you can waste a precious second flailing with your knife and seconds count in this game.The audio on this game is also topnotch . If you have a good sound system and crank it up you are surrounded by sound . There 's the ambient sounds of the map with distant explosions , there 's the sound of rain and thunder on one map , there 's the footsteps of an enemy walking on the floor above you and there are the lifelike gunshots and explosions . Like the graphics , the audio offered by this game may be the best yet for any console game.Single PlayerSupposedly the single player game is relatively short . I ca n't say for sure if it is or not since I have n't finished playing the single player . I 've put a couple of hours into it and it 's so intense that I can only play it for so long . The combat can be so realistic in its chaos that it can be draining . Expect to die a lot also . At least I did initially . Unlike Halo you just can go running and gunning in this game . You have to use the weapons available to you , utilize your cover and rely on the non-player controlled characters on your side.One complaint I have read on a message board is that friendly fire is something you have to be aware of and ready for . You ca n't just shoot at anything that moves , you have to sure that the target at which you are aiming is not a friendly . If you shoot one of your teammates the game resets back to the last saved point just as if you had died . Since this is supposed to be `` modern warfare '' you are given some assistance in determining whether or not a soldier is a friendly or a foe . Member of your outfit have their names floating over their heads if nearby and if you aim at a friendly the site on your weapon turns green and if he 's a bad guy it turns red . Even with these assists , when the battle is hot and heavy it can be a challenge to determine who you should shoot at . To me , that is one of the more realistic features of this game . War is chaotic and confusing and this game captures that nicely.MultiplayerThe online multiplayer to me is the meat of this game . And , good news , I saw on a gaming news site , that new multiplayer maps are in the works . I 'm sure they wo n't be free but anytime you get new maps for a FPS it 's a good thing.NegativesI have only one real complaint about COD 4 's online play . I do n't like the ranking system . The ranking system is solely based on experience points . What that means is you can get in a room with player that is a level 2 and he can run the room , in a free for all match , even when everyone else is a higher rank . Your rank has nothing to do with your skill level . If you play long enough you are going increase your rank . I much prefer how Halo 3 balanced skill level and experience points . There is nothing like being in a room playing a free-for-all deathmatch with a group of equally skilled players . To me that is as exciting as gaming gets . Rarely does that happen on COD 4 . There is often too much disparity between the winner and the loser in free-for-all games for my taste . When first and second get 25 and 20 kills respectively and the bottom three , in an eight player room , have between six to ten kills , then you have an unbalanced game and I can guarantee those at the bottom are not having a good time while far superior players run circles around them . I 've been on both sides of that equation in COD 4 and , sure it 's fun to run a room now and then , but it is very frustrating to be nothing more than a moving target for two or three ringers . There have been times while playing Halo 3 in a ranked free-for-all match where first place finished with 25 kills and there is not a player in the room with less that 15 while second and third have over 20 . That is good fun , believe me.On to the positives , and there are a bunch.NewbiesFirst , I really enjoyed how COD 4 eases you into the multiplayer game . You start out playing in a limited number of maps so you do n't have to learn all the maps at once . Also , you are playing with a fair number of inexperienced players because the more experienced are using a larger pool of maps . This works as you move on up in the ranks . Not until a pretty significant number of hours of gameplay do you have all the maps in your rotation . This allows you to learn a set of maps before you are thrown another couple to learn . Very smart.Stayin ' AliveI ca n't help but to keep comparing this game to Halo since Halo is the FPS I have put the most time into over the last few years . Unlike Halo , COD 4 awards you for staying alive . If you get three kills in a row you get access to the UAV system -LRB- essentially a RADAR -RRB- , after five kills you are allowed to call in an air strike and after 7 kills in a row you can call in a helicopter that will fly around the map and mow down your opponents . This reward system is clever in that it encourages players to move carefully , find cover and not rely on respawning to keep them in the game . Now if the only had a game where you had limited respawns ... ClassesYou start off the multiplayer with a set of fixed classes to choose from . Each is assigned a particular set of weapons . Once you reach Lance Corporal you can create your own classes . You can pick your primary weapon , side arm and grenade combination . As you complete challenges you get access to perks which allow you to augment your weaponry and the health and strength of your character . There are limitless combinations to choose from . You are allowed five custom classes and you can set up each class how you want and you will find yourself choosing a different set up for different maps or maybe just on how you feel like playing at that moment.Ranking and ChallengesWhen you begin the multiplayer you are a private first class with a basic set of weapons and classes from which to choose . As you move up in rank and meet specific challenges you then earn perks that you can add to classes you are allowed to create . Perks include `` deep impact , '' which gives your bullets more power thus enabling them to travel through some walls and other cover ; there is `` Double Tap , '' which allows you to increase the rate of fire for automatic weapons ; there 's `` extreme conditioning , '' this allows you to sprint for longer distances -LRB- very helpful when carrying an M-60 machine gun ; and `` Claymore , '' this allows you to carry two claymore mines -LRB- The claymore is one of my favorite perks . It allows me to secure a room and then move from window to window , picking people off . There 's nothing more satisfying to me than hear a claymore you set click and go boom and then see on the screen the notification that you just received five points for a kill . -RRB- Not only do you get more perks as your rank up , you also are allowed to gain access to new weapons and to add accessories to all your weapons as you complete different achievements . For example , when you reach the rank of sergeant you gain access to the M4 carbine assault rifle . As you use the weapon you gain accessories for it . Accessories like the laser sight and better camouflage . This reward system keeps the game interesting . There 's a perk called `` Overkill '' that I really want . Overkill allows you to carry two primary weapons instead of the usual single primary weapon and a pistol . I try to move slowly and stay alive for long periods of time so I tend to run out of ammo . When I am able to carry two rifles that will no lonber be a problem.MapsThe maps are well designed . In some FPS 's you can encounter the problem of spawn camping . Like in Halo 3 , I have not found this to be a big problem in this game . Now , there are spots a knowledgeable player can set up in and wait for guys that are sprinting back to their favorite camping spots but I have seen very little of actual spawn camping . Spawn camping does occur but most of the spawn points have good cover and you can fight your way out if you are careful.The maps are mostly very big with areas that are tight and intricate . This makes them conducive to whatever style you like to play . There are exceptions , of course . There is a map set on a cargo ship called `` Wet Work '' that is pretty small and is a run and gun map . I just use a shotgun and run around plugging people and hoping for the best . Also there is a map called `` Overgrown '' that seems designed for those that like to snipe . The rest of the maps are balanced nicely enough to allow any strategy to work if you know what you are doing . That is one of the reasons this game is so addictive , there are several different ways you can win . As you increase your rank and get access to more weapons you will find that , depending on how you play a specific maps , you will not be choosing the same weapon all the time.WeaponsOnce you put some time into multiplayer game you eventually will have access to twenty-seven weapons in six categories . The categories are , assault rifles , submachine guns , light machine guns , handguns and shotguns . The assault rifle category gives you the most to choose from with seven rifles . My three favorites so far have been the AK-47 , the M4 and the M-16 . The AK-47 was helpful to me in the early rounds because it 's a good all purpose weapon . Once you get the laser sight -LRB- called red dot sight in the game -RRB- unlocked for either the M-16 or the M4 I can safely bet you will abandon the AK-47 pretty quickly . It has too much recoil when compared to the other more advanced weapons you may access as the game goes on.The surprising variety of weapons is one of the aspects of this game that gives it excellent replay value . Submachine guns like the MP5 have a high rate of fire but have limited range . The M-16 is very accurate and has good stopping power but is not fully automatic . If you start spraying with the M16 before you have an enemy lined up he will probably take you out but the three round burst it shoots allows you to conserve ammunition . The M4 is fully automatic and allows you to lead your targets but if you stay alive for more than two minutes you will probably run out of ammunition . The M60 light machine gun can really mow down opponents and does n't require a lot of reloading but it 's heavy which cuts down on your mobility , it has a slow rate of fire and a lot of recoil.You can choose between three types of secondary grenades -LRB- your primary grenade is always the `` frag '' grenade . You start out with one of those each time you respawn but there is a perk that allows you to carry three . -RRB- The three secondary grenades are stun , flash and smoke . Flash grenades blin and deafens , stun grenades disorient and the smoke grenades ... makes smoke . I never use the smoke and I do n't know why anyone would . In fact , hardly anybody does . A well used stun or flash grenade can be the difference between life and death in multiplayer.FinIf I was to write a review and give this game a score I would have to give it a 9 . The only thing that keeps this game from being perfect is the lack of a skill-based ranking system in multiplayer . If you enjoy running around and shooting at stuff then there is n't more fun to be had out there .
 You probably have already heard that Call of Duty 4 is a great looking game , and that it 's the best first person shooter on the Xbox 360 . You 've probably already heard this a million times , so I wo n't waste your time by writing a review about the graphics . By now , you should already know that Call of Duty 4 looks amazing . I do however , want to share with you a few of the great features that Call of Duty 4 has to offer.I 'll start with CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION for multiplier because this is my favorite feature for Call of Duty 4 . You can choose a preset class with default weapon load outs and perks assigned to them . Those include Assault , Special Ops , Light Machine Gunner , Demolitions , and Sniper , or you can customize your character by using one of five `` Create a class '' slots , -LRB- which you can unlock fairly quick in multiplayer -RRB- . Create a Class is a nice feature because you can build your very own soldier with weapons and perks . Perks are like options to further your Call of Duty 4 character and there are three sets to choose from . You can only choose one option per set though , -LRB- 3 perks total -RRB- so you 'll have to decide which perk will suit your soldier best . Here 's a complete list of perks.PERKS SET 1
 From the moment you turn this game on you are swept into a reality that is all to similiar to what is going on in today 's world . The storyline is something you have probably heard before on the news . Out of control regimes in the MidEast and potential anarchy in the old Soviet Union . The two factors make for a very intense game . I do n't even know if game is an appropriate title for something so realistic . Your mission is to stop a rogue government from getting their hands on nuclear weapons . Obviously a big challenge for anyone.If you have played previous Call of Duty games you know the quality that goes into the gameplay . Never overly to difficult for a first timer . Much of the combat is very similiar to previous COD games . The objectives are always short enough to keep the player involved . What sets this Call of Duty game apart from it 's previous incarnations is the amount of realism that has gone into it . The graphics and sound are so real that you could almost think your watching a movie ... Actually more real than a movie . The only thing that may be lacking in this games single player missions is the lack of co-op play and the overall shortness of the game . Most will have it completed under six hours . Of course you can always give it a try and a more difficult setting.The online multiplayer is amazing . To say the least I did n't expect it to be this intense . From the moment you start an online challenge you are thrusted into battle . The game seems to keep the online working in such a way that it seems incredibly realistic . What I also enjoy about the online is that it allows you to rank up rather quickly but you must have enough skill to be an asset on the battlefield . Online there are numerous different missions that keep the game extremely fun and fresh . Although you wo n't have access to these challenges until you prove your abilities . What also keeps it fresh is the ability to gear your soldier differently as you advance thru the online . This game will definatley have people playing for many , many months.If you enjoy shooter games and most importantly like realistic war sims then this game is for you . The graphics are amazing , the environments almost look too real , and the sound sets this game apart from others that have flooded the field . If you ever wanted to have an idea of many of the challenges that today 's soldiers have to deal with then you need Call of Duty 4 . This may possibly be the game of the year .
 The Award-winning team at Infinity Ward , the creators of the Call of Duty series , delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever in simply one of the best fps available . Complete with a fantastic arsenal of both massive and impressive firepower players are transported to treacherous hotspots around the globe to take on a rogue enemy group threatening the world . As both a U.S. Marine and British S.A.S. soldier fighting through an unfolding story full of twists and turns , players use sophisticated deadly technology to deliver hell . This is then backed up by a very in depth and impressive multiplayer full of multiple game types backed up by fantastic gameplay . Featuring create-a-class options allowing players to customize gear that is best suited for play , to experience points enabling unlockables and perks , all the way to matchmaking and leaderboards for the latest in tracking.Amazing special effects , including realistic depth of field , rim-lighting , character self-shadowing , texture streaming , as well as physics-enabled effects , will enlist you into the most photo-realistic gaming experience . Combine the lifelike graphics and the realistic battle chatter with the Call of Duty award-winning sound design and players will face battle as they never have before . Featuring authentic weapons and gear from assault rifles with laser sites , claymore mines , .50 caliber sniper rifles , and M-249 SAW machine guns . With accessories like night-vision goggles and ghillie suits for maximum concealment , Call of Duty 4
 For as good as Rainbow Six Vegas has been for the past two years , COD4 replaces it as THE game to play online . The actual single player game is quite short so if you 're not going to play this online , you may be disappointed . Once you do finish the game , however , you can go back to any of the individual missions . Two of my favorites is when you blow a big chunk of appendage off of the evil dictator and the mission where you 're crawling in the grass as the tanks and troops roll right past you . I give COD4 the highest marks ! It also does n't have the completely unnecessary swearing that Rainbow Six Vegas was notorious for . I have n't touched Rainbow Six Vegas now that COD4 is in my game library .
 First off , I just finished the single player campaign on Veteran difficulty -LRB- I 'd recommend that only to those who enjoy a nice mix of enjoyment and frustration ... or those that have something to prove -RRB- and let me just say that it was literally one of the more refreshing stretches of gameplay that I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing . This is one of those games where right from the very beginning , you 're treated to a cinematic experience that few other games have managed to emulate . Things happen in this game that you wo n't be prepared for storywise and just that in itself is reason to give this game a five star rating . I was really , really impressed with the story decisions that developer Infinity Ward made with the single player campaign . Very few games have left me as awestruck as this one did and even though it 's a bit on the short side , you 'll be witness to a bunch of moments that will leave you with your jaw on the floor , guaranteed.The multiplayer portion is utterly fantastic , providing the player with an insanely deep character customization for a first person shooter . Up to 18 players can go at it online and the result is equal parts fun , mayhem and sheer action . I 'd put this one up there with the best online multiplayer games of all time as this title wo n't be disappearing from the radar anytime soon . The graphics are phenomenal and the sound is off the wall , especially with a surround setup going to make you feel like you 've got bullets whizzing right above your head . The explosions are thunderous and the huge assortment of detailed levels make this game even more immersive.This is a no-brainer purchase and I 'd consider this bad boy money well spent . A must have for any serious gamer .
 Call of Duty has been a World War II shooter series made by Infinity Ward . Their series have won multiple awards in their 1st and 2nd series . But ever since the 3rd installment released , many have wondered what Infinity Ward would do to change the series.Call of Duty 4
 This game is outstanding . It is beyond polished and you can tell the developers took their time to create a wonderful gaming experience.Singleplayer : The single player is well done . It 's not extremely long but if you play at a reasonable difficulty matching your skills it will be fulfilling . In length it 's no worse than most other first-person shooter games on the market . The visuals are terrific and the frame rate stays locked at 60 frames per second no matter what is going on . The levels are diverse and exciting to play through . Most levels allow a bit of flexibility in your style of play and the routes you take . If you find a particular course of action too difficult you can always try a different approach . The enemy AI is quite good with enemies taking cover and using their various tools in their attempt to take you down . Your team mates are equally intelligent taking cover in a similar way and manage to avoid feeling like nothing more than fodder . The campaign is good enough that a few play-throughs are worth your time with lots of hidden enemy intel items to collect as well as a timed score mode.Multiplayer : This is the most fun I 've had in a multiplayer game since Battlefield 1942 . The amount of unlockable items is immense . Upping your rank wo n't take an inordinate amount of time as it does in other games . A decent player will rank up every hour or so of gameplay . The weapons are very balanced and there are none which seem `` cheap '' . You can be as successful with a starting weapon as you can be with a weapon you unlock down the road . It is a game of skill rather than simply an exercise in seeing who has the highest total time investment . Weapon perks are unlocked based on your usage of that weapon . If you favor a particular firearm you will get the goodies associated with that weapon . This helps avoid the feeling that you 're accomplishing nothing when using your favorite weapon type . There are a cavalcade of game modes to keep you busy and their are broken down in an meaningful way . There 's no need to fret over any of the game modes which can be selected in your desired play list since they are specific enough in their criteria to keep you interested . Rooms are persistent so there 's no need to constantly search for a game over and over again . The maps are excellent and well laid out for fun play . No map seems overly biased for either team . There are n't any `` filler '' maps which make you groan when they pop up in the rotation . The ability to shoot through various objects such as certain walls or crates adds a bit of flair to the excitement . The graphics are just as strong in the multiplayer as it is in the campaign.The bottom line : Buy this game . This is jammed packed with loads of content which will keep you coming back for more . It 's a nearly flawless execution of a modern game . Do n't avoid this game just because it seems like `` more of the same '' . It adds plenty of twists and turns make it a fresh experience ; unlike any other you 've experienced before . I 'm rather critical of games so my endorsement is not something I give out easily . This game more than exceeds the hype . Missing out on Call of Duty 4 would be a huge mistake . Buy it !
 CoD4 is a solid game , I ca n't see any argument about that . The game looks beautiful , runs smoothly , and has a very engrossing story . As much as I have loved the other CoD games , their stories were never as gripping to me as part 4 has been . The online play is my favorite thus far . The challenge system allows for continued enjoyment and Prestige mode makes it actually worthwhile to play through many times . I 'm on my second time in Prestige mode and plan to keep going . I love that all the accomplishements are gained in the campaign mode , so people who do n't want to tolerate immature and foul-mouthed children insulting them can actually play and gain the gamer points if they want.But there are two serious issues which have been brought up . The most glaring is the lack of co-op . This is truly dissapointing and I ca n't imagine why this was not included . It 's simply a standard that I am starting to expect in my FPS games . This is my reason for cutting a star off the rating of an otherwise almost perfect game.The second issue is the length . It is a bit short . However , this is remedied in two ways . First , play the game again on the hardest setting . Wow , it is a challenge on that setting and it will take you much longer , even if it is a frustating kind of time consuming experience . And second , play online . I play multiplayer a lot in this game because I love it . And in the multiplayer mode , you 'll find all the time you could want to spend on this game.In short , a game that is close to flawless . But the couple of issues it does have do hold it back from achieving the greatness it could have been . With word out that IW wo n't be doing CoD5 , who knows if they 'll have the chance to perfect it in the future ?
 I absolutely loved Call of Duty 2 , and it was the reason I bought an Xbox 360 . I played the entire single player campaign and the online multiplayer games . I was disappointed with Call of Duty 3 . The single player campaign was ok , but I did n't like the online multiplayer as much . It seemed to be focused solely on team based multiplayer games . I tend to like the every man for himself games , and then once in a while I will play the team based games.Call of Duty 4 picks up the basics of the second game but thrusts it into the modern era away from the much focused on WWII . I love history and the battles of WWII , but with all the different FPS WWII Franchises it is getting old . CoD4 with modern weapons and enemies is a fresh take on the world of FPS war games.The single player campaign is fairly tight and entertaining . There are a number of achievements on the Xbox 360 version for this portion of the game . If you are more into playing the single player campaign versus online multiplayer , then you will get a great deal of achievement points.However , this game shines in the multiplayer mode . There are so many different options of weapons , gameplay and bonus items that this game has the ultimate title of king of replay value . The options are largely unlockables that require playing the game in multiplayer online mode to earn experience points , which help increase your rank and unlock other weapons and options.The graphics on this game are amazing ! The realism of the sights and sounds of this game will give you vivid environments and gaming experience . You may even find yourself looking over your shoulder in real life due to the realistic gameplay in the online gaming world.Enjoy !!! EDIT
 This is a great First person shoot 'em up game . Possibly one of xbox 's best games . The online gameing experience is excellent . Great gun selections and modifications . The more you game the better gun , and modification choices you have . Yes , this is better than Halo 3 for online gameing . All in All , The more you play the more fun you 'll have .
 Returned to those who made Call of Duty 2 , Call of Duty 4 takes the original engine and concept which made COD2 great , and successfully shifts it into a modern world.Retaining the same mix of brutal single player campaign and engrossing multiplayer gaming , Call of Duty 4 innovates in many ways the First Person Shooter genre . The sniper rifle scoping system that was in place in COD2 is back , also , and many new weapons are available.Different from COD2 , the interface is much more dense , the map more complex , and options well beyond that which was available in World War II . And yet despite this , it is easy to get used to , and despite the addition of far more things on the player 's HUD and interface , it does n't get in the way of the gameplay itself , seeking out enemies and killing them.Another unique addition is rankings and unlockables in the multiplayer . You start out as a private , with only the three base classes of Assault , Spec Ops , and Demolition available to you -LRB- this means assault rifle , machine gun , shotgun -RRB- , with the other two classes unlocked when you rise in rank . Rank upgrades are easy , requiring XP which is earned from killing people and just playing multiplayer maps . Even more unique , you can create your own class , picking what sort of weapons to start with , as well as bonuses such as bullet stopping power , increased health , and perks like extra grenades or RPGs . More options are available the higher you rank.With more technology and better guns , there 's more things to do in single player and multi player games , making it a more complex and rewarding gameplay experience to have . But if it 's too much all at once , there 's still COD2 and 3 to go back to . COD4 has that quality of both appealing to the player , and not alienating the predecessors . That sort of quality is what makes a franchise like this amazingly successful.Potential Spoilers followCampaign : My god ... at first I thought it was a nice little thing , very fun but without a much interested storyline . You play as two characters
 I 'm not going to spend too much of my time -LRB- or yours -RRB- adding to the already ample number of reviews . Suffice it to say this game is good , really good . An update to the CoD franchise that succeeds on every level . The single player campaign , while short , is entertaining and poignant . The multi-player is a blast , fighting through streets where virtually every building can be entered and traversed . I highly recommend CoD4 if you are a fan of the genre or are just curious .
 One of the best shooters I 've ever played.It combines the usual shooter fun , but alsosome new features that I have n't seen anywhere else.Definitely recommend it !!!
 This is the best 1st person shooter yet . With the ability to level up , add new perks and choose your starting weapons this is easily better than Halo 3 . Online there is little lag , you can tell with the fully automatic burst hesitates . The only improvements i would like to see is , the ability to take cover like Rainbow Six Vegas or Gears of War , and the system link could be improved . Halo 3 has a good 4 player system link . If you could play 4 player and system link with taking cover the game could be perfect .
 It is by far on the best shooter games to come out in a long time . There is only one aspect of the game I wish had been different . In online mode you are only allowed to have one person play at a time . Unlike Halo3 you can have a guest play online with you . Other than that it is by far my favorite game !
 This is an EXCELLENT title . The single player campaign is short but action packed and loaded full of emotionally thought provoking scenes and settings that I really did n't expect . There 's more then once you 'll be left sitting mouth agape at what you 've just witness . Truly a great gaming experience on par with the best of them.The Multiplayer is unbelievable . I am a hardcore , diehard Halo fan -LRB- I 've collected 70 + Joyride Halo Action Figures -RRB- and never thought there would be another shooter to pull me away from Halo 3 for a good year at the least . BIG surprise here . I 've been playing CoD4 so much that Halo 3 has n't seen my tray for over three weeks ! Do n't get me wrong , Halo is still an industry bar setting standard to which other developers need to aim , but Infinity Ward have really brought their A-game with CoD4.The only thing that could make CoD4 better is online tracking of your multiplayer progress like -LSB- ... -RSB- does . There is a HUGE amount of challenges in MP that would be great to compare/contrast with others online . Plus , the opportunity to have web-based `` Battle Records '' of your CoD4 skills would be great -LRB- see
 This is a good game , graphics are out of this world , platform is greatall around fun , This one is a keeper .
 For years Ive been playing FPS 's and this is definetly the evolution we 've all been waiting for in regards to AI , Grapics , Weapons , Level Design , and multiplayer . Enough for it to knock off Halo 3 .
 I ca n't think of a way to describe how much I 've enjoyed COD4 . The single player is so realistic at times you 'll think you actually were a Brittish SAS or U.S. Marine . The environments are very believable and the story is entertaining.COD4 is not like Halo . It is not repetitive shooting over and over again . COD4 has the traditional first person shooting , but it also mixes in shooting-on-rails , like from a helicopter , an AC-130 10,000 feet above a battle , and from an escaping jeep . This change in perspective happens several times throughout the story and it is quite enjoyable.The multiplayer is even better . The ranking system is akin to halo 's social ranking - the more matches you play , the more XP you 'll get . I find this much more enjoyable than Halo 's normal ranking system . The only problem is that sometimes you 'll find yourself in a match where you get destroyed by the other team , but it does n't happen often.Another thing I love about multiplayer is the challenges system . As you gain rank , you 'll unlock new challenges that , when you complete them , give you lots and lots of XP . Some challenges are simple , like kill 25 people with a certain gun . Other ones are more difficult , requiring you to shoot down a helicopter or get 100 headshots.And no review of COD4 's multiplayer would be complete without talking about calling in airstrikes . If you get 3 kills in a row , you can call in a drone that will mark enemy 's positions on your minimap for 30 seconds . If you get 5 kills in a row , you can call in a 3-plane airstrike that will bomb a portion of the map . And by far the coolest is when you get 7 kills in a rows and call in a helicopter that will terrorize the other team until it is shot down.Overall , COD4 is an great buy . If you have played any of the other games in the series and got turned off by COD3 , there is no better time to get back in than now .
 This is speaks for itself . You 've seen the trailers , read the reviews , heard the rumors . Try it . You 'll like it , I promise . Unless you hate video games , then and only then you might not . -LRB- But seriously , who DOES N'T like video games ??? -RRB- Anyway , I digress . This is definitely worth the money.P.S > Only downside ? No Co-op Multiplayer missions mode Offline . BUT Online play more than makes up for it .
 The solo levels are a lot of fun , but the most value you 're getting here is found in the multiplayer play . The leveling system is amazing . I find myself staying up late every night just to get one more level so I can unlock the laser sight for whatever gun it is I 'm partial to that night . Also , the game does an excellent job balancing the teams . I rarely ever find myself in a game that 's a blowout on either side.Gears of War used to be my favorite multiplayer game before I got this . I 'll be interested to see if more games start using this leveling method . I 've heard the system used in Battlefield is very similar .
 I was an avid Gears of War player and then I got Call of Duty 4 and Gears got benched . You have a great choice of weapons when you advance , you get access to more of those weapons and perks . All in all , I have to say this is one of the absolute best shooter games out there and the multiplayer is awesome!Buy this game , you wo n't be disappointed , unless you know nothing at all about shooter games .
 Just a fantastic all around game . The single player campaign is great , multiplayer on LIVE is even better.Graphics are very good , controls are tight and spot on . Just not anything that was missed or done poorly in this game.Only gripe could possibly be that the campaign is pretty short .
 Great single player , great immersion in the game , smooth animations , nice graphics and special effects , but not as sharp as the best on the 360 , online multiplayer is pretty fun , but matchmaking is very unfair to new players ... my first few games I had to play with people ranked 40 and up , and they start out the matches with superior weapons -LRB- my only real knock on the game -RRB- .
 I 'm sure this is a fun game but seeing as I bought it for the wrong gaming console I had to return it . However , Hubbagames was very prompt in letting me return the game and were very helpfull ! I would recommend to anyone to order from them !
 Best Call of Duty game to date . Game play is immersive and the cinimatics are seamless .
 I thought the first three CODs were okay , but repetitive . I was more a fan of Halo . But I can rush to judgment , and I only gave Halo 3 four stars at release , now it would surely be five . The same went for this , it took me a day to get used to , and I decided it is amazingly fun.A MUst Own - I originally rented this to save money , but I ended up buying it because it 's so amazing . The single player is fun although short , but the multiplayer is the best any game has yet to offer . Nex - Gen through and through .
 I have to admit , I am a sucker for the Call of Duty series . I loved 2 , hated 3 and now I dig 4 even more than 2 . I have not yet played the multiplayer part of the game as I have n't had a chance yet . However , these are my pros and cons of the single player part of the game : Pros : - Great story line and easy to follow even with a few jumps into the past and such.-Awesome graphics ... even the loading screens made you think you were actually watching part of a cut scene.-The weapons are great and offer a lot more variety than expected.-The variety in game play if cool too . Whether firing from an A-130 gunship -LRB- which by the way is off the hook fun -RRB- , firing from the back of a jeep , sniping or doing some good old fashion run and fire game play then game does not lose your interest . - AI is fairly intelligent and offer some pretty good opposition.Cons : - Off the top of my head the only thing I can think of is that the game lacks the ability to look around corners and fire . Not detrimental to game play but would have been useful in some of the tighter situations you get into.That 's about all I have to say about the game . I expected a lot from the game because of all of the hype and was not let down in the least bit . -LRB- update -RRB- - I 've been able to give the multiplayer a whirl and found it to be a great cross between Counterstrike and RTCW Enemy Territory . Takes the best from both games with level upgrades and unlockable online features . Easy controls with realistic scenarios . The levels are very well built and fun to roam around . All in all this game is a perfect 10 of 10 for me .
 Ca n't say much more than this game is amazing and addictive ! The game is great and the online play is equally as good . Only downside is that there is no option to play multiple people from one TV/Xbox online ... like Halo 3 ; oh well , more TV space for me
 Call of Duty 4 is by far one of the best games to come out this year for any console or PC platform . The game is even better than any action movie that has come out to local movie theaters this year . The game is just slightly better than Halo 3 which up to this time was one of my favorite games to come out this year . Now my review is based on the single player portion of the game only.There is no comparison between Call of Duty 4 and Medal of Honor
 COD4 sets the bar . I have always thought the COD games have been fun and entertaining , but not spectacular . COD4 changes everything . Crank up the surround sound , kick back and enjoy one of the best games on the console .
 Call od Duty 4
 Una vez empiezas a jugarlo no dejas de asombrarte a medida que vas avanzando , el gameplay es excelente , los gr&aacute;ficos superan cualquier versi&oacute;n anterior , el sonido , la historia , se te hace envolvente ... Ahora el gran tema es el replayvalue ... una vez terminas el juego dificilmente querras jugarlo de nuevo , no por lo menos en modo individual . Si deverdad deseas conocer las virtudes de este t&iacute;tulo tienes que conectarlo al xbox live , se convierte en un nonestop gaming ; los mapas , los rangos que debes alcanzar seg&uacute;n retos que te asignan , los unlocks que obtienes una vez alcanzas los rangos , las armas , las por lo menos 20 maneras de jugar en equipo , definitivamente hay mucho material online , altamente recomendable si puedes jugarlo de esta manera , si no espera a que te lo presten o alquilalo .
 I have to say this is one of the best story line war games out there . usually the stories of games like this are cheesy and dumb but this one gets you going and exited .
 This game is way better than Halo3 . Awesome multiplay capabilities . One gripe
 Remarkable free-form game that allows you to jump into any of a multiple of scenarios for any one operation.You can play a completely different game for the same operation simply by landing by parachute somewhere else on the visible area on the computer screen.One minus I would possibly give is that they do n't allow the shooter to go into the prone position . When you 're getting shot at , the tendency is to get your body as close to the ground as you can.Another is that when you think you have your own guys covering your back , you suddenly find yourself getting shot by the enemy coming at you from a direction you thought your guys were covering.All-in-all , this game is the best by far . I 'll be looking forward to their next release .
 This game is totally awesome if you like modern warfare or war games this is the game for you . This game is fun both ways as campaign or online . In campaign you get to go through a lot of cool missions . My favorite mission is All Guillied Up . Basicly you get to be special forces and move beyond enemy lines in a grassy type suit if you do n't know what it is . But I prefer online play it is a lot of fun . you play against people aruond the world and accomplish objective but they are optional . If you want to find out more you might want to by the game .
 Seriously , if I could make love to a video game , I 'd never get out of bed with COD4 . This game = pure joy . I 've played the COD : WAW beta , and trust me , COD4 blows its socks off . Infinity Ward are great developers . Treyarch wishes they could be IW .
 First of all it is a great game , but their are some annoying AI problems . Unlimited guys will come at you till you move to a set area . Guys vanish after you kill them . That said it is a very good to great game .
 I am a first person shooter freak and this is the best game I have ever played !! So realistic , you think you are there !! I have a 42 '' plasma with a 5.1 surround sound system and the graphics and sound just blow me away ! THIS GAME IS FUN ! I am not a real fan of auto save games , but this one has them close enough so you can reach the check points without playing the same senario over and over a dozen times and end up putting the game back in the box . A good example of this is the new Turok , anyone want a free game ?
 Easy to buy , very slow to arrive . Watched it being tracked and it went all over the place . I do n't understand why it took so long to get here . Seems like regular mail should be faster than that . But it came , it was in good shape , and it has been enjoyed .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR ANOTHER COUSIN FOR HIS BELATED BDAY/XMAS PRESENT AND HE LOVES IT .
 Game is challenging . I think the game storyline should be longer in the next call of duty
 First off , without a doubt , this is a great game . That being said , this game does have some serious flaws.Graphics - 3.5 The greatest word to describe the graphics is `` Inconsistent '' . You will go through most of the single player game marveling at how wonderful the trees and walls look , then realize that the explosions are absolutely terrible . The deaths are amazingly unrealistic and so are the air strikes.Multi player - 4The multi player plays extremely well although it can get frustrating at times . It is very well balanced . The only thing I wish was added was a function that would increase damage after you kill a player . This would make it easier to finish the challenges -LRB- mini quests -RRB- you are working on.Story - 4.9 The story was absolutely phenomenal , one of the best I have ever seen . It feels like you achieved something at the end.Single Player - 3.9 Short but sweet . It also needed something more personal about the characters you play as.Over all - 4.1 I believe this is an over-rated but still pretty good game . It does n't give you an accurate description of war , but still , its a very good game .
 My friends told me about this game and I did n't really believe the hype but I personally believe that its one of the best 1st person shooters on that have been the market for a long time .
 Best multi-player online shooter to date . Even the single player is fun . I must have .
 I liked the special price that amazon offered and love the game . I do n't have to explain it , it 's winning awards for a reason.Now if Xbox live could be more reliable !!
 if you do n't have this game , you should n't have gotten an XBox . It 's that simple
 After being hooked on the Halo franchise for the past several years , it has been difficult for me to have an open mind with other First Person Shooter -LRB- FPS -RRB- games . However , I decided to give Call of Duty 4 a shot and I am thoroughly glad I did ! It is by far one of the best FPS games I have ever played ! The graphics are smooth and crisp , game play is challenging and true to life -LRB- as I would imagine it having never served in the military -RRB- , and the weapons are as realistic as it gets . There are a variety of levels to play on the ground , as a helicopter gunner , and on an AC-130 as a gunner ! Then there is the multi-player aspect of the game which I have just recently gotten into . It is a blast -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The game rocks in every way ! If you enjoy FPS , realistic combat game play , then order COD4 now !!!
 This game has the best graphics and gameplay of any FPS i have played to date .
 My husband LOVES this game he plays online with his buddies ALL the time . From my point of view it sucks lol cause he wants to play so much but my hubby loves it and so does everyone i talk to . : -RRB-
 I love this game it rocks . The graphics rock , the wepons rock , the story rocks , and most of all the M21 sniper rifle rocks . I love to sit in a corner , and pick off my enemies , Or you can run out with super awsome machine gins like Uzi 's , and SAW 's . Unending fun .
 Great game . Multiplayer is a lot of fun . Not recommended for kids under 16 due to violence and blood .
 The game is amazing.You can get SO into this game . At one point I was looking through my scope and pulled the trigger . Just at that moment , one of my fellow marines walked in front of me and I killed him . I was so into it that I literally dropped the controller and felt a pit in my stomach . I was so into this game that the thought of accidentally killing my teammate with `` friendly fire '' just ripped me up.When I sat there for a second and realized it was just a game where tons of guys die , I realized how silly I was being , and jumped back into the game . But it 's just THAT intense and easy to get sucked into the story.Great game .
 I am a big Halo junkie . I was eagerly awaiting the arrival of Halo 3 . But it 's sitting on the shelf now gathering dust.I played some of the campaigns/missions and was n't overly impressed . At that point I figured I 'd try it online . Simply put , it 's addictive . You start out at level 1 , and have default weapons with no sights , no scopes , etc. . You have to work your way up to the next level , get promoted , and get better weapons . The first few games I got maybe 1-2 kills , and was owned big time by every one I played with . Once I learned the maps , I am doing better.Give it a chance and you 'll love it . It 's well worth the money I paid .
 This game is awesome , the online play is the most fun I have ever had on a video game . I have had nearly every console since the atari and this is the best . If you have a decent internet connection , and can spend 50 dollars at one time for an entire year Xbox Live is worth well worth it .
 Graphics are perfect , gameplay is perfect , missions are sooo much fun and you are always doing something different.Only downside is that the story mode is way to short completed in about 5 hours .
 The game arrived in great time , well before expected which was great since I needed it before Christmas !
 do I really need to comment about this game ? Its so good you do n't even have to read this.I do n't know any other first person shooter better than this . Maybe comes close is half-life and all its mods ... -LRB- including portal -RRB- but that covers a completely different genregood game , go get it
 Amazing graphics . Havent seen an xbox game having graphics as realistic as this one . Loved it . However , would have been even better had the game been longer than what it is right now : - -RRB-
 Graphics are perfect , gameplay is perfect , missions are sooo much fun and you are always doing something different.Only downside is that the story mode is a little short -LRB- you can beat it in about 6-7 hours -RRB- , but online capability makes up for that .
 Great game great graphics . better story then most war movies . playabilty is great coulnt have bought a better game
 If you 're looking for first hand shooter combat action in a game this is definitely a game to consider adding to your collection . The level of combat is intense and keeps you on you toes , while the graphics supply a `` real '' feeling to the game . The missions are well thought out and demanding of your character so you really feel like you 're important to the game rather than just following along.The weapons are great and the system they have set up for the aiming comes in handy for necessary quick firing/killing of enemies.Definitely a must have game if you love shooter games ! ~ Julie
 This game rock big time - I got this in couple of days , and start playing right away ...
 I received this game as a present and after 6 weeks of playing the game freezes up . When I contacted Activision about my 90 day warranty , I encountered an automated phone service that took 15 minutes to contact an operator . The operator spent his time trying to convince me the problem was with my XBox 360 and was borderline rude when I insisted the disc was at fault . His response was to try my game on someone else 's console then call back . After insisting they return the disc , he told me there was a 6 - 8 week response time to investigate the incident and if there was any scratches on the disc , it would void warranty . Fortunately I was able to convince my local gaming store to exchange it although their warranty expired , the new disc works fine on my system.My disc did not have a single blemish or crack on it . The only plausible reason for failure is oxidation of the material the program is encoded with . This points to a quality control issue in their manufacturing process.Overall - great game , good online experience -LRB- needs co-op play -RRB- . Terrible waste of money - XBox version is $ 60 , PC is $ 30 . Tech support is the worst I have experienced . For Activision to create a disc for $ 0.99 and sell for $ 60 then bully a customer when experiencing problems just does n't make sense to me . I will not purchase any other games from Activision .
 This is a fast paced game with lots of action . It is for Adult playing only due to graphic violence . If you like the war role playing games you will enjoy this one .
 okay . so . i bought this for my boyfriend for christmas . he said , ` oh i 've played call of duty before , it 's nothing special . i 'd rather play halo instead ... actually , i 'd rather have tiger woods . ' i myself love video games so i pulled it out of the box and started playing it , and within 10 minutes , the boyfriend was on the couch fighting me for the controller and has n't been able to stop playing since.this game is amazing . : -RRB-
 I enjoyed this game . The story and graphics are great and the game is challenging .
 Excellent ! My son is having a great gaming experience ! Professional and fast company to work with too !
 This game is the best I 've ever played . The graphics are the best yet ! It was worth the wait .
 Game felt a bit short but the online play is very clean and well organized .
 In my opinion , this game defines FPS gaming since the idea of video gaming . The graphics are simply photo-realistic and the sounds are as if you are there . To put it wuite simply , if you play this game to long you would get PTSD -LRB- Post Traumatic Stress Disorder -RRB- from the realisim . This is a must have if you are either a PC player or XBox 360 user .
 This is by far the best shooter out there . I just dropped Halo 3 and I 'm enjoying COD4 like nothing else before it . It feels as if I 've been there , like you are part of a movie .
 A very good video games , and the replay value is good if you like to play online . I was very impressed overall , one of the better first person shooters out there today , period .
 i have all of the call of duty games from cod to cod4 i suggest you get them if your relly into war games great graphics great story great weapons and levels c4 charges clamors sniper rifles m60 heavy machine guns rpgs and more GET THIS GAME IF YOU WANT FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A great action shooter game . A sweet blend of Tom Clancy strategy shooters and Halo/Doom FPS gmaes .
 is everytihing you imagition wannts about this new realese of COD , with present weapons , only one think those 'n like me ... is the online mode ... still better HALO 3 . : D
 Fun game . Good multiplayer , sweet single player . Girlfriend says it 's a bit gruesome , which is always a good thing . IMO , not really at all compared with some other games , but to each their own .
 Call of Duty 4 is this years BEST game . I would reccommend this game to anyone who like war games and FPS -LRB- First Person Shooters -RRB- BEST GAME EVER
 This is an awsome video game . I got it for my husband and it was shipped fast and he loves it !!
 Simply Awesome ! a must for any 360 owner . Great multi-player action . I love being able to customize my kits . Graphics and sounds are amazing . Single play is a little short , but very challenging . Buy this now
 wow this game has it all a diversity of levels is the most impressive this game has the best graphics ever and is the most fun game to play in single player campaign or xbox live
 I havent play Bioshock so my opinion that this game is awsomei think is the best game of 2007 that i have playedand thats all i have to say
 Got this Xbox video game , played prior of purchasing it from Amazon . Great game for some who likes online playing . The feature is a little different from Modern Warfare 2 , however , missions ; graphics are great and the sounds effects of the weapons are almost as real . Minor damage to the case -LRB- small -RRB- piece missing . Overall great to play on those raining days or just staying up late at night .
 Having played numerous amounts of video games over the years , I feel that I have a good sense of the difference between a good one and a bad one . Call of Duty 4
 this call of duty got me hooked on all call of dutys!the achievements are challenging but not impossible . the online is great also being a girl gamer its tuff to find online games where your not trashed on in this one you got a few people not a lot its a great gaming experience i highly recommend this one
 wow this game is awesome but the thing that i dont like ` bout it cuz it 's too shorti finished the whole game in ` bout 3 daysgood graphic , nice action , story
 The campaign is probably the best out of any of the Call of Duty games . The story is good and the gameplay is amazing . This is the game that has set standards for new fps games . Online is also a lot of fun , and I just stopped playing it regularly a few weeks ago . There are still some players online , but the number is usually close to only 10,000 . Considering the price of this game , anyone with an Xbox 360 needs to give it a try !
 this product was my first purchase on amazon . it went well from start to finish . the product itself was used but is was in new condition . the game it self is simply awesome i like all asepcts of the game , even when i get killed by player and i get them back is so rewarding . lol thanks and i look forward to more and exciting games it going to be a hard challenge since game is so good ... ricco
 It 's not only about numbers and multiplayer . It does n't matter to me how many millions play it online every night , what really got to me about Call Of Duty 4 was and will always be the campaign . I 'd never seen a game so epic in scope ; it was like being inside a Michael Bay-movie set in the Middle East , complete with the music of Hans Zimmer and James Newton-Howard . You 're right there in the middle of the gun battles , bullets whissing , with numerous explosions and fighting soldiers shouting orders all around you . The opening sequence alone is fantastic ; it slowly unfolds just from whose perspective you 're seeing it , and then comes a startling revelation and you 're hooked right in there . The mechanics of the game are linear and simple , sure -LRB- go from point A to point B , shoot , throw grenades , duck , run -RRB- , but playing through it for the first time is like unearthing some gem of action-packed coolness . That sounds lame , but it 's the only way to put it.And sure , the multiplayer is a lot of fun . I 've had my share of hours where it was just local play or splitscreen with my buddies , and it does n't get tiresome when there 's Hardcore and different classes and weapons to explore . The maps are smaller , tighter and overall a lot more interesting than those in MW2 in my opinion . You could actually spot -LRB- or guess -RRB- the location of your attacker , and that makes it a lot more fair -LRB- which is crucial for my level of enjoyment -RRB- . If you do n't stand a chance , you do n't stand to have any fun , ever.Speaking of challenges ; you can also tackle the game on Veteran . After countless respawns and fine-tuned tactics , and lots and lots of luck , I finally made it through the absurdly difficult final task , and the little `` Mile High Club '' - achievement popped up on my screen . It may seem daunting , it may leave you in fits of rage , but I guarantee you ; with the right approach and an absolutely tremendous amount of patience , it can be conquered . NowCall of Duty
 This game was in excellent condition and the seller was very prompt in shipping . I had no problems what so ever , and was very pleased . I would buy from this seller in the future.Call of Duty 4
 I actually bought Modern Warfare first but I think I like this one even better ! It 's a lot of fun to play and chat with buddies while playing online -LRB- I have n't tried the campaign yet though -RRB- . I only wish that you could play with at least two people on one screen when playing online . As it is you can only have one person play online at a time - so that 's why my brother and I have Halo ODST :-RRB- . Though we both agree that Call of Duty 4 is more fun to play by yourself then Halo ODST is .
 What can I say about this game that has n't been said already ? Probably nothing at all but I figured to put in my review anyway as this game is really that good . Sure the multiplayer is addictive and fun giving this game high replay value but the best part of this game is really the single player campaign . Most video games lack the cinematic elements that this game perfects and from the first level to the last these cinematics truly add to the grandeur of the game and keep you on the edge of your seat and your mouth hanging open in disbelief . This game really does feel more like an action movie first and a video game second at times and offers enough difficulty on the hardest setting to give you enough of a challenge that you 'll probably be wishing you had turned it down at certain points.If you 're simply looking for the multiplayer experience , pick up Modern Warfare 2 . But just like all multiplayer games that rely on split-second reactions to survive , the game is plagued by poor netcode and a lack of servers . This will lead to an endless amount of frustration if you 're a competitive person . However , if you 're only interested in campaigns and story modes I would say start with this game and work your way through it then continue on to the sequel.I 've beaten this game several times and every time its still as exciting and fun as the first . You 'll probably be better off getting the Game of the Year edition at this point , but if you can pick up a used copy it should be just as good for the campaign and will leave you with enough money to get Modern Warfare 2 .
 This game is great - very cinematic , yet extremely engaging . My only gripe would be that , in single player , it 's pretty short for a FPS . Hop on Live and keep it going ; you 'll have a great time .
 My son got this and could n't put it down for a week . I finally watched decided it looked like fun , tried it when he was n't around , then got hooked.I played just the first two sections of the single-player campaign . While it is created very well , the multi-player is so good that I ca n't go back to single.The multi has 11 different ways to play . There 's different was to play team deathmatches , a capture the flag game -LRB- Domination -RRB- , setting a bomb & preventing the other team from defusing it , etc.Plus as you get experience points and get promoted up the ranks , you 'll get more choices in weapons , add-ons , and perks.Also , there 's about 15 different maps . They 're all done amazingly well , with what 's obscured , where the hiding places are , the size , etc. . Also , they put in the effect your eyes have in the daylight of when you 're in a building and walk towards a window , at first you just see white glare , but as you get closer , you can see the things outside.If you 've never played multi-player , it 's not like single that requires a start to finish , specific order type thing . Multi is pretty free-form . That 's the awesomeness of it . By the way , there are still thousands of players throughout the day playing all the types on Xbox Live.The only drawback is that you 'll need to subscribe to Xbox Live for multi-player . Obviously I think it 's worth it . Do it!This is easily my favorite Xbox game . I love it . There 's just so much you can do , & b/c it 's live & multi-player , there 's not that much redundancy .
 i really like it is one of the best games i ever played before!the next one i hope is even better .
 `` Ca n't put it down ! Wish there was more than 24 hours a day ! '' That 's what my husband says about it ever since I bought him this game as a birthday gift ! So here you have it folks , my husbands mistress `` Call of Duty 4 '' !
 I was n't sure what to expect from this when I put it into the tray . On one hand , I had enjoyed CoD2 but I did n't find it to be anything mind-blowing . On the other hand , I had heard many great things said about this game , so I was more than a little hyped to be able to finally play it.Story : The story featured in this game is a bit mundane , but at least it ties all of the epic set pieces together . Most of the time I was too busy marveling at the scope of the game , and getting lost -LRB- in a good way ! -RRB- in the gameworld to really pay much attention to the story . Most characters -- excluding Captain/Lieutenant Price -- are of card-board quality in that you do n't care what happens to them , or really remember them after the game is over . Personally , I think this game would have benefited from a better , more in-depth story , but the intensity of the game might have been bogged down from that , so maybe it is best like it is . You decide.Gameplay : Gameplay wise this game is very good . The campaign is fun and immersive , but it is also very , very linear . You basically just start at point A and progress to point B with little to no freedom except the occasional alley , building , or extra room for you to explore . Luckily the campaign is cinematic enough to keep you hooked in spite of the general lack of freedom , and shooting baddies has never been quite this fun . I highly doubt that this game would have been as well received had it featured the openness of a game such S.T.A.L.K.E.R. because it is rather hard to keep a compelling narrative when the player is granted as much freedom to go where you want to as S.T.A.L.K.E.R. featured . Luckily this game features such large and epic set pieces that is does n't need to be open-ended . The set pieces I mentioned in the last paragraph are the meat in this game . Said set pieces are quite spectacular and feature everything from escorting a tank through a tightly packed alley in the glaring , Mid-East sun while enemies shoot at you from all directions , to storming a hill and clearing baddies out of ramshackle buildings in the dead of night somewhere in Eastern Europe . The mission `` Operation Shock and Awe '' is quite amazing , but I do n't want to spoil it for you.Graphics : Yes , the graphics are as good as you have heard . Everything from the PC and NPC animations to the gun modeling and texture work are perfect . I especially liked the iron sights and scopes you could put on your gun , and the way they become the focal point of your vision is an especially nice effect . The only qualm I have with the graphics are the textures a bit muddy when you get up close , but I do n't foresee any situation when the player will be observing the ground or buildings too closely . It 's a rare treat to play a game that runs at 60 FPS , especially when the game looks as good as this one does , and it 's quite hard to go back to playing games that run at 30 or below like most games today do.Sound : The sounds of battle are crisp and clean . The gun sound like guns and explosions sound like explosions . I do n't recall any use of music throughout the game except in the menus , but I might have just not noticed any.Achievements : Since this is an Xbox 360 games , the player will be able to gain achievements to add to their collection . As of the time writing this I have 37 achievements out of the 37 that the player is able to gain . I did n't find any of them to be too hard , except for a few levels on the Veteran dificulty and the Mile High Club achievment.Multiplayer : Ah , multiplayer , the best part of this game . The multiplayer levels are open and well designed . Most are distinctive and cater to all play styles -LRB- sniper , close quarters , gunner , etc -RRB- and each level is distinctive , both in design and atmosphere . Multiplayer features a ranking system that is similar to Halo 2 and 3 , but it is allot easier to level up in this game than it was in those two . You gain experience for winning games , completing objectives and challenges.The multiplayer has a feature called challenges . Challenges are optional to complete , but you 'll get experiance that will go towards advancing your rank for each one that you do complete . There are two different kinds of challenges
 Call of Duty 4 did not have the marketing hype of Halo 3 but it surely delievered in other areas . COD4 has a demanding and diverse single player mode . The multiplayer is slick , ultra-realistic and simply way too addictive.The only con of COD4 is the somewhat simplistic user interface . COD4 could benefit from the robust multiplayer UI and capabilities of Halo3.Enjoy the game !
 i would give this game about 10 stars its that good better than halo and definetly the best in the series even if its modern combat its still amazing
 I will say it , this game is bitchin , it has it all , camera shakes , great weapons and realistic people . for a minute I thought I was watching the military channel .
 What an awesome surprise.I did n't see this game comin ' and it knocked my socks off.Buy it right now . Yay .
 This is the first game of my life . The game was very intense and very entertaining . I loved the story line and how things progress . Graphics are great and the Music is excellent too . # 1 Entertainment .
 Really amazing game ! Multiplayer is a must , but first player game is great also .
 picked it up for 35 bucks off Amazon . It is worth every penny ! Online play is awesome , too bad I suck and get slaughtered.Regardless the game is very fun to play and the the story line is pretty good too.Highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my husband , who is a HALO devotee . Well , he said that CALL TO DUTY 4 may be even better than HALO , and that is quite a review from him . We both think that the graphics in this game are maybe the best we 've seen so far . GREAT GAME !!!
 I have n't played any online game since Counter Strike . I wanted to get back into the online gaming community , but fear that I do n't have a good computer , or that I am getting too old to be playing -LRB- I 'm 24 years old -RRB- . I have been following Call Of Duty 4 -LRB- the 360 version -RRB- for some time since its release . The main appeal is the `` modern '' combat aspect . However , when I first got my 360 , I played Call of Duty 2 -LRB- not online -RRB- and did not really like the game.So finally I got my tax refund back . I asked myself what I wanted ? I broke my 92FS -LRB- a handgun like the M9 -RRB- some time ago -LRB- the slide broke after about 10K rounds -RRB- , and I was deciding to go buy another one . Then I said to myself I am not too fond of starting to shoot again . I liked shooting , but I fear I am losing my hearing from firing too much -LRB- even though I wear hearing protections -RRB- . Why shoot real weapons that are nosiy , loud , possibly deadly -LRB- the slide broke from my 92FS scared me and I thought I lost a finger at first -RRB- , and dangerous ? So I was on the hunt for a `` virtual '' experience . Then Call of Duty 4 came to mind . I went and bought with one year of xbox Live and went home and connected . From the first moment , my thoughts were , `` Wow ! `` Here are some things I like and do n't like : * Nice online community . I thought I was in for real troubles . I found that the online community is helpful and most people you meet online are fun to be with . I feel the news about the online world is completely exaggerating . I am 24 and I found the people to be nice to you and that most of them are n't much older or younger than you are . I have one real life friend who plays this game , but most of the time , I play with people I do n't know and they are nice 99 % of the time . * You can level up by scoring kills , and playing the game online . With each level up , you get new weapons , perks -LRB- I 'll explain later -RRB- , and game modes . * You get awesome weapons that you can customize . After so many kills with a particular weapon , you get new attachments and camo . For example , if you get 25 kills with the M16 , you get a Red Dot to make shooting easier . Also , if you get 25 headshots , you get a new gun camo . You also get a cool gold plated gun - on certain weapons - after completing the kills/headshots for all weapons of that category . * Single player is awesome ! The story line is awesome and at two points in the story you can fly an AC130 -LRB- truly great -RRB- and be a Marine door gunner . I can not tell you how exciting it is to join the `` Mile High Club . '' If you do n't know , the Mile High Club is an achievement given to those who complete the last level on veteran mode -LRB- the hardest game mode -RRB- . * Online Perks . You can set up to three perks . As with weapons , after a certain level , you unlock a new perk . Perks ranges from increased health , increase damages , ability to sprint , drop a grenade when you 're dead , and so fort . Each perk can be used depending on your playing style . Some people complain about the perks online , however , they are all quite fun and I recommend switching them up to suit your playing style . * Call in airstrikes , helo , and provide UAV support . The game is all about teamwork . On average , you will find one or two good people on your team who attempts to work as a team . Basically , after so many kills you can call in airstrikes and give helo support -LRB- you only call them in , but you do n't actually control or fly them -RRB- . On hardcore mode - a mode where friendly fire is on and damages are increased - it is almost essential to communicate with your team as you call in airstrikes and helos . * Graphics are awesome . Honestly , I ca n't believe how far along we 've come in computer graphics . The graphics are liquid fast in the game . On a hdtv , your eyes will bleed from the beauty . Not only that , on multiplayer you can hide in tall grass and so fort to avoid detection from your enemies . It is truly a bonus from the old games of simply running around and shoot . Now you actually have to be careful and think in 3D as you try to make you way through the ranks . * Respawn can either be a blessing or a curse . Most of the time , you respawn away from the enemy . Unlike other games where you respawn at one point , Call of Duty 4 attempts to spawn you at the best location to prevent `` spawn camping . '' Most of the time it works ; the enemy team takes over your spawn , then you respawn on the other side of the map without fear . Other times , you 're not so lucky . You might respawn at odd locations . Sometimes it takes me a moment to realize exactly where I respawn and try to get a fix on my location . During this time , you might accidentally run into an enemy . Also , sometimes you get unlucky and spawn in an airstrike area where you will die - possibly twice . * Grenades , flashbangs , and stun do n't affect your teammate . On regular game modes - except in Hardcore - you do n't have to worry about hurting your team mates . This is good for beginners who often make the mistake of killing his own teammates which can result in rather unhappy times . * Killcam . This is awesome . After you get killed , you can watch how the enemy killed you . This is ideal to get a fix on hard to see snipers and you can easily avoid making the same error.Overall , it is a great game . The single player is far better than Call of Duty 2 that I played . I say get this game if you like Counter Strike or Rainbow Six 3 series . Right now , I recommend getting the Game of the Year edition since you get the free map pack - otherwise you 'll have to spend roughly 8 dollars to get the new map pack .
 Call of Duty 4
 COD4 campaign is great but , if you 're looking for an awesome online multiplayer game then this is the way to go .
 The following review pertains specifically to the single-player mode . I have XBOX Live , but I have not played the multiplayer version of this game - I 've been having too much fun on single planer!It 's difficult to describe the game any less than incredible . The graphics are pristine -LRB- XBOX 360 w/HDMI , 32 '' LCD HDTV -RRB- . The controls are very simple to learn . There are varying levels of difficulty that makes the game playable to a majority of people . I like how I 'm able to go back into Arcade Mode -LRB- after you beat the game -RRB- and replay different levels - earning points toward `` high scores . `` Future improvements
 COD4 is by far the best FPS game there is . It combines the intensity of fire fights with the modern technology of UAV 's , air strikes and even an attack helicopter to unleash havoc upon your opponents . It 's hard to go back to any other FPS game after playing this game simply because COD4 has raised the bar to a whole new level . I used to be a die hard fan of Rainbow six but after a dose of COD4 Rainbow six just seem to be in slow mo. . They really need to go back to the drawing board if the Rainbow series makers are going to keep their fans or obtain new ones .
 I 've held off a long time on my review because I wanted to include a fair amount of Live play in my review as that seems to be a big selling point for this game.But Singleplay first : Call of Duty 4 is a very , very good game . Hands down this is one of the best games I 've played on Xbox 360 and ranks right up there with Bioshock for sheer fun and quality . CoD4 has a good story and decent voice acting but not to the degree that you find in games like Bioshock . But at its core CoD4 is a first-person shooter and Bioshock was n't your typical shooter -LRB- not a bad thing mind you -RRB- . If you dwell too long on the story of CoD4 you may find faults with it so I do n't stress it as a game selling point - it is good , but not great . With CoD4 it is all about the action . Unlike many of the first-person shooters I 've struggled with in the past the graphic quality of this one is amazing and that makes it a lot less frustrating to play - anyone who has struggled to discern the snipers blending into the pixel nightmare of early shooter games will know what I mean . In CoD4 the graphics are pristine and smooth and very realistic . There is a fair amount of texture recycling and the like and if you 've seen a couple maps you 've seen the extent of what you are likely to see terrain/clutter wise , but man , they are sure pretty . The forests and skies , as well as the closeup detail on uniforms and weapons is exceptional . Even ground clutter like grass and foliage is better than I have seen before and you can and move and discern targets from the graphics with ease allowing you to focus on firefights and not on trying to find a target to shoot at before they see you . You may still struggle to find them at times though , as the shadows and ground clutter congestion are also very good - especially in multiplayer.Multiplayer : So how is the multiplayer ? I think it is very good . I was much more impressed with CoD4 online than say any of the Halo series . I think the weapon damage is much more realistic in CoD4 with less emphasis on how weak one weapon is vs. how powerful another weapon is -LRB- think the pistol and the sniper rifle in Halo vs. the assault rifle -RRB- . In CoD4 I found it matters less what weapon one was using and more on how they are using the weapon . Usually situational awareness and accuracy will save the day regardless of the weapon you are using . Also , each play style , and some maps , call for specific weapons . You do n't want a weapon with slow reloads or small magazines in close quarters combat , nor do you want an inaccurate submachine gun on open maps where your gun will be much less effective at range.I also found that there was less of a disparity among those who play all the time and the casual player than many other multiplayer games . Unfortunately , I think this has to do with CoD4 's nature of rewarding `` camping '' players , that is players who set up ambush points and wait forever for someone to cross their paths instead of mixing it up in the firefights . CoD4 has a lot of potential choke points where a single sniper or someone with a great submachine gun and some mad skills can stave off countless attackers . That can be really frustrating , but as the maps are open and spawning appears somewhat random the tables can be easily turned on your opponent if you choose to do the same - although rewarded for doing this in the game mechanics this makes for slow , painful and often upsetting matches.CoD4 offers players `` perks '' that can be equipped and more are available for unlocking when certain levels or skill challenges are unlocked . While they do n't turn the tide of the game often they do come in handy or exceptionally frustrating depending upon the situation . At first I found these fun , but as time went on I found they would get more and more annoying as certain perks can make it harder to setup certain traps on opposing forces or make the enemy much harder to spot and kill in certain circumstances . Sometimes the perks you equip will give you an edge , but also having the wrong perk at the wrong time can be frustrating.For players with enough skills to rack up a number of enemy kills without dying -LRB- 3/5/7 in a row -RRB- there are additional perks in the form of radar , air strikes and air support -LRB- attack helicopter -RRB- that benefit the whole team . While it is frustrating not to be able to call these in yourself because you may not be the best player out there it is nice that they are an asset that the whole team can share in.All in all the multiplayer was fast and frantic most of the time with intense firefights and fast respawns and was a real blast even if I 'm not very good at it . If you have a team that likes to work together and take their time you can also enjoy team tactics setting up choke points , assaults and defensive scenarios , etc. where everyone can work together to accomplish a goal . I found that when a team was willing to work together than they could really decimate the competition but most of the time it is more free-for-all - still good and intense if a bit less effective and less rewarding.I have had a moment or two of lag but have not had the scenarios that other people have complained of where constant lag is upsetting the game play . Perhaps they have internet problems or they just play so much they see it and I do n't . If I had any complaints it is that players are n't evenly matched up , often a new player is pitted against people with a disparative skill level and that makes play frustrating and people are n't very forgiving to players of lesser skill . I guess for some people they ca n't understand that this is just a game and any `` reward '' is only what you take away from your time playing.EDIT
 Good multiplayer , not like halo more fast paced.More real also , when you shoot people , the gun behave like the real ones , no like halo where you put the eye the shot will land always , in call of duty the bullet fells more real , and if you shoot like crazy you will not kill anyone , you have to control your weapon to be able to kill people.And also the ranks do not need skill like halo , you only need to kill a lot to go up on the ranks.Guns get upgrades when you are promoted and when you get to level 55 you will have everything.Overall the game is good in the story , short only 8 hours on veteran , got almost all achievements points on one sit , but the multiplayer will keep you coming back .
 Call of Duty 4
 The single player part of this game just pulls you into the story for sure ... i would say everyone should have this in there collection of games ... because after the single player the fun do n't end there . . the multi-player part of the game is just intense as ever ... loads of fun for sure .
 Call of Duty 4 is a good game . Should you buy the game ? Yes . Will you enjoy the game ? If you like 1st person shooters , absolutly . The game is well done . I do have some gripes with the User Interface and some of the game play aspects.What I do love about the game is that it is incredibly fast paced and fun shooter . The multiplayer is a little harder to get into at first you really have to start pluggin away to earn some new guns and perks . And there is no level system so you jump right into play people with the best guns and perks . But if you plug away a little you find the guns that you really enjoy and then start having a blast . The campaign game is fun and makes you enjoy different aspects and new aspects like jumping on a mini gun and spooling up the motor to rain lead down on the enemy . Or the experience of being on the gun and raining down the big shots from the plane . And the sneaky sneaky you have to do while being a sniper , great game play elements done very well . Overall a good experience , not perfect and not a 10 out of 10 but close.What I dislike about the game is the fact that you have such a hurdle to overcome when you start playing multiplayer . It is frusterating when you cant kill people and your kills are barely there but wow look at those deaths . The User Interface -LRB- UI -RRB- is not as intuitive as some other games . When that annoying kid is screaming it takes a long time and a number of different levels to get to his Gamer Card and mute him . Also it is not as easy as other games to get to your friends list and jump into their game or invite them to play . I love to play games with my friends , the community aspect is truely what I enjoy .
 I started playing this game last night and I could n't stop . I have n't played much of the campaign yet , but the online play is spectacular . The realism is amazing ; physics are sweet . I 've been playing Halo for the past month and I forgot how much fun a realistic war game can be . I was a huge fan of COD2 , but I think that they really pushed the envelope this time . The graphics look fantastic in the online play and they somehow managed to keep it 60 fps , even with everything going on . Another cool thing about the online play is that there 's a constant rank progression . If you 've played Halo then you know that it takes a long time to see some of the higher ranks , but in COD4 you progress through the ranks continuously . I made Corporal after only about an hour playing online . Of course , the number one thing about this game is the sound effects . This is something that the makers of COD have always done well , but I think that it 's even better in this title . When you crank up the surround sound , you 'll feel the bullets wipping past your head ... SWEET!Buy this game and you wo n't regret it !!! I noticed that there was a couple of 1 star reviews on this game , but they seem to have been written by retards .
 No kidding best game I might have ever played . And I have been gaming since 8 years old I am 27 now . Have not seen teh PS3 version but this game is unbelievable . Truly breath taking graphics the game play is the most intense ever ! You will not be dissapointed . One word ... WOW !
 I really ca n't say enough good things about this game . This is the best first-person shooter I 've ever played , and one of the most unique.The most striking part of the game is its photorealism . You really must have a Hi-Def widescreen to get the full graphic experience , but even if you do n't , the graphics are still the best on any 360 game . Lighting effects , shadows , muzzle flashes , explosions , etc are all incredibly rendered.You can also assume many different combat roles just as a normal soldier could . You can take out aircraft with Stinger missles , use Javelin rockets , RPGs , M203 grenade launchers , and even control the weapons of an AC-130 gunship.The latter experience on the AC-130 , I must say , was the best part of the game . The developers obviously studied real guncamera footage just like the kind the US military releases to the media . With the black and white infrared guncamera , you can take out enemies using all the aircraft 's weapons , and that experience is so eerily realistic.Sound quality is top-notch . I played it with Dolby Digital Surround sound , and you can clearly hear your teamates moving around you , rounds impacting on the terrain and walls , etc.The only weakness of the game that I can think of is that since the environments are very elaborate , it 's sometimes difficult to determine where you are being ordered to go , and where to perform tasks such as planting explosives , etc. . But this is such a minor problem and you can always work around it if you pay attention to your compass.All said , this is in my opinion , the best COD game to date and I am very glad they got past the WWII settings . I do hope that the next COD game will take place during the Vietnam War because that 's an underrepresented setting , and I think the historical framework of the COD series is a great concept and can bring alot of awareness about what these conflicts were all about .
 This game is the best FPS available on the market today . There is non stop action , exceptional graphics and the game play can not be explained in words . Halo 3 has nothing on Call of Duty 4 ...
 I do n't write many reviews , but having just finished this game , I ca n't keep myself from not praising it . This is the real deal folks , it is one of the most entertaining war experiences ever ! You feel so alive / satisfied after completing the missions , it feels better than a movie ! Imagine `` Saving Private Ryan '' and add yourself in action . . it is that good.Pros : -- * Excellent Story line - The game lets you complete many small missions while the story builds up . * Amazing `` realistic '' weapons - If you are a fan of FPSs , you know it 's all about the weapons . And this one has the latest and the best weapons used by USMC and SAS . * Extremely intense - You will be at the edge of your seat till the end . * Amazing sounds / graphics
 It 's new and awesome
 Hello All , A bit about myself . I am 40 years old and a avid gamer . I love the miltary FPS and was a huge fan of Day of Defeat and spent hundreds of hours playing . I bought the XBOX 360 for my son and he bought Halo 3 . A very good game in itself . I bought COD4 and it is by far the best FPS I have ever played . The graphics are intense . The game play and playability is awesome . The multiplayer is great and there is virtually no lag . If you are goign to bu one game this year buy this game . Thsi will not come out of my drive for a very very long time .
 This game drops you right in the action . After a brief tutorial ... it drops you right in the middle of the action . You hardly have time to really grasp the controls and figure out what 's going on before your having grenades lobbed at your head.The graphics are incredible and the level shown on the trailers -LRB- the one where he 's in a guillie suite -RRB- is out of control . This game puts you right in the middle of a true to life war with realistic AI.The way that your squad moves inside buildings , with a systematic way of clearing every room and hallway on a floor before moving on is almost too real.Not enough good things can be said about this game ... so I 'll stop trying . Pick it up if you have n't already . You wo n't regret it .
 Infinity Ward 's fourth game to their widely successful WWII franchise Call of Duty . But unlike pervious installments the company decided to jump 60 years into the present focusing on modern day warfare . In the single playe campaign you play the role of a British SAS and a U.S Marine struggling against Russian Nationalist and a Dictatorist Middle Eastern Nation . It 's a very fun experience because the different variety in campaign mode , whether it 's playing your typical FPS , manning a mini gun on a Helicoper , blasting and shoot people on a AC-130 air support , ordering air support yourself to help clear a path from overwhelming enemies or stealthly sneaking through a mission and sniping a targeted suspect . The only problem with campagin mode is that its short , about 5-7 hours , so you can probably beat it within a day , however there is harder difficulties to try out and replay the levels . Other that the meat of the Call of Duty 4 is Online Multiplaying which makes this game a must have if you have X-Box live .
 This game is worth buying . After you play this game you will not be able to play any other FPS games again . Compared to COD4 the games are slow and blurry . This game is a must have .
 I 'll focus this on the single player campaign , since I do n't have XBox Live and do n't play much online anyway.Overall , the game is truly excellent . I have n't been so completely absorbed and enamored by an FPS game since the original Halo first came out . The graphics are among the best , if not THE best , of any game out there . The pacing of the game is fast and furious , with enemies popping out everywhere , grenades raining down constantly -LRB- giving you mere seconds to dive out of the way or throw them back -RRB- , your AI teammates yelling back and forth , and objectives you must race to accomplish in minutes . The way in which the story progresses is absolutely engrossing . Although the story itself is pretty much along the lines of your run of the mill Tom Clancy game scenario , it is presented and told in a manner that makes you really feel like you are a part of what 's going on , and really makes you care about the characters involved.There are a few levels that add variety to the gameplay , such as a level where you covertly sneak behind enemy lines as a sniper to assassinate one particular bad guy . Another one puts you in the role of a gunner on an AC-130 Spectre , providing air support to your normal character 's team on the ground.The only real gripe I have with the single player game is that it is too short . While I loved every minute it lasted , it just did n't last long enough , and it feels a bit incomplete as a result . I suspect that the campaign was originally intended to be longer . For example , the main villains in the story are called `` the Four Horsemen . '' However , you only end up dealing with three , and the fourth one is never shown or even mentioned . Obviously there 's a story gap there . I 'd advise experience FPS players to play the game on at least the ` Hardened ' difficulty level . This makes the game considerably challenging , but also adds some much needed longevity to the campaign.A technical issue I have with the story is that the portrayal of USMC Force Recon is not accurate . Force Recon is a covert spec ops type unit along the same lines as Navy Seals and the British SAS . However , the game 's Force Recon levels have the Force Recon Marines kitted up like regular infanry , and participating in large unit full scale mechanized assaults that would really be tasked to regular infantry . Also , the ranking structure of the Force Recon unit is not accurate . Recon platoon commanders are Captains rather than Lieutenants , as the game portrays . And I do n't think that lower ranks like Private or PFC are even allowed in Force Recon units . Yeah I know this stuff may seem like nitpicking , but one of the trademarks of the COD series is its historical/technical accuracy . And unfortunately , for anyone familiar with Marine Corps units the portrayal of Force Recon in COD4 will just ring false . Having a brother and a few close personal friends who 've served in the Force Recon community , I have a bit of a soft spot for them and would 've liked to see them portrayed more accurately.Nevertheless , COD4 is an amazing game that belongs at the top of the list for any FPS lover .
 A good game . It keeps you entertained well , for a time . While it is better than Call of Duty 3 , it still does not live up to the bar Call of Duty 2 set . But that is a very hard accomplishment to fulfill . Rent before you buy .
 I beat this game the first day i had it on the PC.Infinity ward did an amazing job on this game my gamer rig i built maxed out the settings and it looked amazing and the action was just as amazing I was totally immersed in the game and people had to yell to get my attention.Act 2 was my favorite and the sniper missions were just awesome the thing i did n't like was the dogs always surprised me so they killed me quiet a few times but they added a little more excitement . The thing that really annoyed me though was the endless stream of enemies ... you kill a bunch of enemies on the roof top and a bunch more take their place and the only way for them to stop coming was to advance to their position and they would stop appearing . Besides that i think the game was almost perfect though i think it could be a little longer .
 I dont normally wright reviews but i felt i needed to for this game . Let me just start by saying that this game is truly amazing and crosses the line of good to greatness . the graphics are amazing , i have booth the ps3 version and the 360 version of this game and i have to say the 360 is the one to own becuse of the 60fps that this puppy runs at . the online is soooooo much better than Halo 3 and the campaig is better too . just buy this game please .
 If your into shooters then this is a game you ca n't miss out on . The leveling system as well as the weapons are perfect and then you get little perks or power ups if you will that add so much to the game . Do n't miss out on this game , its perfect !
 I want to keep this as short and sweet as possible ... overall this game is extremely fun , graphics are amazing , single player is exceptionally difficult on veteran -LRB- mile high club >=[ -RRB- which keeps the player wanting to strive for the finish , and online play is equally fun if not better!The only drawback to this game is that online gets very repetative , infinity ward needs to create new maps and change the spawn points ... thats probably the most aggrivating thing about it but overall it is definately worth buying ! Happy Gaming !
 im in the military , and a marine , i say this because you do play as a marine and the cammies let alone are just awsome . not to mention the guns . we sit around and play it in the barraks linked up . i would recommend this to anyone that likes shooter games .
 If you like first person shooters , this is the game for you . End of story.Great graphics . Great campaign . It has an online multiplayer that rivals halo 3 ... and I love halo !
 Single player campaign is somewhat short but there are lots of neat things to do and more strategy is involved . Multiplayer is a complete mind-blowing addition . I HATE playing online against people I do n't know because usually they 've played longer and are better than me ... but this game is different ... through upgrades and user created soldier classes you can take the battle online with a reasonable chance of taking out some of the better players ... and it 's fun ! Too many modes to count , but they are all different and offer exciting challenges . Amazing graphics and environments , simply top notch in every facet of the game . You ca n't go wrong with this game ... A MUST BUY . Continues the Call of Duty legacy of excellence .
 This game would have been game of the year -LRB- GI Magazine , and most likely most others -RRB- if it were n't for Bioshock . Bioshock is an amazing game , but there is no multiplayer , which puts it in a diff . category in my book . COD4 is the best game for Xbox 360 I 've played to date . The single player is fast and action packed , it ends up being a little short , but that 's the trend with Xbox 360 -LRB- HD games packed on DVD-9 , glad I have a PS3 -RRB- . The multiplayer is the only acceptable online FPS right now , and is fantastic . I recommend the PS3 version if you want Full HD over HDMI -LRB- Ignoring Xbox 360 elite , Microsoft ... -RRB- . Pros - Fast , intense single player . - Insane multiplayer -LRB- again , best FPS to date -RRB- Cons - Short single player - Online maps are random/predetermined -LRB- seems to always pick same maps , and people leave on maps that I would consider the best because there are no tricks/BS to exploits -RRB- - Lag problems are everyday , 1 in 5 games -LRB- My personal latency to over 100 test servers around the globe is usually under 150ms , in the U.S. avg . < 50ms latency . So , Yes , it is XBL and COD4 servers not getting hosts and player lag under control -RRB- Bottom Line
 The newest iteration of COD is a fast paced near future campaign . The story mode has you playing as two characters , one British and one American . The story is well paced and has some great moments
 Unbelievable , among the greatest shooters I 've ever played , hands-down . Great graphics , great mix of realism and arcadey gameplay .
 There are so many glowing reviews in here that I 'm almost sure that the marketing team for COD4 wrote them all . I this title is good , not great . What stands out in COD4 is the amazing graphics detail displayed on the environment . In contrast , the character models definitely need a lot more polys , which can be seen as you watch your team stack up to open a house door that should look much more detailed too . I like how tight the controls feel , with fluid movements as you look around in search of the enemy , but I totally hate the gun fire sound effect . When engaged in a fire fight , the machine gun fire sounds like everybody is banging on zinc roofing planks all around you . I think it 's about time that Infinity Ward graduated the COD series to REAL gun fire sound effects and REAL looking and sounding granade explosions . I recommend this game at a purchase price of $ 40 . If you buy it at $ 60 , you 're a tool .
 I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves shootem games . This is one of the most fun games i hav eplayed . I will actually put it on the level of Gears Of War , and i dont do that to many games .
 I 've played many first person shooters and this one holds its own without question . Not a bunch of puzzles , just good guys and bad guys . The graphics are great , the action intense , enemies plentiful and situations harrowing . Lots of great firefights , RPGs , helicoptering , truckchasing action . The game was too short as some here have mentioned . I think that 's a pretty big reflection on how badly people who play this game want to play MORE OF IT !! Truly a must have for the serious fps fan .
 What a year to have a 360 ! I have been gaming for 25 years and never has there been so many A level games released back to back . This is the most realistic FP simulation to date , and there have been some great games this year already . It is almost like you are looking through a camera at times . I have never seen such realism in a game . Some of the single player chapters are worth the price of the game alone they are so well produced . You can tell that the emphasis is on emersion and not on quantity , fine with me as I do n't have so many hours a week to put in . The transitions between chapters are fast and down to businesses . The pacing of the game is non stop . You drop in , move out , and hold on.I might also point out the the matching in multiplayer is very fast . Faster then Halo 3 . Also , I am still getting owned in Halo 3 multiplayer , but here things are more balanced . Lack of knowledge of the levels and where to find weapons is not such a big deal . When you are killed you get a kill cam that shows you from the other players perspective what transpired . It is a great add . In Halo you can be dead instantly , what , how , ... The experience here is much more positive for casual gamers .
 Up front , let me say this . I am not a `` hardcore '' gamer , and for the most part I stick to FPS games . But all the same , this game is truly far beyond anything I 've played , including Bioshock and Halo 3 and every WWII FPS I 've played . The graphics are far beyond even Bioshock , the story-lines are generally short but much more compelling than Halo 3 could ever pretend to be , and the battle-simulation is far more convincing than any of the other games I 've tried . I have to admit , after the first mission I was breathing more quickly and my heart was racing . No other game has ever elicited that sort of response.Sorry to disappoint all the fan boys out there , but this game smacks down Halo 3 and even Bioshock in about every meaningful way
 Ok , Now I know that people are absolutely apesh ** over Halo 3 , and good for you ! But , If you want a game that is EXTREMELY realistic , VERY intense , and from a series that has been around for a while , then this is the game for you . From the extremely immersing multi player mode -LRB- which works almost like an RPG -RRB- to the very in depth , edge of your seat single player mode , this game has it all . HALO FANS BE WARNED
 I must say , this is the best FPS . Ever . I was VERY dissapointed with halo 3 , after all the hype it got , it was just another fps with shiney grahpics and boring gameplay . But cd4 , this is the fps you MUST have . The graphics are AWESOME . The tatics , the battles ... amazing . This game was more battlefeildish for me than it was call of duty , But i love the change . So , if you are thinking about buying halo 3 , RENT It and buy this
 This is a review about the multiplayer . After all this is why most of us bought this game . After having been a part of the Beta Test on the 360 I can tell you that this is without a doubt the best multiplayer experience I 've ever had on any console be it 360 , PC or PS3 . It 's fantastic folks and it 's the reason multiplayer was invented so we could get games like this.First the basics . This is a military shooter . But where this stands apart from all the shooters out on the market right now is that it 's one of the first to take the battlefield into the Middle East and modern day hence it 's name . This is something a lot of us have longed for . No longer are we fighting Nazis we are now fighting Terrorists . And the game is better for it . Not that I did not enjoy the WWII epics that have come down the pike but this is without a doubt a refreshing change of pace and really amps up the magnitude of intensity and really puts a refreshing spin on the series.The graphics . You will be hard pressed to find a better looking FPS right now except per say Bioshock . But we are talking about realism and a military shooter here and this is where Call Of Duty 4 really just explodes with eye candy . You will feel like you are in the locations you are fighting . This is the best looking game I 've seen period when it comes to realism . Infinity Ward did a bang up job and your jaw will be on the floor.The single player mission is no walk in the park either . Play it on Veteran . While this is a great aspect to the game it 's short lived and that 's OK . Think of the single player experience as your basic training for the multiplayer . It 's worth playing through and the story is really tight.The bottom line is that multi console owners can rejoice because there is a game across the board that shines on any of the systems you own and this is without a doubt one of the best games for the dollar . Do n't even fret about picking this up if you are into FPS as this is one of the best ones to date and has raised the bar on what a good military FPS is all about.Enjoy !
 this is an awesome game single player is a blast and multi is fun too great entertainment dont listen when the battlefield fanboys rag on it
 I have really enjoyed playing this game and am looking forward to the next one already . Bought this for my son , and from this vast collection , this is truly my favorite . Well balanced , not too graphic , and overall just well put together . Very addictive though .
 Great game ! The multiplayer is very simple and balanced , while still being extremely fun and very addicting . Single player is fun , but as with all call of duty games , everyone buys for the multiplayer . This game is in opinion the best multiplayer game so far !
 I bought this game for my son because his friends in another city had the game and the xbox live online . He wanted to be able to play with his friends who had moved to other cities . I was not disappointed . Good graphics , choices of weapons are abundant , and pretty close to realism . I was U.S. Army for 20 years , in different types of combat siuations and places , and I can tell you for the most part , the game is strong military shooter . The names are changed , but the weapons and places are replicas of the real thing .
 Seeing as the microsoft wheel is now not avalible -LRB- produced by microsoft -RRB- and microsoft pushed logitech out of the xbox market -LRB- this wheel is not produced any more -RRB- then that only leaves the three hundred dollar wheel or the extremly not recomended mad catz wheel if you want new . This wheel then has to be picked up used -LRB- dont be afraid of this word -RRB- . I got mine for -LSB- ... -RSB- and it is by far the best purchase I have made for my xbox . This wheel is all around very good and is very precise and all the controles are where you would expect them . It has a nice feel and is very easy to mount to any surface . This wheel when mounted right will not move at all and is not going to slide around ever . So this is by far the best for me and would be to you if you dont mind these draw backs . The wheel feels to small in diameter to be used to its full . This then makes it very touchy to drive in games and even on its leasted sensitive seting it is still a little quick . The paddle shifters are more like buttons and not paddles . The foot pedals seem to move around way to much and reqiures somthing behinde them to hold them in place -LRB- brick or fat cat -RRB- . Other thing that would be nice but are not avalible on almost all wheels would be software for the wheel to get all the settings perfect and a way to make them not have as much gear drive noise . But any ways all around good wheel and is easily perfected if given a little practice .
 I have been able to try this wheel only on one game , NFS Most Wanted , but from what I can tell , this is an excellent wheel . All buttons from the normal controller are on this wheel , as is the directional pad . There are paddle shifters behind the wheel , but those function the same as the LB and RB buttons , so I ca n't use them to shift . There is one problem that really bugs me though ; that is , there is no right thumbstick or an equivalent so I ca n't move the cursor around a map or move the camera around a car when I want . I have to wait for the automatic rotation , and then I ca n't see the roof , which bugs me . I 'm considering getting the normal controller as well because of this reason.However , for reliability , this wheel has so far been excellent . The cars go where I tell them and there is no uncertainty in the wheel as to degree of input . Another neat feature is that there are apparently four different sensitivities , ranging from mild to extra-sensitive . I was wary at first as past experiences have not been good with wheels , but so far , this one has been excellent.Update 4-10-2010I continued to use this wheel through NFS ProStreet and Undercover , though I did n't use it through Carbon , and it has sadly gone off center . I do not blame the quality of the wheel for its failure , just my overly-enthusiastic driving . I contacted Logitech about the off-center problem after a failed attempt to repair the wheel myself and was informed that they would have to replace it and to send them the receipt . I could n't do this as I purchased a used wheel and was n't given a receipt . As a result , I have ordered the Microsoft `` wireless '' wheel as a last attempt to use a wheel to drive . If that one fails too , I will have to abandon steering wheels . My advice to anyone purchasing a wheel
 I 've been debating on buying a wheel for a long time , finally settled on this onebecause its backwards compatiable . It do n't work as well as I thought it would fornfs under ground 2 , most wanted and carbon as I hope it would.It works very well with burnout takedown , revenge , paradise city and midnight club l.a. . The wheel works extremly well with dirt 2 but not with the original dirt.The main reason I only gave 4 stars is because the force feedback is a little weak . The fact that it is n't lap friendly was not a issue I made a frame to mount it on , and it works very well.I would recomened this wheel if you enjoy racing games
 Easy to set up . Sturdy and well built , does not feel flimbsy . Easy single button calibration . Force feedback works great . Works perfect with Forza 2 . After using for a couple of months now . only issue I have is that I cant seem to get my headsets to release from the steering wheel port without pliers ... its crazy . The port is set so far in my fingers -LRB- I dont have big hands -RRB- cant get enough grip to pull them out . They are pretty much permanetly attatched .
 I bought this for my husband and he ca n't stop playing it . He tells everyone how awesome it is . I would definately recommend this item .
 I tried this Wheel with at least two different games and I just obtain more victories than without it , maybe it just so realistic feeling that I get an improvement in all games .
 This is my review for the Xbox 360 Logitech DriveFX Axial Feedback Wheel ! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ` Pros ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' + Grip is very nice , really lets you hold the wheel with no slipping + Force Feedback , is really nice . when you hit the wall and start sliding it really pulls the wheel back the other way -LRB- like the ones at the arcade -RRB- + Button placement is nice -LRB- guide , ABXY , ext. -RRB- . + Nice design , look , and feel . + Pedals have a nice feel , Stiff enough for you to easily hit the right pressure . + Built in Headset connection -LRB- plug your Headset right into the steering wheel -RRB- . ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ` Other ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' > Motor 's for the Force Feedback could be stronger > Cords there are 3 of them -LRB- pedals , USB , and power cord -RRB- kinda makes a cord hassle but its ok . > No stick shifter , only the paddles on back side of the wheel which is n't all bad ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ` Cons , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' , ' - Brake and Gas pedal have same feel . I would of like the brake stiffer then the gas . - Wireless , should have been , would have eliminated 1 cord . . but im not concerned ... Ok over all , this is a great wheel , Though i cant compare it to the MS wheel because i have n't used it ... I played the DiRT , Forza 2 demos , and Test Drive Unlimited ... . TDU handled great with the wheel -LRB- Bikes not so easy though -RRB- , Forza 2 took some getting used to but i got the hang of it . DiRT how ever . . was alot harder . . lol got the hang of it after awhile but much practice will be need to perfect it . . so here is my breakdown.Handling = 9.0 Feel/Look/Design = 9.5 Force Feedback = 8.5 Features = 9.5 Overall 9.1 !!!! This is a Great wheel , if your looking for something that is under the price of the MS wireless wheel , this this is the one you want . Just remember to hit the Black button on the wheel to adjust the sensitivity .
 Having used Logitech wheels on the PS2 to play Gran Turismo for years , I was hoping that Logitech would introduce a wheel for the xbox360 . They have , and this is THE ONLY wheel that works with every racing game on this platform and I highly recommend it ! I bought the new Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel , used it for 4 hours , and then returned it and bought this wheel . Had I taken some time to do some research and find out that Logitech had released this wheel I would have bough it first !
 I have been playing Project Gotham Racing 3 since it came out , using the regular controller . I received this for Christmas , and let me tell you , it makes the experience a whole lot more realistic . Especially when you change the view to the cockpit of the car . When racing with my son , we love the Brooklyn Bridge races , and it is too cool feeling the expansion joints of the bridge through the wheel as you are tearing across at 200 MPG . Setup is easy , as long as you have an open A/C outlet near by . Two issues though . First , you need some type of lap desk to clamp it to . I put together a quick one using some scrap 1X4 lumber and that works OK . Second , the foot controls slide around carpeted flooring . You constantly have to move them back into place . Other than these , it is one of the best wheels around . And a great price , too !
 The Logitech DriveFX wheel is perfect for backwards compatible games and Xbox 360 games which were not designed with the Microsoft wheel in mind like Ridge Racer 6 , Import Tuner Challenge , and Burnout Revenge.The Microsoft wheel does work with backwards compatible games , but Forza 1 is the only one I have played that works well . The steering sensitivity can not currently be adjusted on the Microsoft wheel , so unless the game has in-game sensitivity adjustments , the steering will be awkward . Also , the force-feedback effects do not work with backwards compatible games or 360 games not designed for it.The Logitech DriveFX wheel 's sensitivity can be adjusted -- I think it has four settings , even though the manual states it only has two , and it produces simulated-force-feedback effects . The simulated-force-feedback works very well , especially for Forza 1 and Rallisport Challenge . I remember that some games like Colin McRae 04 were practically unplayable with the Microsoft wheel , but worked fine after adjusting the Logitech wheel.Xbox 360 games which were not designed with the Microsoft wheel in mind like Ridge Racer 6 , Import Tuner Challenge , and Burnout Revenge , also work much better with the Logitech wheel . Unfortunately , Full Auto does not work with either wheel .
 First and foremost I have to say that if you 're looking for an easier way to race , a steering wheel may not be what you 're looking for . I bought this steering wheel as my first ever videogame steering wheel so I could experience a more realistic driving experience with Forza Motorsport 2 . It takes a lot of getting used to . I mean you 're going from using your thumbs and trigger fingers to using an entirely new control setup ! I spun out in a few time trial practices , but I 'm still in love with the wheel . I got mine for $ 47 . I know there are a lot of chords -LRB- 1 AC plug , 1 from the pedals to the wheel , and 1 from the wheel to the Xbox -RRB- however all the chords are long enough -LRB- or can be twisty tied to shorten -RRB- and they seem pretty durable . The controller itself has a good feel to it , the forcefeedback is very cool , every uneven bump you see coming you 'll feel instantly , the pedals could be a little more heavy duty but they 're okay and mine stay planted pretty well on carpet if I push it down a little bit into the carpet . With all that being said I 'd rather have a fluidly responding chorded steering wheel than a wireless one -LRB- for more than double the price -RRB- that has wireless LAG or calibration issues ! -LRB- look at the wireless microsoft steering wheel reviews -RRB- Okay so It 's not the easiest way to race , but it 's such a fun challenge to harness !! The first time I got the racing physics nailed and I pushed the pedal down through a straightaway for the 1st place win , I knew I was hooked . YES it takes practice , yes each game has different feels to them , EVEN each CAR in EACH game will feel different , that 's why I keep repeating the fact that this and any other steering wheel is for a more realistic and exciting experience , not an easier way to win . I have yet to play split screen multiplayer but at the price -LRB- $ 47 -RRB- I think I 'll convince a friend or two to buy one so we can race head to head ! It is so much fun . I hope this helps convince you that you should try it ! In all my years of gran turismo and need for speed games , I wish I would 've purchased a steering wheel a lot earlier !!!!
 I have always been happy with Logitech wheels , and this one is no exception . This is my third Logitech wheel , after the original MOMO Racing FF wheel with the metal shaft paddles for the PC and the Driving Force Pro for the PS2 . I find the use of steering wheels a much more realistic gaming and driving experience . The feel is this wheel is similar to the Driving Force Pro , and not as solid as the MOMO Racing FF Wheel . It is very good value for $ 60 -LRB- after rebate -RRB- . For those that complain about having to secure the wheel to something solid , make the investment on a cockpit . I 'm using the Virtual Racing Chassis from Bob Earl Racing http://www.bobearlracing.com/ . It is very solid and widely adjustable . Not problem fitting me -LRB- i 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- and my 8-year-old son .
 I bought this product when it was $ 58 after MIR and for the price this is a great product . It works very well with Forza Motorsport 2 and I 've been able to keep my lap times pretty consistent with the controller . Please note that this wheel is not designed to be used on your lap . You need to clamp this down to a table to really use it . The force feedback or rumble is not as strong as the MS wheel but it is very accurate and provides a realistic feel . The wheel itself is built very solid and so far seems pretty reliable . However , the foot pedals are pretty flimsy and I would n't suggest using shoes when using this product as they will probably break the pedals . Overall I 'm very happy of this purchase .
 I did a lot of reading of opinions about the different wheels available for the 360 . I decided to try this one because of the price and free shipping . It is a very good wheel . The feedback is really good , and with very little practice you can overcome the oversteer issues . I know that one of the very expensive wheels is even better , but you would have to spend more than twice this price . For the money is a good mid-grade wheel .
 I had bought this wheel in late March of 2007 and have used it for at least 1000hrs over those years and to this day it still amazes me as it has held up to me drifting -LRB- throwing the from back to forth -RRB- with the feedback on . Which is by far the best force feedback function I 've experienced in a wheel besides the real thing . My only real problem with this product is the rear shifters on the wheel , which unlike the real thing the buttons move with the wheel -LRB- which have a slight delay in one that started a while ago -RRB- , but the front buttons still work fine . Pedals are good , but have very little natural resistence and for me slightly too close together . I have since rigged it to a homemade canopy for a precise height , but this thing is a resilient piece maufacturing . If you can find one of these anymore I would recommend it highly over the Microsoft versions 10 fold .
 A Surprisingly Good Game!I tend to find myself unable to stay away from games that were originally big blockbuster movies . Games like Catwoman , Batman Begins , Spiderman , etc. . The Bee Movie game is a direct tie-in with the animated movie.It was only fourteen bucks on Amazon , so i just could n't help but feel pulled into this impulse purchase . I am not gon na go into specifics of the game . But if you enjoy Mario & Crash Bandicoot games , this will be right up your alley . The graphics and visuals of the game are excellent and you feel immersed in the world of Barry Benson -LRB- Jerry Seinfeld -RRB- . You literally feel transported into his world.Pick this up & add it to your library as it 's a great title to have .
 it arrived safely and was enjoyed - thanks so much and sorry for the delay in confirmation . thanks so much
 I loved the movie quality graphics and the ease with which they learned to play the game . Very entertaining all the way around .
 My 4 yr old loves this game ! Needed my help on a few levels but overall great game ! Would recommend purchasing
 I needed this product on a timely basis so very happy with the fast service in which I received it and happy with the game . it was a gift and when it was opened the response was ` this is the greatest game ever ' !
 My 6 year old granddaughter loves playing this game . She loved the movie which is why she wanted this game .
 A very good game for children my granddaughter just loved this game I would buy from this person or company again
 This is the funnest xbox game I have ever played . If you have n't played it and you have an xbox 360 you need to play it . It is so much fun !!!
 This is a game that on the outside looks like any other driving game . All I can say is that this game is a complete addiction . I 'm having flashbacks of the early days of the Nintendo Entertainment System when my wife worked 2nd shift and I would play Super Mario Bros for hours on end . That was 15 or so years ago and hate to say it , but this game has the same potential to do the same thing that NES did to me ... BAD but this game is NUTS !! I LOVE IT !!! Do n't hesitate ... Just get this one and enjoy . DiRT is the BEST offroad racing game that I 've played . EVER ! PERIOD !
 I have not yet finished this game , but if you 're interested in buying this game , I 'm here to tell you you wo n't regret your purchase overall . I find the game easily manageable for all ages , 'cause simply you can ramp up/down the difficulty level at any point in the game , the difference is you win more money in the more challenging difficulty in order to buy more vehicles as you move up in your career mode . Nice touch ! If you enjoyed Motorstorm , this game ranks up there in about the same level of excitement , although , I found Motorstorm a technically more advance IP in terms of graphics and better handdling of vehicles in their terrains . I wo n't go into detail with this review , but Dirt is a well-rounded game for the PS3 as this little franchise has been in pretty much all the consoles , including the Dreamcast . This latest version , includes fantastic graphics with hardly any slow-down , or frame-rate issues , tracks aplenty -LRB- 3x more than Motorstorm -RRB- , and decent controls for an enjoyable package . In a few days Sega Rally Revolution will be hitting the shelves very soon , and with Motorstorm released a few months back , PS3 is starting to beef up its racing portfolio . All great games for everybody . Enjoy .
 Quite simply
 This is a great game . I bought this as a gift for my husband , but after watching him play for a while , I started playing it too . The graphics are good and the loading screen shows all of your stats . The races are good too , but somewhat difficult . The stats range from your fastest lap , to your favorite car , to how many times you 've flipped the car over . This is a really great game that I highly recommend to anyone that likes racing games .
 I am into simulations both in games and professionally in physics ; and while I can see some aspects of how they try to ensure the driving is not too difficult or frustrating it is still an extremely detailed and accurate simulation of a Rally driving experience . I am especially amazed by how much realism they put into the interaction between the vehicle and the surround obstacles in the environment like bushes , trees , guard rails , roadsigns , fences , rocks , logs , and any other debris on or around the track . That includes bits and pieces of other cars that sustain damage during the race . I mention the damage modeling here almost as an aside but the only word to describe the detail and depth of the accurate simulation here is Awesome . You have to see it to believe it - I would recommend this game to any driving sim enthusiast .
 I play a LOT of simulation style racing games . This game is one of the top three for consoles
 Dirt was one of the best racing games I 've ever played , its by far the best Rally game I 've ever played ... For all Gran Turismo lovers , this is one you might want to pick up . The graphics are incredible , the racing physics are excellent , and the car damage system is awesome . I highly recommend this game to any and all racing lovers . ENJOY !! -LRB- I sure did . . -RRB-
 Being a born again fan of racing games thanks largly to the ps3 's sixaxis controler and it 's steering wheel sensors , I went on a quest for the best racing game avalible for my shiny new ps3 . I can honestly say that I did n't buy a bad game out there , then I saw Dirt and decided to try it . To my immediate disapointment there was NO motion sensor option for the controls . Feeling let down I pressed on ahead only to find I needed a spatula to get my jaw off the floor.The graphics in this game are by far the closest you will get to the thrill of piloting a front wheel drive hatchback down a hair pin turned road in Gremany , Japan , or wherever else . Multi views , excellent replays , and scenery you need a harness to keep from watching while driving makes this game a real work of art.The meat of the game comes from career mode . Here you go through a whole galaxy of events from time trials , match racing , off road derbys , and hill climbs to win money and points to unlock events . One very nice feature of this is that you can set the difficulty for each event . So if you do good on hill climbs but not on time trials , then you can up the difficulty and win more money which in turn buys more cars . There is also no shortage of tracks in this game which means pretty much every drive I 've had so far has been a new experiance each time.Over all , hands down , I would have to give this game my personal recomendation to anyone who 's looking for a game with looks as well as substance . It 's very very pretty .
 This game is awsome . It lacks more cars as it only has about 50 of them . It has a fair ammount of tracks and they are masterfully designed . It has a few city street tracks but are more town-like . The damage system is awsome , the statistics recording system is great as it tells you all your data -LRB- longest jump , longest time on two wheels , total kms played , total time raced , etc -RRB- and the fact that there are world records set for every track makes you want to practice to beat it xD . This game is a must-have for ps3 and 360 users . Too bad about Colin though : ' -LRB-
 I second all the good reviews on this game . I 'm addicted to it and enjoying the challenge it is offering at every stage of the game . Complete justice to modern Hi-Def video games . Supports up to HD 1080p . High quality graphics . Dolby digital audio for the best sound experience.It takes a little practice for the beginners to get the handle on drifting . Once you master it , it is lot of fun.Don ' t have money to buy a real expensive race cars ? Do n't worry , this game will help you buy and drive the virtual ones :-RRB- There are plenty of awesome looking vehicles.Total entertainment . Very satisfied .
 This is the best rally game I ever played . The career mode is very similar than previous version -LRB- Colin Mc Rae sagas -RRB- although time , the driving experience feels more real than ever . The graphics and sound are excellent and your oponents -LRB- new in this game -RRB- make the racing experience more aggressive . I highly recommend this racing game for those gamers that like rally driving experience .
 &Eacute;ste juego tiene muy buenos gr&aacute;ficos y acci&oacute;n , es bastante bueno , los da & ntilde ; os de los carros son muy reales . . mi &uacute;nica queja es que no tiene opci&oacute;n para vibraci&oacute;n del control y realmente hace mucha falta , ya que en ocaciones cuando vas en una carrera y se ve el carro saltando o en los choques hace falta esa sensaci&oacute;n de peso que da la vibraci&oacute;n , en ocaciones se siente como que el carro va en el aire debido a eso . .
 This is the most fun I have had with Dirt since I was a little kid.The game is fairly easy to get started , yet challenges me.I wish I had a wheel setup .
 The latest installment in the Colin McRea series , DIRT puts you behind the wheel of some great cars and allows competition with others over the internet . Nice graphics and decent control of the vehicles.Dirt
 I bought Dirt inted of Dirt 2 because of the reviews of it . But I think I did n't to the right thing . The graphics quality is very very poor , especially if you have seen dirt 2 . and to it get worse , after buying this I realized that is descontinued.if you can , buy dirt 2 , not this one .
 I bought this game after playing the demo for it , Dirt 2 , and Sega Revo Rally . Of the three , I found the Dirt Demo the most fun . I 'm very happy with my purchase , the career mode is fun with the different types of events , and the rally championships are a challenge . I think the skill level might be a bit too easy - I 'm playing at the Pro Am level -LRB- the second hardest -RRB- and I win most events without too much difficulty.I feel the graphics are n't as good as Dirt 2 , but the game play is engaging and there 's not a lot of extra `` fluff '' as found in Dirt 2 . Just good fun racing .
 After stumbling across a YouTube video of someone racing in a Playseats chair with a Logitech G25 mounted on it , I had no choice but to order the same setup . I gave up on my previous idea of tracking down a Wii and decided to go the PS3 virtual racing route . Then it was time to pick out a game that would do the seat and wheel system some justice . I considered getting the old PS2 classic , Gran Turismo 4 , but quickly chose Dirt after reading the reviews.After setting up my racing chair and wheel , I fired up Dirt , expectations running high . The level of realism and control impressed me right away . I cranked up the Force Feedback in the game options -LRB- near maximum -RRB- and liked the extra `` weight '' in the wheel . The metal shifters built into the wheel on the Logitech G25 are great , but there is apparently no way to utilize the system 's `` standard '' 6-speed gear shifters in Dirt . It 's a shame , but not a deal breaker . It was easy to get the hang of using the clutch pedal as a brake and shifting with the steering wheel shifters.Overall , Dirt is an amazing game with a ton of variety and plenty of incentive to keep you playing for a long time -LRB- i.e. Career Mode and online play -RRB- . From riceburners to semi trucks , paved tracks to remote deserts ... The game keeps you on your toes . One notable feature is that vehicles , trees , railings , etc. can be pushed , bent , and moved around . Highly recommended overall , especially with the seat and wheel setup -LRB- and a huge HDTV -RRB- -- if you can swing it ! 4.5 stars would be appropriate , but I 'll round up to 5 for the sheer fun factor when Dirt is played in the correct setting .
 I enjoy most driving games , but Dirt has to be one of my new favorites . The driving characteristics of each car are completely different , and with the tweaking you can do it helps bring it you to the next level . The graphics and damage is incredible ! The online connection adds even more to the game by giving you information of other people completing the career mode and of course you can drive against people online . If you like driving games and enjoy being able to dial your car in for each track , this is the game for you .
 This game strikes a good balance between realistic driving simulation and fun driving that everyone can do it . Its pretty much an evolution of the Colin McRae game . Compared to Sega Rally Revo , this is much better with more realistic driving characteristics . Many different views you can view when driving the car . My favourite is the in-car view where its very realistic , with the RPM , drivers hand position etc. . If you like driving simulation , this is a recommended game to get .
 bought this game many years ago and i still love true blue rally racing and trophy trucks/buggies racing , graphics for its time were to say the least amazing love this game still play it regurly
 Product was as described and advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied with my purchase , Price was good
 i really love the game got the g27 for it and it works great with the game its really fun to play
 this is a fun game that has provided me with endless hours of fun . for those parents out there that are worried about violence in video games , this one is just fine for the little ones .
 My Xbox died of 3RL thus I sold the games and bought a PS3 . This is the only game I bought again for the PS3 because it is great . The PS3 version is a little better , indeed , as told by the reviewers on the net . The float felling is still there , though , but it gets way better on the Dirt 2 . Although old -LRB- ! -RRB- , it is still a great game with amazing landscapes.Recommended . Again !
 This game is my favorite . For as long as I 've had it , I have played it for hours at a time . So much vehicle variety . My favorite are the rally and hill climb races but everything else is still great . Basically , if you want a good off road racing game , this does n't disappoint . Get it !
 Now I know I am really a good driver . It should be used for DMV / insurance purposes to distinguish good from bad seed . LOL , but true .
 Very good game , but some of the single mode courses repeat in style and become a boring task . Overall though the multi-player course make the game worthwild with the challenges and graphics , which are great .
 Just like driving Baja and other Off road courses and vehicles with some hard surface tracks .
 I have n't finished the game yet , but so far , the game has been very fun to play and exceeds my expectation . This is the reason I purchased me PS3 and I 'm not regretting 1 penny of it.This is the first ps3 game I 've purchased . It 's very easy to navigate . The driving is fun . I 've downloaded the demo version of Juiced , and DiRT surpasses that game by far.The thing I like most about this game is that I loved playing the rally portions of GT4 , but felt it did n't have enough rally courses available . For those that like drifting and rallies in general , this is the game for you !
 Dirt brings those crazy European rally races into your entertainment room . The way that the game makers allow the cars behave on the real-as-life dirt tracks is remarkable . This is probably the first driving game that has actually made me pay for my driving errors . When ever nick a corner or fish tail into a barrier it effects the performance of my car and I 'll end up having to dish out money after the race to fix it . Anyway it is flippin sweet !
 Great game if you love rally . Realistic graphics and handling , the lighting and background detail on the PS3 is a lot better than the 360 . I think of motorstorm as more of a kid-fun boost until you blow-up kind of game , where as DiRT is a true rally enthusiast game with realistic damage.The only problem i have with this game is no multiplayer . I want to play with the person sitting next to me , not online , but all the new games seem to be that way .
 I 'm not one for video games , but this one is pretty fun . The graphics are done very well as does the realism of the driving , for using a game controller . As others have said , a steering wheel would help . It is hard to take turns properly with the PS3 controller since with the controller , you are either full throttle or not . I 've tried playing online , but those who have steering wheels will always win . I still enjoy the game and it keeps my interest . They did a very good job at getting the tracks down to what they are in real life .
 This was a gift . My daughter has it in the old 64 game version . She has been wanting it for her DS . I was happy to find it through Amazon . She loves it ! Great game and reliable service and delivery . Thank you Amazon .
 Yo kidz!I Sanda Min shall tell you bout bustamove ds!You have a good puzzle game , with great graphics , so many puzzles and a variaty of cool stuff!Maybe Is should tell you bout bustamove the first time I played it!On summer vacation I went to an arcade.I played a puzzle game , it was super fun!My sis called it the funny game.Later while I was reading a psp manual and there was a game.It was called bustamove.So this is how I discovered bustamove .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but when I saw the little hater who wrote `` PU ! '' in regards to this game , I had to step up . This is one of the most addicting games I 've ever played , and I ca n't stop . I was mesmerized with the original issue of this game when I was younger ; now I 'm in my 20 's and I was still thrilled when I saw it was going to be released for Nintendo DS.This game takes full advantage of the touch screen , and is very responsive to commands . It has countless changing backgrounds , crazy music , and even unlockable characters . You can choose between three modes of play including Puzzle and Endless -LRB- my favorite -RRB- . You can put in your own settings to determine the number of colors you want , and what types of special bubbles to allow.The only negative in regards to this game is that it 's a little difficult when you 're playing on a bumpy car ride , but it just takes a little getting used to . I have no trouble at all on planes or interstate trips.Parents , do n't hesitate , it 's kid friendly , but it 's tricky enough to keep adults such as myself interested . Makes an awesome gift.Even if you hated games like Snood , this game is worth a shot , and it 's a steal for $ 20 .
 I always seem to have a major adiction to what comes to great puzzle games . While so many of them might be good or bad , they always can be just as addictive . Since Nintendo came out with the DS handheld last year , there has been yet to receive a unique puzzle game . While there has been one with the addictive Meteos game , there have also been attempt to bring back the classics from the arcades as well . With the success of Bust A Move from all the different platforms , it has remaineda guilty pleasure for all gamers alike . Now , the DS has a little move of its own.Bust A Move DS for the Nintendo DS handheld system is a classic puzzle game for all gamers young and old alike . The object of the game is extremely simple . You have to connect at least 3 or more of the same kind of colored ball , inorder to remove all the balls from the disposal , and try to clear the wall above you . The graphics are very much low key , while the control in the game is very , very simple and easy to adjust to . Yet , the music is cutesy , and not really pleasureable , while the gameplay and addiction remains just like it has proven in the arcades.All in all , the Bust A Move is still a addictive and fun video game for everybody to enjoy . Nevertheless , if you have n't played any version of this at all , and own a Nintendo DS , this would be a great try for you to have.Graphics
 ... because I was a fan of the original on the SNES , and I was afraid that they would mess it up with the new slingshot mechanism . As it turns out , it only took a few minutes to get use to , and whenever i go back to the classic mode , it feels incredibly slow and unresponsive compared to the rapid aim and snap control scheme . I highly recommend this new iteration , and classics Puyo-puyo/Puzzle Bobble/Bust-A-Move fans should have no fears getting it .
 Bought this for my daughter , she played a similar game on a tablet . She loves this game though for her DSI . Good purchase !
 Love the game ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a lot of fun with the game . Use to play it with my Nintendo system . Great game .
 i bought for my wife for christmas and she hasnt put it down since . i would recommend thus game to anyone . full of excitement .
 I ordered the game after looking at the trailer & thought that my grandkids would like it . I thought I was ordering the WII version , but when I received the item , it was for the DS . That 's ok though , the kids have DS & they loved it ! I even played it on their console ! I 've now ordered it on the WII . Ca n't wait !
 Bust-a-move . A long time favorite of mine since the Super Nintendo days when I first played the series . It is an addicting and fun game if you 're into puzzle games like Tetris.Gameplay : The objective is to match up 3 or more of the same colored orbs in order to destroy them and gain points until there are none on the screen . A simple game to play that can get challenging at times . The various characters and branching of courses determines the difficulty of each round . So trying out all of them will help you figure out which is best . The various levels also makes this game feels like its different every time you play it . The gameplay can get repetitive however since all you do is sling shot an orb.Controls : A very simple system with the option of either using the stylus and playing it old school with the d-pad . I prefer the stylus since its quicker to use . The stylus controls feel quite natural and seems pretty accurate when aiming . The d-pad works just as well as it did from its previous games . So over all both controls work well , it 's a matter of preference.Graphics : Not really setting the bar on this one . The graphics are as good as Tetris DS . Its very 2d oriented and there 's nothing wrong with that with this type of game . Since it 's not high on graphics , the game does n't get glitchy or laggy in any way.Sounds : Everything sounds very cutesy and kid oriented as it did in previous games . Its not bothersome though . Just something to be aware of . I am pretty indifferent about it , so I have no problem listening to the sound effects or background music . It actually goes well with the tone of the game.Overall : This game is great to play for all ages . Its fun , its addictive , it 'll eat up your time . It may get repetitive after a while , but its great for those that play games as a leisure or casually . The game is a rarity too , so your luck in finding it in stores is pretty low .
 WOW !! What can I say Guitar Hero is so much fun !! It arrived before it 's scheduled due date and the kids love playing with it . The package included everything , the guitar , the game , instructions .
 I love this game ! The songs are great ! I also received the product fast , the shipping was fast . Only thing I can say negative about the product , is that one of the buttons on the guitar sticks from time to time . But thats to be expected with a used product . Overall everything arrived as expected ...
 I bought the Guitar Hero 3 Bundle as a gift for my boyfriend 's bday . He absolutely loves it . It was a great price and the product works great . A wonderful purchase and I could n't have been happier with it .
 I 've owned the game before only it was the PS2 version . Aside from the ability to download songs it is no different . Game is good fun for anyone of any skill level
 For a couple of years I 've been seeing the Guitar Hero 's and the Rockbands populate living rooms , and I just did n't care to try it . I thought it was lame and expensive for the guitar and the game ; at least until I finally tried it.I was at Wal-Mart and had a few minutes while my wife shopped , and I said , `` Hell , I 'll give it a try . '' 25 minutes later I was walking out with Guitar Hero III , and two weeks later , a Metallica Death Magnetic album download later , I 'm having an absolute ball with this thing.Even my wife and I got into playing games together and having a good time -LRB- I played it on the controller and wife had guitar -RRB- . Highly recommend and also recommend the Metallica
 My son loves that game . He plays almost every afternoon . It was a great present for him .
 I ordered this through warehousedeals and received my order very quickly . The game itself is cool , but the guitar would have been worth it alone . Perfect for any of the guitar hero games or rock band . Overall , I would definitely recommend to anyone considering a rhythm style game .
 So much fun , makes you feel like a rockstar , great idea to add Slash and Tom Morello to the game ... so much fun ...
 Makes a novice feel like he can shred ! But make no mistake , you only have five buttons and a strumbar ... just cuz you can do TTFaF on Expert does n't mean you can play it for real!Hah!Seriously though , I tried to stay away from Guitar Hero since it first came out but this version would n't leave my mind after I played it on my lunch break one afternoon ... I bought the set -LRB- controller and game -RRB- and soon my wifey wanted to play , too ! It 's fairly addicting and challenging!I 'm still stuck on Hard ! haha !
 I bought this game a couple years ago as well , well worth the money . Fun game especially with a bunch of friends .
 I got it for my son for Christmas and he has been playing it constantly since.It was in good shape and the disc was in good shape . It did meet my expectations except there was no owners manual and I could n't find one online .
 My husband and I purchased this as a birthday gift for our 11 year old daughter , but it turns out I 'm enjoying as well ! I 've played it more than she has so far ! It is a lot of fun , but I noticed that it occassionally misses some button pushes . Not a big deal though . We are still having a great time !
 The Good
 This was a great purchasing experience . Game arrived working appropriately as advertised and we got it very quickly . Was expecting it in 4 to 14 days and it came in 2 days . Thanks .
 My son and I play this all the time now and have a blast.Activision Guitar Hero III Legends Of Rock Bundle With Guitar PC Concert Experience Apparently they dont have a link for the xbox 360 version which is the one i bought but the game is awesome . . ;
 So ive had this game for a month an a half but have only played it about 5 or 6 times . I was quite dissapointed because the controller has already stopped working . The green button on the controller stopped working and now i cant play . It kinda sucks paying 85 dollars for a product that breaks after 5 game uses .
 I got this for my kids for christmas , but my husband and I play it just as much ... great family time !
 Este juego es simplemente adictivo , una excelente y variada selecci&oacute;n de temas , un muy buen gameplay que a adiferencia de otros juegos con una dificultad frustrante es retadora , la posibilidad de acceder a otros temas descarg&aacute;ndolos en el marketplace , y cualquier otro sin fin de atributos , convierten a este juego uno de los mejores de la c&oacute;nsola .
 What can I say ? ITS GUITAR HERO ! Ofcourse it 's fun ! You do n't have to be great at FPS games to play this . You just need some hand-eye coordination . BUY IT , and TRY IT !
 Its nice to play with your friends , gets kinda boring when u ' r all by yourself
 Easy to pick up and play and quite addictive , gets a little hard as you progress through the game but overall a +
 We had Guitar Hero II for about two months , but my husband and daughter were both wanting to play all the time . I bought Guitar Hero III so we 'd have two guitars , and they could play co-op . Having both versions gives them a lot of flexibility to choose the music they are in the mood for . At a recent slumber party , all the girls took turns learning , and had a blast ! My sister 's boyfriend is a convert too . He loves coming over here to play ...
 this was a christmas gift for my son and I cant help but try it out myself . really alot of fun and easy to play along with . i didnt know i had that much talent . jk
 Guitar Hero III
 I purhased the Guitar Hero III bundle with wireless guitar for my 10 year old grandson . Just gave it to him today . He already had the wired guitar for Hero II so is well accquanted with the system . He loved this wireless model . He assembled the two piece guitar in seconds , put on the strap , and was playing music in a matter of five minutes . Without reading the instructions , he was able to make the wireless connection to his XBox 360 in about one minute . He could walk into the next room and still play music and control the system . The stickers that were included were easy for him to put on the guitar , and really did make the guitar look better . He was very happy with the complete package . If he 's happy , I 'm happy !
 Obviously , if you liked GH2 , you 'll like GH3 , there 's not a whole lot you can do to screw up Guitar Hero , while having it still be Guitar Hero.At first , all i heard about GH3 was this new battle mode , i thought it looked dumb and i kept hearing that it was dumb . I actually like it alot , some battles last only 30 seconds , but others you can battle it out until sudden death.There are alot of big hit songs , though not alot that i personally like . The unlockable songs are a bunch of goofy songs , including some foreign ones -LRB- most of them are bands you 've never heard of , save for Killswitch Engage , In Flames , Rise Against , etc. -RRB- . The songs in career i thought were really easy , i didnt fail once until the second to last set , but managed to beat it and not have any trouble until the last set . In the last set i beat all but Iron Maiden 's The Number of the Beast and Slayer 's Raining Blood . The Number of the Beast only took me about 5 tries , but Raining Blood i COULD NOT beat , i had to have a friend beat it for me , and it still took him about 10 tries -LRB- and he even has 4-5 stars on most of expert career -RRB- . So basically , the songs are all really easy until the last 2 sets , then it becomes ridiculously hard , but coop play is still there and it 's still a great game to play alone or with a friend .
 I was among those who purchase Guitar Hero II a few months back , and was instantly hooked to this genre of gaming . At the time though , it was obvious we were given little more than a straight port from the Playstation 2 , albeit with downloadable content and a few extra songs . XBox Live functionality was virtually unused , the graphics looked dated , and the game just did n't feel like it belonged yet - though I did play it consistently so it was a good game despite the flaws.Guitar Hero III is what we should have gotten with Guitar Hero II on the 360 . The 3D character models , animations , etc. are much more lively and entertaining . The between concert cartoons are funny and timely considering what one pictures of a band . Finally we have co-op over X-Box Live , as well as new game modes . The game feels familiar , yet this is mostly everything done right that was wrong with Guitar Hero II on the 360 . Topping off the improvements is an excellent song list , and like before I find myself looking into bands that I had heard about but never experienced . Some of the old songs are fun to go back and watch videos and how awful the band looks from today 's timeframe , yet the songs are classic and worth playing over and over again.The new `` boss fights '' are an interesting twist , but on Medium difficulty at least pose not much of a threat to your being able to beat them after a couple of tries learning the game mode.The wireless guitar is a welcome addition to the 360 as well ... more than once last night I kept adjusting my legs not to get wrapped up in the cord , before realizing that there was no cord . Then I gave the devil salute and began to rock harder.Excellent game , especially for parties with more than one controller . Worth the purchase as an entry level bundle if you do n't have Guitar Hero II , or if you have the money to burn . Otherwise you should be able to get it by itself and use your old guitar .
 This game is a worthy successor to theGuitar Hero 2 Bundle with Guitar , it has more of the same , as well as a new look and features . The wireless guitar is a huge step-up as it can be customized , and the neck of it is detachable for easier storage.It also has online multi-player , which was missing from guitar hero II for some reason.If you liked II , buy III , otherwise try it at a friend 's house , or best buy .
 Guitar Hero is a pretty amazing game . Its only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the xbox360 one . The graphics are way better than any other Guitar Hero game . This game basically teaches you how to play like a Rockstar . The good thing about this game is you can battle eachother on multi-player . If someone has xbox live , they can battle you and other people online from total different countries.Which I love to do because it 's fun to see how others play and who wins . But the bad thing is that it 's only a two player game . Anyone and everyone can play this game because there is no cursing or violence , just the words of the song . Which makes it rated E , for everyone.Amber S.
 And its even more fun than I thought ! My wife got this for me for my birthday , and the entire family is playing it over Christmas break ! From me and my wife , my college boys to my 9 year old . This is a great family gift and more fun that I could have thought .
 If you liked Guitar Hero 2 then you will definitely like Guitar Hero 3 . Lots of new songs with a few different twists on the graphics , but a lot of the same type of things in GH2 , just with different songs . The wireless guitar is cool and only takes a button press on both the guitar and the console to connect . It was worth the money to me even though there is not a ton of changes from the previous version . Not quite what I would call a fully revamped edition from GH2 , but enough differences to add it to your game collection .
 It came in a timely fashion and was just what I expected ! Keep up the great work !
 Got this for my daughter for Christmas . She LOVES it ! We played so long I got cramps in my hand ! Will enjoy for a long time and can add new challenges with new games .
 I have to say I am not that great at the game but its so much fun to watch my kids get excited every time we put the game in . I Love the songs they have on GH3 and they are so much fun to play ! I would recomend this to a friend !
 This is my first Guitar Hero game that I have tried and I like it , very fun to play.I think it is a great value at the price the amazon sells this bundle for.Very easy to pick up the game has lessons and a wide Variety of songs to choose from .
 I purchased this game to use when the kids and grandkids come over . Now I cant stop playing it . I even went all in and ordered the new Beatles Rock Band just to add to our fun .
 I got to admit this is one of the best deals on amazon.com . They give you Guitar Hero 3 game -LRB- all items new -RRB- , a wireless guitar w / batteries , and other stuff -LRB- stickers , designs , etc. -RRB- for only 35 $ . If you try and buy a wireless guitar alone it will cost you 40-70 $ , so a deal like this is not one to pass up if anyone is looking for a new or extra guitar -LRB- the best Guitar Hero controller IMO -RRB- . Thank you Amazon , thats one hell of a deal.Tully Murphy
 My kids love it !! They 've been playing it just about everyday of the summer . Great songs !!
 I bought this game just for the guitar , basically . If you buy a wireless guitar separate it is much more expensive -LRB- which I do not understand at all -RRB- . I was pre-ordering Guitar Hero : Metallica so I could not get with the controller bundled , but I was guitar-less . So looking on the compatibility chart , this guitar works with GHM , with a bonus game that sounded ok ... so I played this game for a couple days waiting for GHM to get delivered and after that let it gather dust . The guitar works great !
 This game was my first foray into the Guitar Hero experience and I have thoroughly enjoyed it !
 I liked this game so much , It took a week to deliver but now I am satisfied with the quality of this product ...
 Had previously played this game with this guitar controller belonging to someone else . Bought this to have one for myself . Great game with fun replay value . Song selection is good and most are very fun to play on the hard difficulty setting.The only problem people may encounter with this bundle is that the Les Paul controller has issues with the connections in the neck some time down the road after it has experienced wear and tear . The neck connects to the body and after a good amount of use the connection is not as secure causing one or more of the fret buttons to not register . This problem could be solved -LRB- on the old controller I played with . My new one is just fine -RRB- by pushing the two pieces back together every time the problem occurred.The plus about this controller is that other than the connection issue it seems to be very reliable AND you can use this controller to also play Rock Band as it is compatible with that game as well unlike the first Rock Band guitar which was of shotty construction and started to break right away and was not compatible with Guitar Hero games .
 Guitar Hero 3 -LRB- GH3 -RRB- is the fourth iteration in this series of games despite it being labeled the third , though for most people the 80s edition that was the actual third game was a bit of a footnote since it only came out on PS2 and had very little in it that differed from Guitar Hero 2 other than the songs.GH3 continues with the same basic formula as the previous games which will keep fans of the series happy , but at the same time adds some welcome new features . One of the best additions is that of online play so that you can now do co-op , face-off , pro face-off and battle mode with a friend over the Live network.The battle mode is a change up from the normal face-off modes in that instead of gaining star power you acquire attacks from playing certain sequences of notes . Then when you turn the guitar up as if you were going to use star power it instead launches an attack at your opponent . The attacks vary in their nastiness and while I was skeptical of this new aspect of the game it 's actually a nice twist for those more competitive players.Another addition is the co-op career mode , but unfortunately you ca n't play this mode online which means you 'll have to get a friend over with their guitar to experience this mode.Speaking of the guitar the new wireless Gibson Les Paul style guitar controller is a welcome change from the original 360 GH2 controller . Overall it just feels a lot more solid , especially the whammy bar . Not being wired makes a big difference in terms of convenience . There are GH3 bundles out there with the original GH2 controller in them and I would recommend passing on those in favor of the wireless bundle.The career mode remains mostly the same as in the previous games . There are now little animated vignettes between each set that do n't add much to the overall experience , but certainly are a welcome change from the old bus driving across the country scenes in the previous games . The other addition to career mode is that at the end of certain sets you have to enter battle mode with another guitarist . By now most people know that Tom Morello and Slash are the two real guitarists who you battle against in the game . Both contributed original guitar compositions for their battle sections and can be unlocked as avatars in the game.The playing experience itself is much the same , though it seems the game is even more forgiving in the timing of when you play notes than even GH2 was and hammer-ons and pull-offs are also very easy to do . For experienced players this will obviously make the game easier in some respects , but at the same time the note structure has been mixed up a bit and the later songs are pretty challenging on Hard and Expert.While the multiplayer aspect adds a lot more playability to the game at the same time the core of the experience remains the songs and for this game there are even more original songs than before and the song list is pretty great.Overall GH3 rocks the house in much the same way as the previous games , but with the addition of some new features it does n't feel like more of the same . Multiplayer adds a new aspect that should give the game a lot more life overall between those times when you get your friends over to the house.Here is the list of tracks by the original artists -LRB- or in the case of Talk Dirty to Me , original vocalist -RRB- used in the game . This does n't include the bonus tracks by the less well known artists . `` Talk Dirty to Me '' - Poison -LRB- Vocals re-recorded by Bret Michaels -RRB- `` Bulls on Parade '' - Rage Against the Machine `` When You Were Young '' - The Killers `` Miss Murder '' - AFI `` Lay Down '' - Priestess `` Paint It , Black '' - The Rolling Stones `` Anarchy in the U.K. '' - Sex Pistols -LRB- re-recorded -RRB- `` Kool Thing '' - Sonic Youth `` My Name Is Jonas '' - Weezer `` Even Flow '' - Pearl Jam `` Same Old Song and Dance '' - Aerosmith `` Welcome to the Jungle '' - Guns N ' Roses `` Cherub Rock '' - The Smashing Pumpkins `` The Metal '' - Tenacious D `` Before I Forget '' - Slipknot `` Stricken '' - Disturbed `` 3 's & 7 's '' - Queens of the Stone Age `` Knights of Cydonia '' - Muse `` Cult of Personality '' - Living Colour -LRB- re-recorded -RRB- `` Raining Blood '' - Slayer `` The Number of the Beast '' - Iron Maiden `` One '' - Metallica -- Co-Op Campaign -- `` Sabotage '' - Beastie Boys `` Reptilia '' - The Strokes `` Suck My Kiss '' - Red Hot Chili Peppers `` Helicopter '' - Bloc Party `` Monsters '' - Matchbook Romance
 Length :
 I adore the Guitar Hero series . It is incredibly fun , can be played co-op , and exposes players to all sorts of great music . Guitar Hero III ups the ante with even more fantastic songs plus a new battle mode for fun head to head gameplay!Once again you 're a small time band starting off in your garage - or make that , your back yard . As you play through songs on your guitar controller , your career begins to take off . You make videos , play larger arenas , and earn money . The money lets you buy yourself new outfits and guitars . As you battle special players , you unlock their characters - like Slash from Guns 'N Roses.In every Guitar Hero game there have been songs I 've liked and other songs I have n't liked . That 's going to be true pretty much no matter who you are . They try their very best to provide a wide range of music to suit all guitar tastes , and they do an excellent job at it . Some of the songs are SUPER in this set and got me up off the couch dancing around while I played along.The new battle mode is a ton of fun . Before , you 'd get a simple encore at the end of each set . This time you occasionally have to fight a newcomer for guitar supremacy . In battle mode you earn `` attacks '' that you can then lob at your opponent . These do things like break strings , make you play double notes , make your screen shake , and much more . It is super fun . Near the end of the game when you 're down in `` Hades '' , you have to battle the devil himself playing ... Devil went down to Georgia!There are of course the extras to unlock by doing things like playing 100 notes in a row , the ability to play against friends head to head locally , plus the new ability to play against others online ! Talk about a true challenge ! It was always scary enough looking at XBox Live and seeing how amazingly high some of those scores were . Imagine trying to play those people live?The graphics are great . Each location is fleshed out in fantastic detail , from the flickering flames of Hades to the glowing red lanterns of your back yard . The audience always seems a little robotic , but heck , how much do you want from a guitar game?Many of the songs are now original band-sung songs - including a Living Color song that the band re-recorded specifically for this game ! There are still a collection of songs that are `` in the style of '' - some are good , some are really not so good . The Stevie Ray Vaughn song stands out as the not-so-good reproduction . Still , what can you do . Why are n't those bands giving the Guitar Hero guys permission to use their real tracks ? Do n't they know how immensely popular this game is?The wireless guitar controller and it 's worked pretty flawlessly so far . We 've noticed a tiny amount of ` misses ' with the red button , but that may be us getting used to it , we 'll have to see.Highly , highly recommended . It was so much fun that my boyfriend , a guitar player , would occasionally try to play the `` real notes '' rather than the Guitar Hero game notes . It really is absorbing!Make sure you get TWO guitars to go with it , so you can play with a friend !
 What do you get when you take a series that is virtually flawless and endlessly addicting and combine it with a developer who is known for ruining a virtually flawless and endlessly addicting series ? You get a recipe for disaster . Fortunately , Neversoft , the studio responsible for the rise and fall of the Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater series , has decided to take that recipe and throw it out the window . Since acquiring the rights to the Guitar Hero name , Activision has seen to it that Neversoft be in charge of creating all future games in the franchise . And for a built-from-scratch first effort , they succeeded beyond my wildest expectations ! Guitar Hero III not only continues the tradition of great music rhythm games , but it adds in some much needed features and game modes that really make it a must-own for any Xbox 360 owner!First off , let 's discuss the changes that Neversoft made to the game . The art direction in general takes a much more `` hardcore '' approach , as characters like Judy Nails go from being sweet little rocker chick to big-breasted , pierced alt rocker . Most of the other characters have undergone similar changes , most of which are for the worse . The original games had a very cartoony type of image to it , and Neversoft tries to recreate that with more edge , but they end up looking like they 're trying too hard to make the game hardcore . Fortunately , this is a music game so graphics will ultimately take a back seat to the gameplay and music.Gameplay-wise , Guitar Hero III picks up where II left off . New game modes have been introduced into the series , including Co-Op Career -LRB- a long-needed mode that features songs you can only unlock through it -RRB- and Battle Mode , which allows you to gain attacks -LRB- rather than star power -RRB- which you can then launch at your opponent to make them fail a song . The last person standing wins ! The first time through this mode can be daunting , but after a while it quickly becomes a welcomed addition to the franchise ! Also included this time around is full Xbox Live support for Face Off , Pro Face Off , Co-Op , and Battle Mode -LRB- unfortunately Co-Op career is not available for online play at this time -RRB- . The system works great too , and in my dozens of matches online , I 've only experienced brief lag once . There 's something thrilling about going to battle with someone you 've never met and throroughly embarassing them ! This feature was well worth the wait , and will undoubtedly add hours upon hours of play to an already addicting game.Of course , the real strength of a music rhythm game will always rest in its soundtrack . Fortunately for us , Guitar Hero III rocks one of the most comprehensive and diverse soundtracks ever put in a video game . Neversoft has finally figured out what Harmonix never could ; you can have difficult songs on the game that are n't metal -LRB- i.e. Muse 's `` Knights of Cydonia '' or QotSA 's `` 3s and 7s '' -RRB- ! Add in the fact that a large portion of these songs are master recordings , and the game 's music just sky-rockets to a whole new level ! And while Gutar Hero III 's soundtrack is clearly the best in the series , it is not without it 's missteps either . For example , `` Sabotage '' by the Beastie Boys is a great song , but it really does n't belong here as there 's very little guitaring going on in the song . Overall though , the diverse collection of songs in the game almost assures it 's acceptance by those who may have been hesitant in the past , as there 's definitely something for everyone!My complaints with the game are few . My largest gripe is the new Red Octane wireless controller which is very pretty , but has given myself and other gamers some problems . For me specifically , some of the fret buttons will occasionally stop working during a song and you 'll need to stop playing , disconnect the controller , and reconnect it for it to work again . This is a huge drawback , but hopefully they can get the bugs worked out in later models . Another small complaint is the lack of a matchmaking system for online play . I play on expert , but I 'm more of a low-mid range expert who does n't stand a chance versus someone who 's been playing the game for a few years now . In the end , however , these complaints really overshadow what is a phenomenal game and a great first effort for Neversoft . I highly recommend it to anyone who may be on the fence about it . $ 99 for a video game is steep , but the hours and hours of enjoyment you 'll undoubtedly get out of Guitar Hero III are well worth the price . Buy it now ! 8 out of 10 Stars
 I first pre-ordered this game a few weeks back and I was surprised to have gotten it yesterday when I thought it didnt get realesed until the 28th . I 'm about halfway through the campaign on expert which is pretty fun . The battles against Slash are pretty tough and hard to get the hang of but once your used to it it makes sense . I would definitly recommend this game , especially becasue the wireless guitar is awwwwwsome . The track list is pretty good and I ca n't wait to find out what other songs are on it . The price was a little steep but its definitly worth it . This game is sick !!
 I bought this for my teenage sons who have been begging for it , and when it came I found I loved to play it just as much.The track list is a lot of classic rock songs , and newer rock , perfect for the kids and parents.This is one video game where I do n't mind the volume turned up all the way.The guitar controller takes some getting used to , but once you learn , it 's tons of fun rocking out and working your way up to rock star god!This is one of those games where the parents can feel good about letting kids play it . No violence , no swearing , just good rock n ' roll fun !
 Guitar Hero III
 Guitar Hero III is a lot of fun . Having played the other two I 'd say GHIII is just as fun . The graphics have been improved over GHII , but not by much . The animations are sometimes questionable , but since they do n't affect the gameplay it 's not really an issue except from an aesthetic standpoint . I also noticed a little bit of frame rate stutter during some moments , and although distracting they did n't throw off the timing , so it was n't detrimental to the gameplay . The track list is great and perhaps the best of the series . A new battle mode has been added and breathes a little freshness into a series that was in danger of going stale . Unfortunately , some of the characters from the previous games have gone the way of the dodo for no good reason . But for all it 's small flaws the core of the game is still great , and I 'd reccommend GHIII to anyone interested .
 I didnt get Guitar Hero or II , had i known it was this much fun i would have though . I really love old 80 's style hair metal and every time a new set unlocked in the game , I was tickled pink with what popped up new!My first thought when playing my first song was . . wow , this is sort of difficult for me to get straight in my head . I played guitar for about 14 years and used to play some of the songs in the game . The odd thing that happened though is the controller feels like a guitar but the the fingers on my left hand want to do something else ! Oddly enough , I unlocked the Slash video and hey said basically the same thing and I didnt feel so crazy anymore . He said that the game would be much easier for someone that had never played guitar before ! I 'll have to agree . But the cool part is , its not that hard to overcome . You 'll just have problems playing on the medium settings.On Easy , you basically can just look at the colored dots and match them up to your buttons . The problem I had on the medium settings is many passages in songs only wanted me to take actions 1/2 the time , but my brain knew how the song went from playing it on real guitar and I had a really hard time not picking every note that was supposed to be there . Expert however tends to make you do something for every note so that part at least is easier . The issue I notice on expert though is , somehow those 5 little buttons are harder to play than 6 strings and 24 frets on a real guitar ! The last song , Metallica `` One '' I used to play on guitar , I tried on expert mode in Guitar Hero III and I couldnt even come close to doing it!Just like real guitar , if you want to play in expert mode , you 're going to have to practice every song many times to get it . I actually had quite a bit more fun playing on easy , there were quite a few songs where I felt immersed into the song and had the feeling as if I were really playing it . . that was really cool ! Expert mode , well reminded me of the days of learning a new song on the guitar . . except using 5 buttons and a strum paddle . I 'll tell ya . . I wish i could just plug my Strat into the Xbox and just play that way . I would start practicing guitar again for the first time in 10 years and I 'd know more about what i 'm doing.Dont get what I said so far wrong . The fun factor on this game is huge . My roomate that never has played guitar in his life , in fact , never really plays video games at all got into this game . I can actually picture having a party and people fighting over who 's next on this thing.My hopes are that Guitar Hero III will bring rock guitar back and to a new level and hopefully spawn a new generation of guitarists ! Anybody that likes rock music , is going to love this game . You 'll feel like the guitarist you always dreamed of being . Even on the easy level !
 For anyone who has been playing the GH series since it came out around late 2005 it 's hard to look back at what music based games used to be like.For anyone who has NOT been playing the GH series ... WTF ARE YOU WAITING FOR ?! The third installment of the Guitar Hero series is here ! Guitar Hero III
 Guitar Hero III is amazing , the game already has a great variety of songs on it and then on live there is even a better selection .
 So much fun , but if you want to play on experte mode you 'll need A LOT of practice ... get a second guitar !!!
 This game is lots of fun . I bought it for my husband for Father 's Day . I am not a gamer , but I have fun playing this game . Playing an actual guitar makes it feel pretty realistic .
 This is an awesome game . Great songs , great difficulty , great guitar ! Also , I think that the game HUD can show the stars I have in real time , and a few things in the menus , but you forget about that once you start playing.The box came in excellent condition , and the batteries last a lot . I lost the count of hours , but I passed the game in medium and easy difficulty with the same batteries , and my brother also is playing it in hard . Until here , batteries are just beginning to look empty .
 At first , this game struck me as far more difficult than Rock Band or Guitar Hero 1 & 2 , and it is ! The difficult was ramped up a little bit for the fans of the series . The downfall of this is that the average gamer usually has a harder time picking up and playing this one than they do any of the others.However , me being an avid player of the series and Rock Band , I enjoy the difficulty boost . It really does challenge your abilities . And while I still have not totally passed the Expert Career Mode , I still think this is a great game.The guitar would be enough for me to give this game 4 stars . Love it ! I use it all the time now and even bought an extra exactly like it to replace the Rock Band guitar.Overall , if you have played the series and want a little more challenge than the others had to offer , give this one a try !
 There were some good tracks for career mode and even better ones available for download on live . Personally , I wish they had put some of the downloadable tracks on career mode . But other than that , I really enjoy the game .
 I love this game ! I also have rock band . I think if more than one person in your house is playing get rock band but if not get this game because its a better one player game to me .
 What 's there to say . Either you like this sort of rhythm game/rock fantasy or not . GH delivers for anyone who 's longed to take their air guitar to the next level ... and also helpful for those like me with a particular deficiency in the `` rhythm '' department .
 I bought this to add to our collection of GH guitars & to have another guitar for Rockband . I am totally addicted to this game . The wireless guitar is a big advantage when playing with multiple players .
 A little hard for my son to play , but he is learning . Best price I 've seen !!
 I recently purchased an Xbox360 and realized after I shipped my PS2 off to my sister how much I missed playing Guitar Hero . My wife and I purchased GHIII wireless and we love it . The song selection is on par with its predecessor , but the quality of the tracks is much higher . The animations on 1080p are great for the non-playing people in the room and the between-song animations , though a bit abstract and creepy , are mildly entertaining . I could do without the hellish flavor to the last 2 stages of the game , but getting DragonForce at the end is , I guess , worth the `` storyline '' of the game.The technical upgrades with the fretboard seem to work , and the tone that signals a misplayed note is much less distracting . I also like the new Star Power system , rewarding those who play deeper into a song before activating Star Power - it comes in handy during long solos on Expert difficulty . Overall , the game seems more difficult , but that is a natural and effective progression of the series . Easy is still accessible for inexperienced gamers or GH beginners , but the battles require a somewhat-seasoned player.The controller works excellently - the wireless feature is worth the $ 10 without a question - and should be handled carefully to prolong the life of the machine . The manual that comes specifically for the controller is a great help for getting started , and should not be overlooked.I enjoy Guitar Hero games and look forward to see what the next game has to offer .
 This game offers hours of entertainment for our kids ages 7,8 and 15 they love it and it blows me away as to how good the youngest can play this game . More importantly they have songs that I listened to when I was a kid so it is n't annoying .
 I bought this as a present for my husband , but turns out I can have fun playing it too ! We even bought a second guitar so we could play together . It 's definitely addictive so watch out . We try not to play too much , but once you get started , you 'd be surprized how fast the hours go by .
 Well if you 're not sucked into the rockband addiction yet , Guitar hero 3 is still an awesome game . The wireless guitar is very responsive and the detachable neck is convenient for taking it from one home to the next . Also the guitar IS compatible with rockband so if you have that game and only one guitar , you can get this bad-boy and rock with a full band at home . Not to mention that the downloadable songs are pretty good and with 2 free packs and 2 free songs that equals 8 free download songs off the back with the Halo theme being one of them . The game itself , to me , is a little less than guitar hero 2 but that is a complete matter of opinion in which I am the minority . All in all the game is as addictive as ever and the downloadable content helps keep it fresh .
 This game is really fun but with some songs i do n't recognize . Anyway , it is still a good game but if you do n't like a big challenge from guitar hero i do n't think you would like this game because the expert mode is extremely well maybe not extremely but pretty easy . Well its a good game and i hope you enjoy .
 I tried playing actual guitar for 3 years and it was not as fun as this . True this `` game '' does NOT teach you how to play the guitar in real life but if you have good rhythm you can have lots of fun with it and our friends .
 I 'm a newbie to the game , and I find it totally addictive . I also discovered a lot of great songs thanks to it.As a general comment , the leap between the levels is pretty vast . I was doing pretty good in medium , but when I got to hard , it felt like I had to jump a mountain ! There is not true gradation of level between these sections -LRB- easy , medium , hard and expert -RRB- , which is the weak point of the game . The tutorials are pretty cool though , and you can make steady progress if you go in that mode.In co-op , it 's really fun . You can play at different levels , and both players get to participate , which makes the game even more fun . You get to choose a bass and lead player everytime , which also means you can replay your favorite songs and see different musical angles . It 's made me listen to rock songs in a very different way , trying to distinguish the bass , the guitars , etc. . Cool!Note
 This is a fun game . the best part about this one is that there is no cord for the puppy to chew .
 I bought this product for my 11 year old daugther and we 're having the time of our lives . It 's performance is excellent and it keeps us hooked for hours . This is the best gift ever . Also since we got it our home is never empty , all our friends fight for a chance to play . Awsome in every way , from the shipment to the quality of service . Thank you .
 I ca n't play guitar , but that does n't stop me from playing Guitar Hero ! I own all three now and have played them to death . I still think the first one is the best , and wish they offered those songs as downloads on XBL . But the songs on GH3 are great as well , and they constantly add new ones on for purchase -LRB- overpriced , if you ask me , but if you need your fix ... :-RRB- -RRB- . The wireless guitar works great , the batteries last surprisingly long -LRB- get rechargables , still -RRB- , the size is nice and more compact . I like the reaction of the whammy bar better on this guitar.It 's just a great game . When the first Guitar Hero came out , I thought it was stupid and refused to try it out ... but once I got through the first song at the store , I bought it and never looked back . Praise companies like this for creating new innovative gameplay experiences !
 packaging and game was like new even though there was a big discount due to the packaging being damaged .
 The product was securely packed in a large box . Unopened and not damaged at all . Arrived on time with expressed delivery . I highly recommend future purchases through the same site . I was very highly satisfied .
 This is a great game ! FUN , FUN , FUN ! If you love rock , you 'll really enjoy it ! However , I would NOT recommend this game to anyone under 13 . It has some `` questionable '' characters and themes . Definitely NOT elementary age , middle school would probably be ok . Just check it out first if you are a concerned parent .
 I Give This Game 4 Stars Because There Could be more Metallica SongsNeversoft has so much potential To Make A Guitar Hero Series Metallica Edition , I guarantee You it would be probably the best selling video game of alltime , just due Metallica 's fan base . Overall Very good game I would say Purchase It for the xbox 360 due to graphics and buy the bundle version the guitar is better than gh2 also the downloaded content if you purchase the soundtrack . God Bless !!!!!
 Very happy with this product . It was a Christmas gift for my son along with the XBox 360 . He loves it and even my daughter , husband , and myself have had a blast playing it as well !
 I bought this for my family for Christmas and it was a big hit . Even my husband plays it daily . Even though I am not very good at it , we all really enjoy the songs that are used . I ended up buying Guitar Hero
 This is the greatest game ever ! My son , my nephews , and my husband , love to play . The shipping on the item was very quick . It was packagedwell , and the price was great , too .
 I 'm used to Rockband controls and gameplay , but both are very similar . The differences are mostly how the game is presented and options . This game is fun for everyone to enjoy .
 Length :
 I recieved the game very quickly after I ordered it , and soon discovered that the guitar was defective . I emailed them back and they were again quick and very helpful . I returned the game and am now very happy with it . Overall it was a very good experiece .
 This has become the hit of the neighborhood . At least one night we have 5-6 of my son 's friends over to play this and they have a blast .
 The game itself is so much fun , plus everything works in top condition , it shipped and delivered very quick and is still working perfectly after i got it almost a year ago
 My son , who is 11 , wanted this game after christmas . Unfortunatley we coul n't find it in any store . So I ordered it on Amazon , I got in 2 days eventhough it was new years . He loved it so much he got me into it and now I love it , my daughter who is 15 loves it too . It has all these great old rock tunes . Its one of those rare video games that kids like and parents enjoy sharing the expirience .
 No complaints . Nice improvement over previous versions . Especially like songs by original bands instead of cover band .
 I pretty much bought this for the Les Paul Guitar . I already had 2 -LRB- wired -RRB- guitars and guitar hero 2 , had to go with it.In career mode , the songs get harder as you go . You can 5 star a song or 2 on level one , jump to level 7 and you fail , or barely pass.The guitar alone is worth the purchase . The Co-Op play is awesome too .
 The boys in my house and the neighbors house ranging from 10-14 love it . It does seem to be addicting though .
 This is by far the most gratifying gaming experience ever . Whereas other games are measured by few-and-far-between victories , with often meandering intermediary levels , GH3 is non-stop-rockin ' action , with nary a slow moment . Also , GH3 eschews clever plotlines and fancy cut-scene animations for pure RAWK . There are hardly words to describe the delight in nailing a sick solo or a difficult series of notes .
 Guitar Hero 3 is the best Guitar Hero out there . It has the best track list yet and it is very challenging on hard and expert . You can download alot of content both online and on your computer with the right directions . One thing I like about it is you can practice all you want and you can kick but on the last two games to show off to your friends . It is the best game for paries including Rock Band but some parts break unfrotunately on that game and it is very expensive . Better plasitc guitar design and awesome graphics and challenges on the Xbox 360 version . I 've tried it out at my friends house and it is on my list including an Xbox 360 and Halo 3 which is another awesome game I would recommend . At first , if your a starter , it might leave you kind of frustrated because it is difficult at some certain songs , practice dos n't hurt and it so awesome once you master the song , trust me . You ca n't go wrong on this game it is highly addictive and so much fun , even my sister and parents who do n't barely play alot of video games -LRB- exept World of Warcraft -RRB- even have this idem on their lists . It is one of the best games I have ever played and you ca n't go wrong with this system .
 It 's funny how I automatically dismissed the first Guitar Hero when I received it as a gift - `` why would I want to play with a toy guitar '' I balked . But the series has grown on me . I look forward to every new release . I bought GH3 the morning it came out and I love it . I little off topic but I ca n't wait for Rock Band , it seems the majority of the GH camp is ready for it .
 this game is outstanding !!!! has me up all night playing my curse by killswitch engage after unlocking it i cant stop playing it ... the boss battles are fun and challenging . slash is a tough one even on medium.the game has changed graphics wise from 2 it doesnt look as cartoony as it did ... all in all i had to give this 5 stars for the wide selection of good songs to include some
 I have GH Legends and World Tour , so my opinion of this game is based on Comparison of these two games . The Legends of rock is cool overall , though the `` As Made Famous by '' was lame . I know taht there are a ton of songs that they have to get the rights to , but they did it for World Tour , why not GHIII ? That is not too bad though , because the covers are still decent sounding . What i did not like was that the cut scenes had no dialog or logic , and if I did not already read the storyline beforehand , I would not have gotten it at all . Also , the game is short . I beat it in one night . 3 hours and I was finished . and , at the end , I felt like , `` That 's it ? '' The secret song that you open , though complex and technical , is not good . It is Progressive Rock Mess , and I love Prog Rock . I wish that there would be a Guitar Hero Hair Metal version , and a Classic Rock Version . I am not too hot on the `` Newer Music '' , but yeah , have a Modern Rock version as well . Or , how about GH-Ozzfest ? or GH-Family Family Values ? I think that they are onto a great thing and that they should keep going . It is fun , though it took me some time to learn to play a fake guitar . It is funny how i can play half of these songs on a real guitar or bass , but put this plastic control in my hands , and I turn into an uncoordinated child . I would say overall , get this puppy and let out your inner Rock God !!!!
 In my opinion , Guitar Hero is the best game ever . Be sure you get a new controller after a week or 2 . I got Guitar Hero 3 Legends of Rock for Christmas and I still enjoy it today . After a few days , I got to level 6 with no problem . After a week , I beat easy and was having the problem with the controller half way into medium . It would n't strum up for me on one of the songs . It was a cheap controller and I did not break it just so you know . I strum on it easily . You do need to strum up for some songs in the game . This is good advice so you can enjoy Guitar Hero if your thinking of buying it . The game is great , just buy a backup controller . P.S.
 I 'm not particularly a Rock fan but GH 3 offers some nostalgic tracks that no one can resist ! Even my 8 year old nephew who swear Chris Brown is the king of the beat -LRB- get it ... beat LOL -RRB- All jokes aside the game is progressive in a you learn as you go kind of way with easier songs to start and harder ones later on.Anyway , I highly recommend this to anyone with an xbox 360 .
 Its a good game and the Xbox Live features are pretty cool too . Nowadays there arent too many ppl playing online though but some good matches can still be found .
 I love this game . I actually play guitar and it is still challenging for me , I love it !! I have n't had any problems with the guitar or anything yet .
 I own all of the GH games , and love this one just as much as any other . They are all so fun !
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it . You ca n't go wrong with wireless Guitar Hero . Even though he 's not a big rock fan , he still loves to play this game . It contains alot of good songs anyone would know .
 For the price this was a great deal . I got the guitar I needed and a good game . I just supplemented with buying some of the newer version of Guitar Hero seperately .
 I listen to mainly Rap and hip-hop music . I was curious of buying Guitar Hero and I did . It is a really fun game to play . You do n't have to like rock music to play it , you eventually become in the game .
 I recently got into the whole Guitar Hero craze with Guitar Hero 2 . I never thought a game with such a simple concept could be so fun and enjoyable . Needless to say after completing GH2 , I could n't wait for GH3 to come out . Sadly GH3 does not have the same fun level that GH2 had . I actually started my Guitar Hero playing `` career '' with the Demo version of GH3 on XBL . I had an absolute blast playing the demo songs such as Pearl Jam 's `` Evenflow '' and Tenacious D 's `` The Metal '' . I however could not see myself paying $ 100 for a game -LRB- w / the guitar -RRB- so I just continued playing those songs . Then one day my wife 's cousin brought over GHII and long story short , a few weeks later I bought GHII . I eventually got GHIII for Christmas and here is where my review begins.First off , for those that do n't know the original creators of GH and GH2 are not the same developers behind GH3 . GH3 was taken over by Neversoft and it is quite apparent that Neversoft does not quite get that the point of these types of games are to have fun . For whatever reason , Neversoft decided that having fun is no longer important and took many things that made GH2 fun out of GH3.First off while I was able to breeze though Medium , the jump difficulty level to Hard is downright ridiculous on the final tier of songs . I struggled through the first tiers but finally was able to make it to the final tier only to run into a brick wall with the ridiculous endless hammer on and pull of sequences . And I do mean `` endless '' ; it 's nearly impossible and your fingers will beg for it to stop , but it never really does -LRB- until you fail of course -RRB- . I finally got through the last tier of songs on hard , but now I 'm stuck on the impossibly hard and cheesy boss battle -LRB- more on this later -RRB- . I 'm almost to the point where I 'm ready to just give it up and play on quick play mode from now on because its just not fun anymore . Yes GH2 songs were also hard the first time through , but even with me failing songs and having the `` video crowd '' boo me , I never stopped having fun in addition they did n't have stupid boss battles just to make the game harder and more frustrating for no good reason . It 's been said many times , Hard and Expert is just hard for hard 's sake and there is no reason for a game that is supposed to be FUN to be this frustrating . Do n't get me wrong I enjoy a challenge -LRB- i.e. Ninja Gaiden for the XBOX -RRB- , but for goodness sakes , do n't go overboard with it!As for the boss battles , this is probably the worst thing about the game . NeverSoft thought it would be a good idea to add `` Boss battles '' to career mode . Basically in boss battles , you battle computer controlled guitar players like Slash and eventually the Devil himself . Instead of star power you are given the opportunity to gain `` power ups '' to mess up your opponent . I think most are pretty cheesy , but the absolute worse is lefty flip which flips the note track forcing you to do everything backwards . This always results in failure adding more frustration to the game . On its own I suppose the battle mode would be fine -LRB- ie playing against a HUMAN opponent -RRB- , but forcing players to do this nonsense during career mode is absolutely ridiculous . The computer clearly has the advantage here and it 's even more apparent on the higher difficulty levels . Some people have called the bosses nothing but `` computerized beat machines '' which is a quite accurate description . Winning boss battles especially the final one is mostly based on LUCK and how Neversoft thought this would be enjoyable is beyond me . The new boss battle feature pretty much ruined the game on its own . If this is going to be a permanent feature in future GH games , then I am done with the GH series.As far as the song list goes , while there are some great tracks on this game , overall , the songs on GH2 are better . In addition , the songs are GHII are just more fun to play . Like GH2 , in GH3 you are still forced to play through all the songs in order to have them available in quick play mode . However it is a good thing that you can unlock these songs playing ANY difficulty level because if I had to play these songs on Hard in career mode in order to play them in quick play mode , I would have stopped playing a long time ago.In summary , Neversoft really needs to go back to the drawing board and find out what Harmonix did to make the previous GH games fun because they have missed the boat here with the downright frustrating difficulty , stupid boss battles , and an overall average song list . This is not to say GH3 is not a fun game , but it could have just been so much better and honestly I think it 's a step in the wrong direction compared to GH2 . They need to make the game fun again , and pick more songs that are actually fun to play . I am actually finding myself playing GH2 more than GH3 these days .
 Ok , I 'll admit that I 'm over 40 . And I 'm a chick . But I love this game ! It does n't hurt , of course , that a lot of the songs are `` classic rock '' that I grew up loving . -LRB- I will also say that , having played all 42 of the setlist songs , there are a few I would prefer never to hear again ... . -RRB- This is not like playing a real guitar , and it wo n't train you to play a real guitar . Instead of strings , you press little buttons and `` strum '' a lever . But the action is similar enough . The graphics are very good and the sound is stereo quality -LRB- well , if you run through a receiver , anyway -- as I do -RRB- . And in `` easy '' mode , you can be up jamming and having a blast in minutes . The game gets progressively harder on different levels -LRB- all the way up to `` Expert '' -RRB- -- so you need n't worry about mastering the game right away and getting bored . You also need n't worry about getting overwhelmed -- the `` practice '' mode lets you take a song -LRB- at any level -RRB- in pieces and practice it very slowly to learn the sequence until you can play at speed . I found , however , that the progression of difficulty of the songs in `` career '' mode is just right , so that if you play them in order , you may surprise yourself at how well you can do by the time you get to the end of the set list.You can also do a multiple player mode and have guitar battles , etc. . I 'm just scratching the surface here.What 's extra fun for me is that my husband is an excellent bass guitar player , so we actually have fun `` jamming '' together ! And sometimes I 'll go into `` practice '' mode , where I can play the bass guitar track myself , just to get a rough sense of what he 's playing.The game anticipates that you will search for `` cheat codes '' -- there is a place under `` Options '' to enter `` cheat codes '' -LRB- keystroke combinations -RRB- . These are useful for unlocking all of the songs without having to `` earn '' them in career mode , or for replacing the bugly singer with Bret Michaels . There is also a feature for adding dowloaded songs , which I have n't yet explored.The Guitar Hero III controller is wireless -LRB- and works without a hitch -RRB- and feels solid , similar to a `` real '' guitar . I recommend that controller very much . One problem is that I have n't found a wireless controller for sale without the game , so if you want to add more controllers for `` jam '' sessions , you have to go with wired ones -LRB- or find friends who have wireless ones they can bring over -RRB- . Playing together is great -- I was inspired by my teen-age stepson to improve rapidly.So you `` grown ups '' who enjoy rocking out and always wished you could jam on a guitar but never had the time to learn -- do n't just buy this for your kids ; get it for you ! But be forewarned -- it can be addictive and a major time drain !
 Guitar Hero III is such a great game because we finally get to hear some new songs after playing GH2 over and over . There is also a new `` battle mode '' that makes the game not exactly the same as the previous version . Personally , I think the best thing about this game is the new songs ... not much else different about it.One thing I wish that I had known was the guitar -LRB- to me -RRB- feels exactly the same as the wired guitar . I thought there was a solo section on this guitar , but I think that is going to happen on the `` Rock Band '' guitars . So , the only reason to purchase the bundle with this guitar is if you want to go wireless . From what I hear , I think the `` Rock Band '' guitars will be compatible with GH3 , so you might want to wait for those if you already have wired guitars ... Also , my guitar -LRB- not sure if others are like this -RRB- seems very sensitive and its hard to NOT activate the `` double point '' mode -LRB- forget what the actual term for this mode is -- you know ... when you tilt the guitar up and you get double the points -RRB- . I have to really be still if I want to save up and activate it later .
 I purchased guitar hero III because I really wanted a second controller for rock band , So we could have a full 4 person band . For an extra $ 20 I could get the bundle that includes guitar hero . My wife worried that the controller might have a delay since it was wireless -LRB- and she experienced a similar problem with a wireless DDR pad . -RRB- This was not the case , the controller is great some people preferring the button being raised in their guitar -LRB- like the guitar hero controller -RRB- , other friends prefer the flush buttons of the rock band controller , but both work great . Unfortunately Activision has made is so that the rock band controller does not work in guitar hero , so we seldom play guitar hero because we have to play it alone . Guitar Hero has nicer graphics than rock band and a decent song list , but it is a lot more fun to play with other people .
 This is a great game for the whole family . Personally , I got tired of the constant screeching of brakes and squealing of tires that were constantly coming from the XBox -LRB- my boys are addicted to racing games -RRB- , so I ordered Guitar Hero III and even I have fun with it!The wireless guitar remote is sturdy and easy to use . The songs are classics plus it 's great for the kid 's hand/eye coordination . Now all we need is another guitar so we can play the co-band segment !
 Guitar Hero III does n't do much different than the last installment did , but what it does offer is by far the best track list to be seen in a Guitar Hero game yet . Featuring spectacular songs like the Rolling Stones ' `` Paint It Black '' and Metallica 's `` One '' ; Guitar Hero III also features selections from Santana , ZZ Top , Pearl Jam , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Smashing Pumpkins , Dead Kennedys , The Killers , Social Distortion , Iron Maiden , Slayer , Dragon Force , and the Sex Pistols among others ; helping make this installment of the game be all the more memorable . What hurts Guitar Hero III though is that the third time around , the game does n't feel fresh anymore , and Activision and Harmonix have n't really done enough to make it all that different from Guitar Hero II . There 's higher difficulty this time around for experienced players , but getting there is a different story that casual gamers wo n't come close to getting towards . Not to mention that the battle modes and boss battles are n't all that interesting or fun either . There is more great XBox Live support though , but it should also be noted that there is a heavy amount of in-game advertising as well , which as you all know by now , is more annoying than anything else . Negatives aside , Guitar Hero III is still a very fun installment of the popular rhythm series , and this installment has the best track list yet . Let 's just hope that next time around Harmonix and Activision do enough to spice up the formula .
 Bought this game because the guitar works with Rock Band , so I got a game along with my extra guitar ... BONUS.A lot of fun , the boss battles are a bit lame but I never played any of the previous versions to compare it to .
 Fans of the Guitar Hero franchise will love this , but it can be difficult at times ; even more so than the second one . Plus , as I gamer who prefers not playing with people I do n't know , I was disappointed at the number of achievements that can only be obtained through online ranked match play , the most competitive of the online game types . That aside , there are lots of great songs and the hammer on/pull off system is more responsive than previous titles .
 I got this bundle because I had played Guitar Hero III before and liked it but mainly because I got Rock Band and wanted a 2nd guitar controller , and the wireless Les Paul looked like the best one . So far , I have been very happy with this bundle , though I 've used the guitar a lot more than the game . In short , this wireless guitar does work with Rock Band -LRB- though the wired Rock Band guitar does not work with Guitar Hero III -RRB- and while I 've heard that people have had problems with their guitars breaking , mine is holding up fine so far .
 This is an awesome game . I am a mom with teenagers and was a unsure that I would enjoy it but the moment we all started playing it we were all hooked . The easy level was right up my alley as a first timer . I loved most of the music . Some of the songs I did not know but it really makes no differance to the game . I do wish they made 80 's edition for x-box 360 . I would jam just a bit harder . I am now almost on the Hard level and nervous about going orange ! There are just some things a pinky should n't do . Do n't worry that will make sence when you get the game . I recomend this game to anyone who will listen !
 This game is AWESOME ... we LOVE it and play it all the time ! The wireless guitar works great , you can move around and act like a `` rock star '' ! Great family fun ... highly recommend the purchase of this game !
 Guitar Hero 3 continues it 's excellent game play and fun from previous titles . The guitar is the best one to date . The strum bar and fret buttons area as smooth as silk , really well designed . Plenty of songs for people of all ages . The ability to to download song via XBOX live is great , even if pricing is a little high . This game would have received a 5 out of 5 if not for the in game advertising . For a game that is all about the idea of being a rock star , it feels the game has sold out with all the advertising . Again , that 's just a minor grip of mine . Guitar Hero 3 is a great game that will keep you entertained for a long time to come . Highly recommended .
 This is a fun game ... and enjoyable ... a game with no shooting ... no killing ... no blood . Just some good music , and reinforces eye/hand coordination . With the various levels and variety of songs ... the challenges are never ending . Great for all ages ... from kids to adults .
 Fun for the whole family !! It 's addicting . We play on a Sony Bravia HD LCD-the graphics are amazing .
 Gave this as a gift and now I rarely see much of the person ! Outstanding game and well worth any wait one has to get one .
 This bundle rocks ... even if you get the game and guitar seperately it is the best . The Les Paul wireless guitar is realistic . They personalize the guitar with the stickers of their choosing , and they think the stickers are cool . I have a 16 and 10 year old . Also , no wires in the way and they can get more faceplates if they want . Neck easily removes for transport or storage . I 've seen many electronics break and this one is holding up ... finally a winner !
 I like keys that click , most people do n't yet they make almost none the only keyboard I ever had was the 2001 sum such form an old nineties computer , but this one has those keys again , but even more sturdy and robust . The response time -LRB- low latency -RRB- is just as advertised and you can use it for more than just games I am typing this with far less fluster than most of my `` high-end '' indi-glow blu `` gaming keyboards '' could dream of . no bulk no indi-glow blu lights , no frilly looks , just performance and a sturdy large set of keys and a deep stroke for gamers -LRB- who are rough on equipment anyway -RRB- . play FPS and RTS in the same form as in EEZILY ! the respones and feel of this device has to be experienced I ca n't explain further ! the keys can be revoved for a different color as in distinguishing a critical key to a non crit also do n't mistakingly put a num key pad `` 1 '' to the `` 1 '' that goes above WAPS or you 'll be tugging to get it free -LRB- not that it seems to damage this arnold schwartzaneiger of a keyboard -RRB- . pair it with creative 's Fata1ity 2020 -LRB- NOT 1010 -RRB- and you 'll have a complete input set for the gaming rig just remember , 2020 is a short squat little mouse and a Danny Divito -LRB- referenced somewhere -RRB- sized mouse and an Arnold Schwartzneiger Keyboard is an odd thing !
 First game i have played like this . I must admit it is a bit hard at first , but getting easier the more i play .
 i love this game it is so addicting i play everyday the game is a little slow to load up but it is worth it it has a variable of texas holdem called omaha very fun a lot more things to plan for before i got this game i never heard of it before i have even bought a second copy just in case of breaking mine or losing it .
 it is a good game and it came to me on time and it was a xbox 360 game and not a pc game like one of the games i got ... it the game i really wanted ...
 this was good to get the game that i like to play but was disstasisfied at how long it took to get to me being 3 weeks longer then stated that it should have been .
 Kids love it ! Easy to play and fun . Deff recommend to anyone who likes a fun hunt . Got ta love Alaska
 This game was a little tough for my son to figure out but he loves it . I have to add words to be able to submit .
 just ad another great game to there francise love these games can go hunting any time cant be mad at that great fun
 Great game , purchased for my boys 16yrs and 11yrs . They both loved it , gave them something to do together . Will purchase the next cabela game , for sure !
 I have never played any of the Cabela 's series games before playing the Alaskan Adventure and I can honestly say that things are to change . I thought this game was amazing and have boughten a fewer other games in the franchise already . The game is based in Alaska obviously putting you in a more freeform almost sandbox environment compared to the other games . I like how you are put in a zone and just go wherever searching for the species you have tags for . No guided paths , wild animals are abundant whether it 's what you need or not . The missions are increasingly difficult and there are a lot of hidden and secret things throughout the game . It can be a little frustrating when you run out of stamina or a wolf attacks you and kills you when you 're one tag away from completing the objective but that 's part of the game . The fishing is pretty annoying especially playing on simulation difficulty -LRB- hardest -RRB- . The three difficulties and customizable characters also give it decent replay value if you 'd like . I do n't usually finish games all the way through but i did with this in two days ! Very fun game . I would suggest it to any one who enjoys shooting games that is n't just shooting random bad guys . This takes a little more skill . Like assassin 's creed meets call of duty . But in a Cabela 's freeform way .
 Not to bad . You really have to hunt . Just ca n't run through and get kills . If you got patience then this is the game for you .
 Granted , some of this game was pretty challenging but I think that is a good thing . Many other Cabela 's games were short and easy . This one has 50 levels with a variety of fishing , hunting , and fowl shooting . Overall , I think this is one of the better Cabela 's games I have played . There are a lot of animals as opposed to many other Cabela 's games where you had to spend all day finding the animal you needed to hunt . Additionally , there are some missions where you have to find a lost ranger/hunter and when you find him he will give you a better weapon . That is another plus for the game . There are a variety of weapons including bow and arrows , shotguns , rifles , pistols , and , my favorite , the magnum . The graphics in the game are pretty decent and each board is huge . Not all the boards are snow boards either . A couple actually are set on top of a mountain where you have to hunt elks and deer . Of course , the biggest complaint is the stamina system . You can barely run five feet before you get tired . However , you can level up and make yourself stronger . The fishing is rather simple and the bird hunting as well but all in all it is a versitile game that should keep your interest . I wonder how good it would be if they put boss battles in it ... I would give this game a chance and worse come to worse it will be a rare game one day and will be worth some money ... most Cabela 's games are .
 Unlike Cabela 's African Safari this game is much more realistic . I would not recommend this game if you do n't have the patience to hide and stalk your prey .
 In this computer game that seems more like aTNG episode , you take the role of Crewman Furlong , whose father was killed by the Borg . Q shows up , turns you into Security officer Sprint , and you are given a chance to save your father , and maybe the entire starship!The only low point is in level three when you travel inside the Borg starship and keep getting assimilated and killed
 The is indeed one of the best and funniest of Star Trek games . it has Challanging puzzules and a lot of surprises too . Buy this game and you will have a lot of fun .
 Well-written and with high production values , and combining some of the best elements of Star Trek with a puzzle-solving game , Star Trek
 Pros :1 . This game is exactly like being in the middle of a Star Trek episode . You play a Star Fleet Cadet who 's father was killed during the Borg encounter at Wolf 359 . You are offered the chance to go back in time shortly before the battle to see if you can change history . As soon as you accept the challenge , you are transported to the bridge of a starship as the crew prepares to engage the Borg . You have the uncanny , poignant experience of watching the father you scarcely knew as he interacts with his shipmates , tries to save his friends , and bravely prepares for a battle he is doomed to lose .2 . I have n't played many Full Motion Video -LRB- FMV -RRB- games , but I thought this one was very well done . The acting is as good as that on any Star Trek episode ; the Borg are horrifying and menacing ; and Q is in magnificent form , as usual . It was great fun to have Q chastise and insult you in the same sarcastic way he uses with Picard or Janeway .3 . The puzzles are well-integrated into the story , and allow you to use some of the equipment and consoles that you 've always wanted to try . I did not consider the bulk of the puzzles to be particularly difficult , although they do require some out-of-the-box thinking . There are lots of alternate endings in this game
 I really like this game because it was funny and I really enjoyed the way it played out . Sadly , it 's no one those one play games that 's only good the first time . However , the producers had a solution to that
 In this computer game that seems more like aTNG episode , you take the role of Crewman Furlong , whose father was killed by the Borg . Q shows up , turns you into Security officer Sprint , and you are given a chance to save your father , and maybe the entire starship!The only low point is in level three when you travel inside the Borg starship and keep getting assimilated and killed
 well written Star Trek computer game . It 's plot is good and I really enjoyed playing it . Yes , I like it .
 Borg is one of the coolest ideas and Trek releases that has ever happened . The story is captivating and the action is fantastic . John de Lancie is once again brilliant as Q , the script and dialogue is hilarious ! If you can get this game , do it ! You will love every single minute of it , it is absolutely fantastic for fellow Q fans !
 This interactive , multimedia , CD-ROM story-game is designed to appeal to females , primarily . The idea of the game is not to beat the game as quickly as possible to get to the end , but to explore all avenues of every choice you must make . If played properly , it will keep you in stitches , and on your toes for hours . Robert O'Reilly , -LRB- who rightfully earned Best Actor for Multimedia presentations -RRB- as Gowron , leader of the Klingon Empire , and mentor of this Federation training program , is magnificiently fatherly and funny at the same time . When you play this game , you honestly feel as if you ARE Pok , the initiate to Gowron 's mentor . Woefully , the writers return Gowron to a two-dimensional trickster in the end , but the game definitely overcomes this single flaw .
 A unique experience . A rowdy band of Klingons drags you along in a well-acted movie tale of honor and revenge with a couple dozen interactive points for you to advance the action . However , before the adventure begins you must learn and be tested on 8 lessons in Klingon language and customs . The two segments take several hours each to complete .
 This interactive movie like game is very intertaining . You pretend to be in a holodeck Klingon training program where you advance through the game by double clicking on different possible objects or people . If you do choose wrong , the computer will put you back a few steps so you can try again . You can also stop the action and click on different objects in the room to get explanations of what they are .
 This game gives great historical information and is a blast to play . The one problem being , yous pend too much time on it ! I am not sorry that I bought it at all . I think the attitude might be a bit pro-Christian , which is the reason I did not give it 5 stars .
 I did a minimum amount of research before buying this game , so there were really no unpleasent surprises . It works just as the promotional information says it does.I was aware that the game was out for a while before I got it . The newest version , `` Warp II '' , is already out , but it does n't offer as many ships , so I decided on the older version.I am an on-line gamer , too , and a big Star Trek fan , but I bought this mostly for the `` make your own starship '' aspect and not the `` gaming '' aspect . As far as I am concerned , the starship creation part rocks and the gaming portion is a bonus way to see how your ship performs . If you buy , though , do n't forget to get the patch on-line . This version of the game allows you to import a digital picture of anyone you want and create a character out of them to crew your ships . That is very cool , and the only thing I really would want out of the new `` Warp II '' version is the ability to edit those pictures so that your subject appears to be in a Starfleet uniform -- if it works well . Not enough to make me want to run out and get it , so in the meantime I will enjoy `` Creator Deluxe '' and wait for `` Warp II '' to go to the bargain bin.The only reason I did not give this game 5 stars is because I thought the producers could have put a little more into the graphics and animation . Maybe even a little more than `` a little more '' , but all in all , I really liked it .
 I like this cd as it gives me what my industry requires , that is providing clients with the ship or ship 's needed for their blog our site . Some hours back I 'd found yet another site that needs an render of the Prometheus ! Now with this I can submit to art , star ship related sites and do an youtube video as well .
 THis is one of the greatest games around , with alot of expandability . I even write missions for it .
 This may not be a fast pased game . But it is worth the money . I 'd say this is a game for any one who can tell conversationly what an inertial dampening system is . This game is a good way to explore teck of Trek . Along wit the diversity of systems is the ability to pock the bridge crew with alot of charecters in the shows or those who are not From Kirk to Samantha Wildman . The missions are a bit slow pased but interact with what systems that you choose . Examle
 Ok , Ok , I was a little impatient in my last review . Actually the game is quite good . For someone who has been looking for a game similar to the old Starflight , this one meets the bill . Good graphics , and once you learn -LRB- do n't be impatient like me -RRB- the basics things go pretty good . It would be nice to be able to land on and do some mining on some of the planets , which are just beautiful , but there is plenty of astroid mining to be done , and lots of trading.Normally I turn off music in FPS games that I play , so all the better to hear the bullets flying , but the music in this game I think is quite good.Give the game a try .
 As an `` old timer '' when it comes to gaming - over 25 years - this is the best Space Sim - check , best GAME , I 've come across since the Civilization line . It DOES have a tutorial . It is EASY to learn . The trick is finding the right add-ons for your ship , which require you to travel around the immense universe and deal with many different species inhabiting the X-universe . Best graphics yet . Fly ANY ship from an ultra-fast scout ship to a full-blown capital ship - carrier or battleship . Wage war , fight pirates , trade for credits , build factories and automate trading throughout the universe . Follow the story line -LRB- much better than Freelancer 's -RRB- or follow your own path to fame and fortune . Freelancer took all of three days to beat . Five months later , I 'm still exploring the X-Universe . And Egosoft keeps coming out with free add-ons for registered owners ! If you want entertainment and value for your gaming dollar , do n't miss out on this one !
 This is really an excellent game . It is much like freelancer , but even better.Main Favorite Features :1 . You can do anything , not just follow the storyline .2 . You can fly around in stations , your own , or someone else 's .3 . You begin fighting when you want to begin fighting .4 . Their are HUGE carriers and transport ships you can pilot .5 . Time device allows you to speed up gameplay -LRB- good for long journies if you do n't have a jumpdrive -RRB- .6 . You can leave your ship and fly in your spacesuit if you wish.much more!Main features that need improvement :1 . VERY hard to make money as a newbie .2 . Bad instruction manual .3 . Kind of hard to get the hang of it at first , but if you stick with it , it will get better ! 4 . Ca n't land on planets.I would suggest this game to anyone who likes a good space sim . If you even remotely liked freelancer , then you should definately try this game , or at least the demo . 5 stars !
 This truly is a great game but with any game it has its strengths and weaknesses . You simpily have to weigh them according to what your looking for in a game . As far as economic empire building and large scale naval stratagy it shines above many others . The economic model is very complex yet easy to learn making it fun to explore and build up massive industrys all with fully automated transports that actually do what you tell them -LRB- the AI actually uses a bit of common sense when doing so -RRB- . However , if your looking to hop into the cockpit of a heavy fighter for a dog fight with lasers blazing you 'll find that the flight controll is so sloppy that you will want to turn the auto-pilot on and sit back and watch the computer smoke the enemys itself . Which again it does a decent job at . As far a the people anamations go , yea there so terrible I actually found them rather houmorous but it takes up about 3-5 minutes of a game that may last you several weeks or even months . At any rate its not what you would buy this game for so who cares , hit ESC and skip 'em . All in all I am glad I bought this game and the company `` Egosoft '' stands behind their product with free game `` updates '' which combine add-ons and patches into one and have a `` modder kit '' to help the gamer create there own changes to the game . Rather than microsoft who published Freelancer and abanded it this company continues to make it better by listning to what gammers have to say in their forum on the company website . And that says alot about a company and its product .
 This game is most similar to some of the massive online games I 've played . Alot of your time in the game is spent in transit to various systems , or just waiting for your transports to move around . -LRB- Definitely set the SETA time compression to 10X ! -RRB- This is the kind of game you want an entire summer to do nothing but play , and might want to pull up a T.V. and throw on a movie while you are waiting for stuff to happen . Once you explore all of the systems and realize there is n't a whole lot of difference between them , -LRB- different factories , races and theme music , hurray -RRB- the game settles in to trying to build up your economic empire of factories and trading runs , and trying to get better ships . The controls on this game and interface are pretty awful , think spreadsheet sytle menus . I found myself staring at one spreadsheet/menu of where all of my ships are for quite awhile , watching them march across to my various factories . In between trying to keep all of my factories from blinking yellow -LRB- meaning they are out of a resource -RRB- , I spent my time trying to keep the khaack -LRB- aptly named -RRB- away from my shipping lines . The problem is they just spawn in from nowhere , and the computer can spawn them in alot longer than your patience for it . Definitely do only the fewest missions possible , as the Khaack get alot worse later in the game . I 'd say wait until you have an M6 corvette before completing all the missions . -LRB- You could do it with an M3 heavy fighter though -RRB- Also , when you have the TP class ship at the beginning of the game with the annoying scientists on board , strip it down before returning the ship and get 400K credits ! Huge time saver ! The learning curve is absolutely unreal , and took me more than a week to figure all out -LRB- I hate tutorials -RRB- . So , play all the tutorials , and good luck figuring it all out . Overall though , this game aims extremely high , but rapidly turned into the game I love to hate . -LRB- Or more like hate to love -RRB- It just is n't nearly polished enough for a game demanding this much playing time . -LRB- Why ca n't my freighters go AROUND khaack ships like they do for other obstacles ? Why do n't the Argon defense forces go after enemy ships in the area ? Why is n't there a `` buy domestic goods '' command , forcing your freighters to buy resources continually from your own factories along safer supply routes ? etc , etc -RRB- If it were done by the likes of Blizzard , it would undoubtedly have been one of the best games ever , but as it stands , I give it 31/2 stars out of 5 . From what I 've read , X3 is even worse when it comes to the programming and finishing touches , so I 'm not planning on getting it anytime soon .
 This game is the best space game I 've ever played . If you like freelancer , then get this game . One thing I love the most about this game is that it is n't linear at all , unlike Freelancer and such . I love the idea of building stations and factories . All the makers of this game need to do is enable you to land on planets and simply add a lot more weapons , ships , etc. . One more thing about this game that is cool is how it evolves .
 Basically , all was said above . The Patch 1.4 removed the flaw of ramming enemys , much features came in addition , and on my AthlonXP 2.8 with 1024 RAM and Radeon 9600 256 MB it runs smooth with all Details in 1024 * 768 * 16 . Genrally I tend to the higher reviews as stated above . It IS needed to `` bite your way through '' at the beginning , but the reward is good . The story is a bit short , not in the time needed to complete , but in a somewhat open and unsatisfying end . On the other hand , most of us probably wont buy a game of this type for the story alone , but for the empire to build . Another problem is the fact , that somewhere in midgame wealthness-wise , you get some troubles with protecting your ships and have to do lots of repetive work to advance , which in itself isnt bad cause it stays fun . But the living-universe-feeling looses a bit once the news on the blackboards of the stations begin to repeat only `` news '' you already know . As I didnt play for a while because of hardware damage , I cant tell if that is still present in 1.4 though.All in all nothing more but small flaws in a great game , if you are looking for freedom . 'Cause thats what you got , what freelancer always missed . The freedom to abandon storyline , to pirate , patrol , trade , build and explore as you wish . What keeps the station still somewhat alive are the audio-announcements like `` Small Lisa is missing her parents , please come and get her at the casino , deck 20 , section 23 . `` or `` Deck 34 is closed due to maintenace work on reactor . `` or `` Please note our special offers in the family market on deck 12 ! `` Just a small detail , but it really adds . And there are many such details in this game .
 This is a very very good looking space simulation . O man , my mouth dropped . The last good simulation I played was Wing Commander 3 . Flying through Nebulas with the cockpit view made me feel like I was there . The cutscenes however could use some work -LRB- needs a good artistic touch with textures - they were off color -RRB- . This is a long long game period . The parts I played were fun . However , I did n't quite get what I am supposed to do at certain points . For example , Argon One ... what the hell was that ? It took me a couple of memory walkbacks later I realize it was the first ship I came out of dock with . You wo n't find it easily on the map without some searching or a good scanner . The economy is good and realistic enough to be fun . The only draw back is that I find the whole game to be really really long . Then again it could be a good thing since I usually beat the whole story of a game in just a week . Very replayable with the egosoft site pointing gamers to forums and a modding community.Btw , simulators are an absolute necessity since the learning curve is more like climbing a cliff ... a really large cliff ... with no safety . Partly due to the difficult keyboard interface . The rest of it is due to the many things taking place around you . Not only do you have to keep track of the enemies in front of you . You can have around 5 `` monitors '' to look at in addition to the main screen in capital -LRB- larger -RRB- ships . It 's not a bad thing nor is it a good thing . I just feel it is necessary to the playing of these game types . However , I do feel the tutorial should not need an update in order to function properly.The update you have to be careful about . Some of the versions ca n't use certain updates . It took me awhile to realize this fault in the update system . -LRB- caused my system display error message after error message -RRB- Graphics 10/10Gameplay 8.5 / 10Ease of Use 7/10Overall 8/10
 This is the closest game I found in the Elite genre of space faring simulations , which is both good and bad . I always enjoyed Elite on the truly Old School gaming computer platforms , and I remember being discouraged at it 's difficulty and obtuse interface - but eventually satisfied knowing that I used skill to overcome those obstacles . X2 comes with many of these same problems and reminds me that it will eventually have the same reward.It 's a fantastic trade-combat space simulation based in a giant universe , filled with hundreds of stations and planets and plenty of bad guys . You fly around in a ton of completely configurable and different ships , dock and trade with many stations , create your own factories , and eventually develop a fleet filled with fighters , cruisers , and destroyers - all of which you can put into formations and control at any time , including any of their turrets.Sounds great so far . I was hooked . However , there 's a very steep learning curve involved at first , and the tutorials do little to help you other than give you basic controls and only a slight mention of how the economy of the X2 universe works . The game is not originally in English and the cutscenes are often poorly translated and very lame , with bad character animation , awful camera angles , and confusing mission parameters . Personally , I chose the `` sand-box '' mode by ignoring any mission past # 2 and giving me free reign throughout the galaxy.Anyway , you have to find out much on your own , and you 'll find yourself creating multiple Save Game files before and after you buy/sell some expensive items - just like the original 1990ish Elite . That 's a good thing for experienced and `` realism '' sim players , but bad for the casual player . In another nod to Elite you can only save at stations or when you have bought `` Salvage Insurance '' . The game can be very unforgiving . You 'll be excited after your 2nd mission when you are rewarded with a decent sized freighter , just to find it comes with NO weapons or shields ... AND there is n't a base selling those things anywhere near you . Or , you 'll find this freighter MUCH slower than the ships you piloted before - we 're talking 10 times slower , requiring you to spend 4 + minutes travelling to a station before you can even dock to sell your Energy Cells for a mere 7 credit profit each.The initial pacing of the game is more than a little bit off , because you 'll barely want to spend time exploring the trade opportunities in the first system , let alone screw around in the other 4 systems you discovered during the first mission.Manual flight and combat is very hard , mostly because your initial fighters behave like a slug , and you can tell the navigation console in the game is NOT built for real time action . Forget the intuitive control of Freelancer or even Freespace 2 . Learning to use the mouse or joystick for control is a fairly involved effort , especially because the game simply does n't let you remap many hotkeys.After 10 hours in the game , you 'll rarely bother to pilot your ship manually , often relying on Sector maps , auto piloting and time compression - and pre-programming fighter wingman defense - to get your to your destination.However these automatic features make the game a ton more fun . With enough cash , you can create a massive , shielded freighter - or five - and assign each of them an escort of completely configurable fighters . Every figher or freighter can have multiple turrets , each with individual AI . If you do n't care for the AI , you can use the Remote Monitor features to jump into command of any ship in your fleet , at any time - in the current system or any other system . The options are daunting , especially considering that you can create your own factories -LRB- and transports for those factories -RRB- , and then set fighters to defend them if they come under pirate attack.Although difficult to get used to , and not necessarily for the average Freelancer-ish game player , X2 is not without it 's charms . The graphics are gorgeous , the universe is huge , and the options to create your own stations / factories / economy / fleet are there . The options to manually dock with stations and escort your ship inside the station and into their actual loading bays grows old after a while - and you can skip it with autopilot and the right equipment - but it 's still a nice touch.Definitely head to the developers website to download the latest patch after you install the game , which improves on the often suicidal enemy AI and fixes a ton of bugs that ship with the commercial reelase .
 I 've only been playing this game for a couple of days , so this is a early review of something that will probably mature with the release of patches over the next few months . So I 'll bear that in mind.This game has a lot to live up to
 And this game sure delivers on that ! The character animation is horrible and the story/plot line of the game takes only a few hours to complete . Do n't get this game if you are looking for structured linear gameplay ... Also do n't get this game if you dont have a good programmable joystick and throttle control . Also do n't play this game if you are looking for an awesome battle soundtrack -LRB- use you own music for that ... rob zombie music makes the battles awesome ! -RRB- . I love the game because it has an option called scripting thats activiated through a sort of cheat code making a console window appear on command ingame allowing endless modifications and add ons . Since the laser battles in this game stock are pathetic and slow there are scripts you can get from fan sites to speed up or slow down or even animate and automatically take care of the boring stuff so you can go out and blow stuff up and take over the entire universe ... there are even scripts that get rid of all spaceship sounds sines some people want realisim in space battles while keeping that menacing rumble of a starship in the cockpit view ... But YOU NEED A FULL JOYSTICK . I actually broke my joystick from playing this game so much and pulling hard manuvers.Since most reviews here are a little blan Im going to describe what its like after it 's modded and scripted correctly . Tweaked to my tastes , if you will.Imagine cruising in with your carrier class starship ... bigger than anything else in the game . You ship is upgraded and modded to the max ... this is something that could scare the gods themselves as it unleashes its full load of 150 heavy , medium , and scout class fighters to all swarm in on the usually overpowering enemy . The battle lasts for hours and you have to do everything in your power not to let your beautiful and heavily armed Carrier or battleship from getting destroyed by the enemys larger ships.You have your own personal and heavily armed corvette class ship waiting in your carriers docking bay for a quick escape just incase the unlikely event of having your carrier or battleship destroyed happens or if your carrier or battleships jumpdrive is destroyed and or the engines are damaged to the point you ca n't save the pride and joy of your armada . The battle begins to shift in your favor as your fast , heavily armed , corvette class ship squadron breaks off of their sector to sector patrolling to aid in your fight . They exit the jump gate into the system and begin wiping the enemy out of existance almost effortlessly , using their own single scout ships for coverfire or as extra moving sheilds . Missles , laser light bolts , ships , debris , asteroids , even foolish trader and passenger ships fly by your view as the battle rages on.After a few more intense moments ... the enemy system is now yous to plunder and take over . You have your corvette class ships go in for repairs and then back on their patrols to keep the errant pirates or alien ships from messing with your trade routes and freighters and stations . You send out your carriers wing of heavy freighters to search and pick up all the spoils of battle . Bringing you back enough supplies and parts to not only upgrade , and repair your damaged ships but to buy you a second battleship.And when the battle is over you now have fame ! Every distressed system in the universe wants your help ! After re-arming and repairs , you head off for yet another intense and extreme space battle ... where there is no right side up or down , and there is no gravity to slow you down . The enemy can , and will , attack from every possible angle ... And this time , they know your weakspot ... and the enemy heads right for your prized carrier in a kamakaze style attack ... It 's time to get in your personal , customized , one of a kind corvette class ship and help with taking down the enemy in the hopes you will be able to get your carrier to limp out of the battle and to a station for repairs before it gets destroyed completely.Now it 's time to be sneaky and use underhanded tactics such as hiding in asteroid tunnels and blasting anyone that flys by . Or using the sun in that system as visual cover for your ship while you come roaring by , blasting everything that moves . Strafing , sliding , barrel rolls . Making your fast and heavily sheilded corvette class ship a big enough of a threat to the enemy that most of them break off the attack on your wounded carrier , giving it enough time to limp its way to a jump gate and get to a protected and friendly star system.You also send your other ships along with it ... It 's now you and your corvette class ship and it 's single docked medium fighter against 10 enemy battleships , 4 enemy carriers , and hundreds of every size enemy fighter coming to splatter your atoms all over the universe ... You can run for your life ... Die -LRB- surrender is not an option -RRB- ... or ... you can turn up your heavy metal battle music , grin , and charge full speed at the unstopable hoards of enemy fighters and capital ships and damage and destroy as many of the smaller ships as possible by getting them to crash into each other or follow you into an asteriod tunnel network and have them crash into the rock walls in the darkness before blasting out of the ateroid with a huge fireball following you , leaving the battle and jumping to another system while the enemy now fears you ... it 's your choice ... there is no commander to give you orders ... there is no structured storyline to hide in and recover for a while ... It 's just you and a universe full of danger and profits and edge of your seat action space battles .
 In the last review - I stated that I had only been playing the game for a few days . Now I 've been playing it for almost a week . This game is brilliant . The more you play , the more involoved you become in the dynamic economy . It truly is amazing . Add 4 % to the last review . This may just be the next elite.Mirko .
 I only write a review if something is really good or really bad , happily in this case it 's really good . I know its hard , if you do n't have the rest of your life to play this game to build up the economic empire you 'll need to complete the story or at least the credits you 'll need to stay alive . I 'd suggest you download the pre-made savegame that starts you out with 989,999,999 credits , once you get a chance to see how good and how much fun this game can be you 'll be impressed . It 's not only 21th century elite but it 's the first space game I 've played that I liked more then privateer and for all those who played Tachyon
 Very involving ! I love space games and I 'm glad this one is out . It was hard and frustrating in the 1st day , but its more amazing every day now.I think it is more for the enjoyers of games like Flight Simulator , and the oldies Elite -LRB- MSX -RRB- and Starflight -LRB- Genesis -RRB- . It is a space RPG , not an action game . You fly around , buy items , mine asteroids , trade , get to fight here and then , and enjoy the graphics and the relaxing feeling you 're in space . But I say again that it is hard and complicated at the beginning , but when it 's mastered it gets very simple to control . I have a joystick but I do n't use it at all . Not even the mouse . So , give it a time , and do n't worry about the very slow graphics . You 'll adjust the settings as you go and it 'll get fast.Let me give it some marks
 I am very happy with my purchase of this game . It has its issues , such as the horrible cutscenes and obscene learning curve , but once you get the hang of it the game is incredible . The graphics are beautiful , the economy is very deep , and the universe is huge and completely non-linear . If you liked Freelancer but felt it was not open ended enough , this game is for you .
 I have been playing X2-the Threat for about a year , and I have not gotten board yet ! There is a lot of stuff to do . And then there is some more.You can own more than one ship at a time . A lot of them . You can own stations and factories . A lot of them . You can own battleships . If you can pay for them.If you get tired of running the details you can automate them.In most games things only run when you are there . The places you are not are frozen . But in X2 everything runs all of the time . All over the `` universe '' of the game . Even in places you have not discovered yet . Leave your factory and go exploring and when you come back it has made you half a million credits and boosted the economy for six sectors around . But one of its freighter ships has taken damage from a pirate attack.The economy starts out in a recession -LRB- probably to give the new player opportunities for profits -RRB- and as you build factories and trade products the other nations economies start to wake up . If you corner the market prices will go up . But the factories will got buy from other nations when the prices get too high.The menu controls are a little slow and the character animation is clunky , but I can live with that.And it does too have a training and tutorial section ! But most of my onfo I got from the EgoSoft Forums .
 X2 is definitely a complex game that can be difficult to learn and even more difficult to master . However , if you like games that are similar to Privateer and Elite , then X2 shuod be worth the time and effort to learn how to play.For the most part is an economics game that takes place in space . Yes , yes there is combat too , but how do you think you will be able to afford a heavy fighter , not to mention a carrier than can carry large numbers of fighters ? The game focuses a lot on making money . One way would be to trade commodities from stations that supplies such products to those that demand such products like energy , and silicon waffers . The game is truly expansive and there are more ways than one to make money.Pros :1 . A space simulation that focuses on making money as well as combat .2 . A simple to understand economy , however due to the dynamics of of the economy , mastering it can be difficult .3 . Multiple ways of making money be it trading , providing transportation , travel tours , or assassination missions , and a few more .4 . The ability to change the economy be build several different types of factories . There are some factories that are unique to certain races . You can truly build an economic empire that can span throughout the explored sectors .5 . You want ships , or better yet , your own space faring armada ? You got it ! Provided you can make enough money to buy capital ships , various types of fighters , corvettes , and a fleet of transports to keep your factories going .6 . Each ship has different flight characteristics so learning how each ship fly can be interesting or exasperating depending your point of view .7 . Space is huge , and so are the number of sectors to explore . The game is expansive and freeform , but not to the extent Morrowind is .8 . The Forum . Yes , the Forum . Believe it or not , but one of the best features about the game is the Forum at Egosoft.com . Are you stumped , want to learn tricks , or just looking for info ? Then do n't hesitate to go to the Forum , you 'll be glad you did . There is a wealth of info there .9 . Scripts and mods that are freely available that can change the way the game is played . Some user created scripts are even signed off by the developer . Thus , they are completely safe to run in the game .10 . Oh , did I mention the nice graphics?Cons :1 . Not a game for those looking to jump right into combat .2 . Can be a little time consuming just to get acquainted with the game .3 . Different flight characteristics for each ship . What , you expect a frieghter to turn on a dime like a scout ship -LRB- light fighter -RRB- ? 4 . Do you want to humble your computer ? Think your system can handle any current game out there if it can handle the likes of Doom 3 , or Half Life 2 ? Then go build up a sector with lots of factories , and watch your frame rate plummet . You 'll think there 's something wrong with your computer or graphics card . Nope !!! There are a lot of calculations going on in the background . The more factories there are in a system , the more traffic there will be , and your poor CPU will have to calculate the path of all those transports running around .5 . Combat can be frustrating in very populated sectors.This is not a game for everyone , but it is the best game there is for those looking for a space econmics game like Privateer , and Elite . Oh , wait let me rephrase that . It is the only game out there .
 Everything everyone has said about this game is true . I happen to like the game as it is , but I can see where ATI users would have a problem . The game 's learning curve is tremendous , but the online forums at www.egosoft.com and the commander 's page http://www.the-commander.com/ are a great couple of resources . Keep in mind that the gameplay mechanics are a little wonky at times , the developers do pay attention to the forums and there is a great player-mod community hard at work.A note to college students
 Starship Titanic is not based on Hitchhiker 's Guide , but is very similiar in style . The game is very good , but can be difficult at times . However , unlike most games where dialogue is just something to proceed the plot , in this game it is actually a funny and entertaining diversion thanks to the great dialogue engine and voice acting . Between the funny , but annoying parrot and the Elevator attendant who constantly talks about his wartime exploits -LRB- what war , we do n't know -RRB- . Buy this game if you want a funny and interesting ride . Also , buy the book to learn about the story .
 I love this game ! I had it when it was first released and played it many times . Then I loaned it to my son who spilled soda on it . Boo-hoo . Been without ever since.Now I am re-purchasing . I still have all my old accessories including my `` Do n't Panic '' button and 3-D glasses . I ca n't wait to plug it into my Mac and play again . It 's like an old friend.The only reason it did n't get 5 stars on the overall rating is because sometimes the bots can be a bit tedious while other bits are repetitious . I love it anyway . For me it is a relaxing change from everything else . Rather like slipping into your old comfy house slippers .
 This program views the bridges of the original Enterprise , Enterprise-A , Enterprise-D , Voyager , and Defiant from the point-of-view of the captain 's chair -LRB- of course ! -RRB- . Goes in great details of each ship 's ' capabilities , and gives a great graphic view of the external parts of each ship . Definatly check it out if you 're a trekkie fan , or if you just like a good graphic tour of a star ship .
 Visit five different starship bridges and you get to press the buttons to launch shuttles , fire weapons , go to warp , land the voyager , and more . Plus examine all the bridge stations and the LCARS -LRB- Library Computer Access and Retrieval System -RRB- screens , plus many hand held items on seats and tables . Examine the exterior of the ships . Plus play three different games on the original Enterprise bridge . Uncover the secret code to unlock a sixth bridge of a klingon ship ! -LRB- Hints at maxiumdefiant.com -RRB- A great addition to any Star Trek Fan 's collection .
 Overall I agree with the other reviews . I purchased this `` game '' when it first came out . It 's fun to poke around and play with each station -LRB- blow up Voyager ? oh my ! -RRB- The only problem I 've had is the E conference lounge access - anybody know how to get in there ? I have n't been able to find any hints ! Arrgh
 I have a ton of Star Trek games but , this is one of the neatests.You get to go on any of five Star Trek Bridges and push buttons and shoot probes and phasers . The best part is you get to pick up props like phasers and hyprosprase . You even get to open a tricorder . The games mostly free-roaming , actualy it is all free roaming . It 's live action to exept for the original enterprise which is cheap 3-D . The only bad part is that you can get bored after your first three days of playing . It 's not like you sit there for a month and try to beat it . It is a game to come back to and play every once and a while though . COOLEST STAR TREK GAME EVER.P.S . I hear people buy this game and get disapointed because they ca n't free roam the whole ship . I do have another game called STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION INTERACTIVE TECHNICAL MANUAL that let 's you free-roam every main room on the enterprise-D only . Including Enginering , Ten Foraward , Transportation -LRB- like beaming -RRB- and even the captains quarters . Check this game out to !
 Captain 's Chair is a very interesting look at some of the ships that were on all of the TV series besides Enterprise . Now , I guess because it 's called `` Captain 's Chair '' , it does n't have DS9 but it does have the Defiant . Overall , I think that the TNG Interactive Techinal Manual is better when it comes to information and more detal . What this has that I did n't see in the TNG Manual was the interviews with the cast . That 's right , when you explore the ships , you can find on the capain 's chair a button that will have interviews with George Takei , Michael Dorn and so on . They talk about why they wanted to work on Trek and other things . Every ship has an option a tour that can be given by one of the crew voiced by the real actors , but it 's only voice and you do n't see them . This is a cool thing to have , just for the videos and tours , but I think the Technical Manual probably had a lot more info .
 I do n't know why this one never caught on . It has all the graphics and sounds of all the popular ships . Enterprise the original , the E and the D , the Defiant from DS9 and Voyager . It covers just about everything except the engine rooms which could be done with an updated version . It 's literally has just about each sound and graphic from each bridge . It 's something I found by accident at a local gaming store . I always thought there was no way they could make a decent package . Seeing the copyright is 97 ' it 's not the most sharpest picture , however the computer graphics from each ship work station make up for it .
 captians chair allows you to actully take a tour or even go in direct battle it is grEAT YOU HAVE GOT TO BUY IT IF you are treky
 ... this one is top notch . I 'd really like to see more of this type product .
 No silly `` bluff '' and `` tell '' games , no freezing in the middle of tournaments , and no unnessecary stuff on the side.just good poker , with realistic people playing along side of you.With this game , you start off as a protege of Chris `` jesus '' fergeson , and you follow his advice through tournaments and WSOP invitational events , as well as heads-up play verses some of the best -LRB- and jennifer tilly , i guess , as well -RRB- . One of the more redeeming factors about this game was that for once , without a silly game on the side , i was actually able to intimidate the computer players . Based on their verbal responses , they said things like `` phew ... not with how you 're playing today . I fold . '' that 's absolutely incredible to me , considering i had been attempting to play to just that end . my previous strong calls had actually caused the computer to fold.Also , in the tournaments , Mr. Fergeson has various bits and pieces of advice . Such as , when he tells you that a certain person is n't going to let you steal the blinds , they really are n't . you better have the cards to call , because that person , should they choose to stay in the pot in the first place , is n't going to give up even a small amount of chips very easily.a fun side note is that for once , you can actually play ad hoc with other players directly , without having to go through a silly internet server or having to be near a wireless access point . just two friends with psp 's , and a fully charged battery -LRB- got ta love that built in wireless -RRB- , and you are off to good poker fun.overall , the game is incredibly impressive , considering the caliber of poker games that we have already seen -LRB- or rather NOT seen -RRB- on the market until today.a great notch in the belt of World Series of Poker computer and video games , i ca n't wait to see what they come out with next . -- BTW ... the implied thing that i have n't really mentioned , is that since this game is a little more realistic ... it 's HARDER . this is n't the type of video game you pick up and expect to beat instantly . these players play well , and they change their style . one time they 'll call you and try to bluff you out with a 2-4 offsuit ... but the next hand they 'll be slowplaying you with pocket aces . good luck to all that try on the `` professional '' level .
 After playing through the other PSP poker games , I was pretty bored with the lack of imagination and seemingly quickly thrown together software . Games like Stacked had so much potential to really be great , they just did n't go the extra few feet to make it so.Although this one also could have used some parts already integrated in the game to really make it more fun -LRB- the custom poker basement should have been an interactive part of the game , playing poker I mean , not just playing doll house ... -RRB- But as for the structure and level of competition , it rocks .
 i 've played 2 poker games so far and this IS the better one . the other is howard lederer 's piece of crap of a game . i was expecting much better AI with this game but did n't get it . you still have pros going all in KNOWING they 're going to hit the river . you still have all players at your table folding when you get A K -LRB- or some other solid starting hand -RRB- after a modest raise . almost any raise will cause all to fold . but when the NPCs play , they 'll call anything pre-flop . there almost seems to be no happy medium between game speeds . slow is WAY too slow with WAY too much chatter . medium is still very slow . and fast is ludicrous speed . also , there is n't much character customization available.as for realism , i 'd say no . `` jesus '' plays a hold 'em or fold 'em game with you where he gives you thumbs up or down on starting hands . if you follow his advise , you 'll probably do well at a real table with pros -LRB- i do n't know , never played with pros -RRB- . but on this game , you 'd be folding about 39 out of 40 hands dealt . and then , you 'll get odd thumbs up for 6 5 off-suite or 7 10 off-suite . i know the amount of the blind has a lot to do with whether a hand is playable or not . that 's normal . but i 'd kick 6 5 off-suit all day long and not feel bad about it.another problem is there 's very limited play available when you first start . the first game you play is a home game . win or lose , you move on to a real tournament of 4 games to play ; limit or no limit @ $ 500 entrance fee or limit or no limit @ $ 1,500 entrance fee . all other games available earn you nothing in money or rank as far as i know.now the game does have a much nicer interface . it 's visually appealing . the sound is much better with 1 flaw ; there is a looped background chatter that ca n't be turned off without disabling all sounds you want to hear . gets repetitive.haven ' t tried the ad hoc mode but that 's probably the best part of this game . then i 'll be able to play with real players using a nice interface .
 IT IS A FUN GAME . BUY IT IF YOU LIKE PLAYING POKER THIS IS A GOOD GAME TO START DOING THAT
 The graphics in this WSOP version are great , compared with the first , which were sketchy and weird . I have played this game a few hours and its very entertaining , and challenging . The AI is smart enough for most people , maybe not for a few `` geniuses '' in the reviews who beat every tournament in a few hours . If they were that smart , I would be playing live tournaments getting rich , just a little thought.I have won about 3 tournaments in this game , but believe me , they 're hard . I highly recommend it.P.D . There 's plenty of tournaments and if you play all of them , you advance to next year 's . One minor flaw , the `` ambience '' sound sucks . Its a repetitive 5 second noise , with the same pots in the `` kitchen '' falling over , and over again . I just turn it off .
 This poker game was done pretty well . I found it to be quite entertaining when I needed to kill some time in an airplane or doctor 's office . It plays well , the graphics are decent , and the AI is pretty good . I do n't play it extensively , but it does seem like you could get a pretty good track on how the AI players will respond pretty quickly if you play a lot . This might be good or bad depending on if you think this is realistic in real poker . I think it is . If you 're looking for a portable poker game this one is pretty close to tops .
 It 's easy to play and I passed several hours losing -LRB- and some winning -RRB- . On the PSP it was just as good as the PC version I have .
 I got this for my fiance for valentines day and he absolutely LOVED it ! It had amazing graphics , games/tournaments , and tips . Its a great buy and totally worth the purchase . I would recommend this game for anyone who likes poker .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THIS GAME . I THOUGHT IT WAS A LOT OF FUN . I 'LL AGREE WITH SOME OF THE OTHER PEOPLE AND SAY IT WAS SHORT . BUT HOW MANY GAMES CAN YOU GET A LAP DANCE AND SEE FULL NUDITY ? NOT MUCH ! EITHER WAY THE SOCIAL INTERACTION DURING THE GAME WAS VERY GOOD . MY ONLY COMPLAINTS WERE THAT I WANTED A LITTLE MORE FIGHTNG COMBO 'S AND THAT IT WAS SO SHORT . BUT THE GRAPHICS WERE GOOD AND THE GAME WAS PRETTY NEAT . PLUS PLAYING POKER WITH TONY SOPRANO IS PRETTY AWESOME IN IT SELF ! DID I MENTION THE STRIPPERS AT THE BADA BING ? ROAD TO RESPECT IS A VERY FUN GAME . IT 'S NOTHING LIKE THE GTA GAMES ! I GET TIRED OF PEOPLE COMPARING GTA TO EVERY THING . SO ANY WAY FOR LESS THAN 10 BUCKS IT 'S A GREAT GAME .
 This game had a great storyline and graphics , though I thought it was too short . I 'm 12 and I beat it in one day ! This game kind of reminds me of the game Bully , with the same camera and fighting system . Joey is a great character along with the others . It 's pretty funny , too .4 stars .
 This game is very good in it 's own way , not GTA . The story is different obviously as games that are made after movies or shows has to be different a little . Maybe there wo n't be free will , but we did n't get it and play it , just so we can free will . What ever happened to playing the games for the story ? That 's what this game is about . It 's an excellent story with the same touch and feel as the T.V. show . I do n't see why so many games HAS TO BE like GTA . `` It 's not like GTA '' . Obviously it is n't , it 's THE SOPRANOS . Not every single shooting game has to be like GTA . Yes , GTA is good with the free will , upgrades and all of the cool stuff , but GTA will never be very good with the story lines . The Getaway , The Godfather , The Sopranos and other games like these out-star GTA when it comes to the plot of this story . The Sopranos is better than most Stories of GTA . I recommend this game .
 Not bad at all . . I was actually suprised . It is a pretty simple game to play . . not too easy ... yet not too hard either . Its nothing major like GTA , but it is def . a good game . I recomend renting first , and if you like it then buy it .
 They have all the cast members involved , David Chase was involved -LRB- check out the ` making of ' special on HBO - it 's PS2 so not as pretty as 360/PS3 , but I think it 's an ideal show-to-game adaptation .
 If you are a fan of the TV series , I would say that you would get more fun out of this game . All of the great characters are there and yes the game is short , but it is also a lot of fun . The story definitely fits with the style of the TV series . One minor complaint about the game is that it may be a little too easy , but I prefer a game that way compared to one that is impossible to beat . Overall , I 'd defintely recommend this game to those that love the Sopranos . It is definitely a thrill to see and hear all of the characters and the actors that play them
 i only played this game one time and i think it 's a very good game , despite thats it not very long but i love the fact you can beat some sense into your enemies , if they do n't give in . But i guess at the end , i do n't know why but you get wacked and bada bing , the game is over.but hey , i will buy the game for 4 bucks and enjoy it as much as i can.I love the Sopranos , especially when they beat the SHi ??? out of people who do n't respect them .
 HUGE SOPRANO FAN IN MY OPINION THE GAME WAS AWSOME IT WAS KINDA SHORT BUT IT WAS ENTERTAINING .
 I bought this game at another website for $ 10 and that is pretty much all its worth . The graphics are OK nothing we have n't seen before . Looks a lot like a WWE game just going off of character models and the control scheme . As far as the story is concerned it is way too short . I had this game in my hands on Thursday , started playing Friday night -LRB- or Saturday morning depending on how you look at it -RRB- and had it finished Sunday night . I played for about a total of five hours and the game was done . It was worth 10 dollars but no more . I feel sorry for the people who payed fifty .
 Well actually my wife bought this game for my birthday because I am a big Soprano fan . I only played the game a couple of times so far and it is fun to play but wish it could have been a little harder and a bit more involved . Do n't get me wrong the game is good and fun to play and the voice overs from the original cast members are great , but it is not for the young ones thats for sure . I hate to say this but wish it could have been like Grand Theft only soprano style as it seems like every other game is using this format . Because you ca n't go around exploring and the missions are cut and dry with no option to do anything else but the mission . There is one enjoyable part where you can play Texas Hold 'em with the Soprano crew that is just a laugh with the comments and all . All in all playing about two or three hours so far into the game it is fun and enjoyable but a little on the easy side .
 this game was fun and great funny to just like the series . The way you talk to , you can either talk smooth normal or hard if you talk smooth then you gain respect but if you talk hard then you get no respect whitch is not a good thing cause if you do n't gain respect then people is going to talk about you and call you out you no like the series . but this game was ` nt that short it was a little but it was still fun and great .
 The Sopranos
 We enjoyed this game very much as we are Sopranos fans . The graphics are great and the story line is fantastic .
 I myself just ordered the game and I am pretty sure Amazon has wrongly informed us that the game is already out . If you go to other gaming websites they put the games release date at November 7 . So there is a good chance the game wo n't be shipping until around that time .
 I know that the title of this review sounds strange , but I wanted to write a review from a little different perspective than most of the other reviewers of PS2 games . In short , I wanted to represent those of us out there who enjoy games on a more casual basis . Believe it or not , there are those of us out there who do n't have weeks upon weeks to make it through a long and challenging game but , instead , just want to play , roam , and follow a story in a matter of a few hours . I have tried several traditional role-playing games and I can tell you that after a few times getting defeated at the end of a level and having to redo the same action over and over again , I grow quickly bored . In fact , I dare say that I have yet to finish even one game because I get so frustrated by having to repeat the levels . Well . I 'm happy to announce that you do n't have to worry about that with this game . Yes , it is very easy . But that is EXACTLY what I loved about it.The Sopranos
 I woke up this morning and found myself a gun and decided to continue the Sopranos story on my PS2 . Following the finale of one of the greatest shows ever to grace our screens , I decided to finally play The Sopranos
 This game was fun but missed a few things for me to keep from giving it 5 stars . It would n't let you play some mini games that looked like it should have been built in . Also some weapons were not available when you really needed it them.All in all was fun and graphics were good but the play time was short and did n't have any additional levels . Character voices and faces were true to their tv characters .
 You 're lost in Morrowind . Just begun the game and have no idea where to go or what to do next ? Stuck on Level One for too long ? Well , this book will answer all your questions.Filled with comprehensive maps and quest descriptions , Morrowind Prophesies will please even the most demanding fan . This book is well written , informative , and entertaining . It is well worth reading , and well worth owning .
 I just received my DS for Christmas . This was the first game I purchased for my DS . I am not a expert at gaming , but I must say this game was very fun to play and easy for a `` Mom '' to understand . I found that the levels advanced nicely and did not jump to anything so hard I had to put the game down . I only asked my son to help once and that was at a Boss level ! The controls for sailing the ship was very easy and made for a fun trip . The puzzles were just hard enough to keep me working but not too hard to solve . I hope another DS Zelda game comes along soon !
 I have an old version of Zelda for Genesis and thought it was fun , but this is by far the best game I have played.I could n't put it down for hours on end.It is n't too hard or too easy . Very intertaining I think .
 This game is very fun . When you first get it I would suggest leaving it on the first night to get a lot of money because each item is obscenely expensive . Also , I recommend the island course .
 THIS GAME IS THE COOLEST ON THE PLANET . U SHOULD GET IT I REALLY RECCOMEND IT . HAVE FUN GOOD LUCK .
 This game is awesome . You can build anything to do with golf . I recommend this game.I hope to get it maybe possibly.Hope this was useful.I do n't have it though .
 Being both an avid golfer and a Sim-Game buff , I 've been waiting for a game like this for a long time . So far this game is worth the money ! You can dream up a course , design it , and build it.I like that you can go into a `` CAM '' and fly around and look at everything from just about any angle.If you thought that Activision could n't make a great `` Tycoon '' game because - Fast food tycoon - and - ski resort tycoon - were mediocre , you should buy this game to get your money 's worth for all three of those games . * PROS
 This game starts out pretty cool with all the different courses you can create . after a while , however , it gets hard to think of new holes , and like all tycoon games , money managing is hard . It 's a good challenge , and very addictive .
 this is the best game ever . gust one thing . you get monny to fast . and can not put water , bunkers . well the game is cool , you can see people . well if your looking for a building games see minecraft pc .
 Interesting concept . Great graphics . My only problem is the game tends to run a little slow and freezes up every so often .
 I picked two of these up from Meyer about three weeks ago for 10 dollars a piece . They work just like the nintendo brand one . only thing that i do not like about them is the grip . to start out the grips are fine and work good but the more you play the grips actually make it hard to hold on to . they become slippery and they become uncomfertable in your hands . i bought a rubber cover for it and that solved my problems . over all this is a smart option to get but i would not get it unless it was under 15 bucks .
 Used this for a month now , no trouble . I like the grips and so far seems just as good as nintendo 's nunchuks -LRB- and I paid less too -RRB- . UPDATE
 I got the controller in good time but 1 had turned out malfunctioning so when i contacted them they sent a tested replacement right away their fast , reliable and really nice I will definitely be using them again
 My kids love the grip on this and have said it is much more comfortable than the original Wii controller . We use this every day and it goes through quite a few people and kids at any given time . This has held up really well . I would recommend this controller and will be getting another one very soon -LRB- maybe the pink this time -RRB- .
 SO far the product is working fine , it can on time and the price was in my budget.I will recomended to my friends.Thank you for care .
 They work great ! They feel and appear larger than the regular nunchucks so my husband and I are using these . We let our kids use the regular ones . Overall the nunchucks are awesome !
 Did n't realize the system came with a nunchuck , but happy to have this one with the `` gripper '' built it - great to hold on to - even when sweating .
 this game rocks , it has great graphics and good programing . people should buy this game
 This is a well coded helicopter sim , a very realistic flight model can be selected , or novices can use a `` dummied down '' version to get their feet wet . There are plenty of missions to fly and includes a head-to-head multiplayer mode , or a scenario-based multiplayer mode . The graphics are very good , some complexity could be added , but all-around very good and very entertaining .
 I 've been playing the Comanche game series since version 1 in the DOS days . I know these games better than anyone who 's written any of these reviews . Comanche Gold is nothing more than Comanche 3 , only upgraded to a Windows version and with new missions added . The engine is the same , settings are the same , graphics are the same -LRB- but with increased resolution -RRB- , sound is the same , and wingman and enemy AI is the same -LRB- though they claimed it was vastly improved -RRB- . Now many years old , this game is still fantastic and one of the best helo sims you can get for multiple reasons : Flight Model
 ever since I bought USAF I was like great but I need a Sim for a chopper . Comanche Gold suited my needs , this sim has good graphics , runs on most PC 's and has over 80 missions . You can contol everything from altitude hold to extending and retracting the Cargo bay doors.Let me tell you about this chopper , it has the latest stealth techonolegy , the Radar sig . is 600X smaller than the AH-64 Apache . If you hover at 60ft . no one will see you . This is n't bad for $ 19 . When I bought this I was wondering what was the catch ... Truth is no catch .
 It is good game for rotor heads . It not as advance as competitors Longbow . But it does for the age of the sim still looks pretty good in this time of 3dfx accelators and geforce of acccelotors . It also a very fun game . I would recommend it .
 An oldie yes but definitely gold - as with the flavour of most of Novalogics simulators , there is more emphasis on combat and atmosphere then a study in realism , but this is what one plays Novalogic sims for.This is a great prelude to Comanche 4 which really makes a big advance on the graphics . But this game is great in itself and can now be played on windows 7 through the fixes made available on the web - if you just look up comanche gold and windows 7 you will no doubt come across the fixes for the game here -LSB- ... -RSB- in the downloads section - a great resource site overall .
 I 've always loved flight simulators and I definitely rank F-22 Raptor high among them . Of course , it ca n't compete with the flight simulation software and hardware that is available in the 2008 market , but comparing it to Lock On is like comparing NES to PS3 . It was written for a different time and was state-of-the-art in its day.The game play is fun and the radio chatter is witty . I like how it gives you extra points for shot accuracy and landing . Gliding back to the airstrip after running out of fuel and knowing you only have one shot at landing is sometimes more exciting than the missions.You can control the F-22 using a keyboard -LRB- no mouse -RRB- or a joystick . I 'm running it on XP right now -LRB- 7/14/08 -RRB- and it works just fine.Overall it 's a great game and worth the $ 5 it currently sells for .
 This game is fun , graphics , good for the time , runs really good , but a few letdowns .1 . For me , The shipping sucked , about 2 weeks .2 . When playing on a new computer , sometimes the colors glitch up .3 . When playing on a new computer , joysticks wont work .4 . Theres no full cockpit , only when padlocking , which isnt so good.You can definitely play this on Windows 7 , because I have it installed as of right now , but I recommend playing in a windowed mode . Just use compatibility mode , and it will work.Other than those problems , The game is really fun to play , and very challenging , because theres one mission , Hurricane , that is very tough to complete . This game also has a flap on the box stating that the game was endorsed by Lockheed Martin for easy playing , and realism . Very fun game .
 Delta Force is an explosive game . It combines militay tactics w old faschioned shooting . Mission include Assulting terroist bases , sabatoge , black opps , convoy interception and protection , and rescue missions and lots more . And after you 've mastered the game . Go on novaworld for endless game play were you are fighting a true enemy . Not dumb AI but real humans . If you dont watch out you 'll find yourself in front of someone elses crosshairs
 As a first person shooter game Delta Force is outstanding . It provides varied missions , day night , snow , Etc. 5 stars .
 I have been playing DF constantly for the past year . I discovered multiplayer about two weeks after I bought the game and have just played online since . This game is incredibly addicting . Competition is fierce . Novalogic 's servers can often be laggy , but during the workday , traffice seems to lighten and you have a smooth game . If you want a really good bang for your buck , buy DF ; stay away from DF II -- too buggy and hard to play . DFI will give you a wild online experience you will come back to hour after hour . . it 's intense .
 Even when it first came out , Delta Force was n't really a groundbreaking game . However , what it may have lacked in graphics and animation accuracy , it more than made up for in sheer joy of gameplay . Even though I no longer play it online , and play it in single-player mode with my 4-year-old son , we both find it incredibly enjoyable . The missions are difficult enough to provide suitable challenge , especially since , if you 're not careful and wary , one single bullet can kill you - just like in real life . None of the ridiculous `` hit point '' meters and other nonsense like in other FPS-type games . However , the missions are also short and sweet - perfect for those like me who do n't have the time to invest in hours-long missions of stealth like in Operation Flashpoint.I also like this version of Delta Force because bullets from your machine gun are capable of destroying vehicles and helicopters . In subsequent versions of the game , you would be required to use a rocket or other explosive , when in real life , a fusillade of rounds can bring down a chopper just as surely as an anti-aircraft missle.In short , this is just one of those all-time classic games . I recommend it with 5 stars .
 I have loved this game since it first came out.It 's very easy to control the character and it 's challenging too , 'cause if you get hit just once , yer dead ! My Godchildren also love this game and ask if they can play it everytime they come to visit . I purchased this copy for a computer I have built just for them , so they can play it at their own home whenever they want .
 DeltaForce is the best action game i have ever played.The missions are incredible and when your done with them -LRB- which will take a long time -RRB- you can go on and play online against other people.This game really deserves five stars .
 Delta Force is one of the best war games I have come across . The environment is beautiful , the missions and enemies are realistic and you do n't need fancy hardware to run it . Select your weapons carefully and start your mission . Once the shooting starts , the positional sounds makes you wet your pants the first time . I almost froze when I met enemies up close -LRB- but finished them off eventually -RRB- . The controls are easy to use and you 'll soon be a ruthless killing machine . That 's when you 're ready for some multi-player action . This game sure is a must have !
 Ever hear a cuban scream after being shot with a m401A sniper rifle at 500 yards ? Well you can here ... The game includes diffrent languages that the enemy can scream or curse out at you . It 's almost as if you really are in the jungle holding a amazing-man killing cannon , in your hands and hunting your fellow man . Really there is no better elite forces sim to be found anywhere ... This is the highlight , and it 's even better while playing on the net . It 's all you wanted from a combat/action/sim and more ... you are part of the elite delta team . A secret team that goes behind enemy lines to fulfill a number of mission objectives ... -LRB- assaination , raid , stealth insertion ... ETC -RRB-
 You are an elite commando fighting against terrorists around the world . Play against the computer to practice your skills and then join online play against other players and enjoy the combat ! You can choose to join a squad made up of fellow players if you are good enough . You can be a sniper , a machine gunner , or an infantryman with an M16 with built-in grenade launcher . Lots of fun , come join us !
 I love the delta force games , I just wish they didnt let people cheat . Go buy the newest one !
 Everything as advertised . I 'm not a fan of shoot 'em up games that my son plays -LRB- age 16 -RRB- but this game we 've both enjoyed . The graphics are better than advertised , the game play is good and the animation -LRB- s -RRB- are above par.I found that playing this game on the more difficult level more realistic . At least there is a chance of getting killed & thus you must use extreme caution , just as I would imagine the actual Delta Force would do.You are rewarded with add ' l missions as you complete each one , from captures to obtaining code books.The arsenal of weapon 's was more than I expected .
 This is JUST PLAIN AND SIMPLY THE BEST . I 've played over and over . It 's really awesom over the internet , playin with other ppl . It has everthing , great graphics , to replay value . It 's very realistic and FUN ! I love it ! It 's very much worth only $ 19.99 . You 'll be amazed at the quality and how much you 'll play it . I personally own over thirty games . Out of these this is my second fav . after Gettysburg . This is certainly a game that ever true gamer should own .
 I bought it for a gift to my husband . He loves it ! He was surprised that I found it on the internet .
 Delta Force . The elite US military counter-terrorism unit . The best game for PC -LRB- in military games -RRB- !! Delta Force is a counter terrorism game that takes place in exotic locations around the world . As a Delta Force member , you can choose from 5 primary weapons -LRB- by the way this is a FPS ! -RRB- They are the M82A1 Barret .50 caliber sniper rifle capable of killing over a mile away . The M40A1 sniper rifle , which is a medium range sniper rifle , the M4 + M203 + 4 times scope assault rifle - the primary weapon in this game . And , if u want ot be silent , use the Heckler & Koch MP5SD3 silenced submachine gun.The terrorist AI in this game is okay , but sometimes it will take them 3 seconds to notice your there . I dont really care about this , because it give you time to hit them where it hurts -LRB- !!! -RRB- Also , the terrorists communicate with foreign langauge , so you can hear there conversations . This is the best military FPS for the PC ! ...
 Simply an awesome game . ... . I normally are not a computer/game junkie . But with this game there is an exception . Graphics , awesome
 This is JUST PLAIN AND SIMPLY THE BEST . I 've played over and over . It 's really awesome over the internet when playin with other ppl . It has everthing , great graphics , to replay value . It 's very realistic and FUN ! I love it ! It 's very much worth only $ 19.99 . You 'll be amazed at the quality and how much you 'll play it . I personally own over thirty games . Out of these this is my second fav . after Gettysburg . This is certainly a game that ever true gamer should own .
 After playing the demo I was blown away by the amazing landcapes and complex missions . This game can be customised to meet your skill level and any budding soldier will love sniping the bad guys . Five top quality weapons allow you to snipe , grenade , go mad and go silent . This game is just so much fun and I challenge you to complete it on hardest difficulty setting within two weeks of continuous play.BUY IT AND BE AMAZED !
 The life and wild times of the Sims has just got even more lively and wild with House Party . With this expansion pack , you 'll be able to have your Sims throw out-of-this-world parties . Whether it 's a wedding reception or a strip club , you can make all the shots . Designers have made many new objects and skins to give your party a little more color . There are also a bunch of themes you can use , such as Wild West Hoedown and Hawaiian Luau.Note
 this game has many new features like the famous party trunk where yor sims change into the party spirit and go WILD or more like the wild WILD west !!! chose your party theme hell y not decorate ur house party accordingly ?????????
 I love Velocity X ! The cars are so cool and the tracks are awesome ! The weapons are totally cool . It 's fun to collect the gears and keys .
 I got this for my sons to replace the one they had that quit . They love it and have had a blast playing it .
 This is a fun game to play , but because it is so old you ca n't just install it on your home computer . It needs either an old machine , or an emulator like DosBOX for it to run properly . Check it out if you are a fan of old computer games or a fan of the board game .
 A long while ago , when I was about four or so , It was christmas . My brother had gotten this system along with `` Hey you , Pikachu ! '' . I remember buying alot of games and playing this N64 alot . My brother claims that I was `` hogging '' the system from him . Even to this day -LRB- I 'm 11 . -RRB- He wo n't forgive me -LRB- well , I think he might have , I 'm not sure -RRB- . I feel as If I ca n't forgive myself either , and haven '' t gotten a game since -LRB- although I 'm looking at magical tetris challange , pokemon stadium 2 , paper mario , and kirby 64 -RRB- ... However , this system does have a quite huge variety of great games including super mario 64 and donkey kong 64 . I would defently suggest to anyone and I think it is just as good as the Game cube . Also , you 'll be getting the rare and colorful pikachu addition , something you just ca n't miss out on !
 My father just bought this edition of the N64 . I have n't tested it yet , but I 've tested the original system -LRB- released 1996 -RRB- ... and it was very fun ... and it lasted only 24 hours . But now that my father bought this limited-edition yellow-and-blue Pikachu edition ... The system 's mine forever !!! I really have to celebrate !!! I like this edition too much than the original . I need to test it before I can tell you more . The test will be held in Jujuy September 2 , 2002 . The test will be based on an hour of play with this edition . Now I 'm serious back . OK , the Pikachu version accomplishes my requirements of fun
 The system is in tact . The system was obviously been used . There are marks on there but that is not a issue . The pokemon controller works . The second controller on the other hand has a sticky B button and the joystick is slightly messed up . The controller still works . It is worth what you paid for .
 THE BOMB !!!!!!!!!!! One of the best vid game offers EVER !!!!!!!!!!
 THE BOMB !!!!!!!!!!! One of the best vid game offers EVER !!!!!!!!!!
 good and fun video game i live in brazil porto alegre
 Pikachu is storming into your house as a Nintendo 64 now . From a game boy game Pikachu has been upgraded to a 64bit gaming console . This is perfect for playing pokemon titles such as Pokemon Stadium , Pokemon Snap , Pokemon puzzle league , and Hey You Pikachu . The double colored system and controler is the best for your little pika fan . He is finely carved onto the system for maxium cuteness . the poke-ball is the on switch and hi right foot is the reset button . `` Got ta catch em ' all '' .
 A very good item for all Pok&eacute;maniacs ! With this cute Pikachu N64 you are now ready for enter in the Gym of Pok&eacute;mon Stadium and Pok&eacute;mon Stadium 2 ! Enjoy !!!
 I belive the price should be $ -LSB- money -RSB- . CHEEP ! CHEEP ! CHEEP !
 This is a great thing to get because it comes with a game and the accesories that you need . it also has a cool Pikachu on it for reset and a pokeball for the on/off switch . it comes with a very fun pokemon HEY YOU PIKACHU ! game which uses a microphone . it has a limited edition pokemon blue/yellow controller . just perfect for ALL pokemon fans !!!
 I searched around to get the best deal on this product and I am very happy with my purchase . The gaming system itself works wonderfully and the game Hey You Pikachu that came with it is very cute , my niece really loves the game .
 This is one of the best gifts that I have ever given someone . The person I gave it to is an avid game collector and was so happy to receive it ! Not only did it play games like his other N64 's but it had a cute an colorful touch that adds tons of character ! Perfect for those game collectors that will take care of it !
 It is simple to say that if you are a Pokemon fan then it should go without saying that this is a product for you . I grew up with the normal N64 and once I actually found out that there was a Pikachu Edition , I had to buy one . The reset button does n't get stuck as easy as the normal N64 's AND Pikachu 's friggin cheeks light up . This is a must have product for hardcore Pokemon fans .
 Wow ! Personally , I have never owned a Nintendo 64 before now , and I did n't know about this limited edition model when it came out -LRB- I never had TV as a kid -RRB- . A friend of mine told me about this model after I told him how much fun I used to have with my Super Nintendo , and I knew I had to have it , I still love Pokemon , and this console is just so awesome!I bought one of the more expensive used consoles , because I wanted to make sure it was in decent condition , and what I got was a console that looks completely new ! It has no scratches , bumps , dents or anything else , the stickers that come on it from the factory are even still on it , although they are a tad bit faded . The system works and looks great!What came in the box was
 I Bought the Pikachu Hardware Bundle for me and my 4 year old . The N64 works just fine , like any other N64 except it has Pikachu on the case . My advice is if you want it , go for it . Our unit works just fine . The microphone works ok . Just remember to buy an extra hand controller .
 My 4-yr-old is in love with Pikachu -LRB- I personally prefer JigglyPuff ! -RRB- . This Nintendo is great introduction to video games for the pre-school/kindergarten age group that Pokemon seems to dominate . We loved the HEY YOU PIKACHU game - where you TALK TO PIKACHU and hang out with him to have a PIKA PARTY , although I found the little yellow rodent would only obey me if I spoke in a squeaky , high-pitched voice !
 Ok . So your son or dauter just has a crush on pikachu . Well this is 3 Pikachu items in one . Pikachu has taken over the house in the special Pikachu Nintendo 64 , HEY YOU PIKACHU a game where you TALK TO PIKACHU and hang out with him to have a PIKA PARTY , and the Pikachu clip on C-Watch which tells you the time and has ASH our hero joining him in the adventure . Take home the Pikachu hardware Bundle for your Pika pal . Oh by the way im 14 so this isn , t from Amazon
 This POKEMON HARDWARE BUNDLE is the nintendo 64 but it inclues lots of equipment to use . I 'm not a big pokemon fan but playing the game it comes with can be quite entertaining for kids . I enjoyed the game . Mostly I am now playing sports games on it like NFL blitz and WWF games . Good starter set of the nintendo 64 . For 49 dollars it is a great deal .
 My son totally loves his new system.I am so happy with this product.It is everything that I hoped it would be ...
 This system is absolutely great !!! It was a gift for a six year old boy , and he just loves it . However , I can only give it 4 stars out of 5 because the controller is a little difficult for small hands . Otherwise I would definitely recommend this system to anyone who loves Pickachu-like we do !!
 Nintendo games & hardware are excellent products . This unique design of the Nintendo hardware will be a big success this upcoming Christmas .
 this is the best game ever ! i played it for 3 days strait with no sleep . its the coolest game out there .
 I have very few complaints in the Splinter Cell series , if any . Sam himself is a very complex , mysterious , solitary character and a lot of his life experiences have yet to be explored , but we do learn a lot about him and his family -- especially in Splinter Cell
 This Game is freaking sweet ! Every move you make dictates how well you are trusted in either the NSA or the terrorist group
 Let me start by saying this
 You may think this game is the same as the ps3 versions , but its not . The story is different , what sam does is different , the gameplay is different , and it better than the ps3 version . this is the generation 6 version . Gamecube , Wii and Ps2 is genereation 6 . generation 7 is ps3 and 360 .
 this game is wonderful . totally immersive . bravo UBISOFT . ALL of the splinter cell games are top notch . the unlockable bonus maps are great as well . another great feature that i really liked was depending upon what mission sam was undertaking dictated his `` look '' . nice variety . KUDOS all the way ... : -RRB-
 This is a really good game . It is by far the most involved , funnest overall , and coolest game out of the Splinter Cell series -LRB- thus far -RRB- . I have it for the PS2 , so the graphics are n't the best in the world ; but the gameplay makes up for it ! It features new gadgets , weapons , and a few moves , too . The missions are all pretty exciting , so it 's not like you play it once and never open it again . In fact , it 's a blast to play over and over . I also like how you are forced to make decisions and not blow your cover with either side . There are even bonus maps , and the game also incorporates some co-op as well . Do n't let graphics fool you ; it 's the gameplay that counts . If you are interested in this game , buy it . It 's challenging and fun at the same time .
 If you love a challenge then you will love this . I love the fact you have the option to make certain decisions .
 At first when I started playing this game , I did not know that there were three ways to finish the game . As soon as I completed the first finish , I was upset and played it again but had a different ending . I was happy at this point . The game developers really threw a twist onto a great game . Overall physics of the game are awesome . Lighting , voice , graphics and everything is just fabulous . I recommend this for anyone who likes the stealthy third person shooter games and first person shooters .
 ` Splinter Cell
 The only problem I have with these type of games is shelling out $ 40 - $ 50 for a few hours of fun . What I mean is , there are not enough missions in the co-op version to make it worth the price of admission . There are only 4 missions which take about 1-2 hours each , and after you 've finished them the game is pretty much over -- it 's not like you can play them again and pretend you do n't know what you 've already learned . Aside from that , I found the four missions to be alot of fun and very challenging at times ... I played them with my 16-yr old son and a few times we had to consult a walk-through to advance further . I wish there was a game out there that was different each time you played it -- or that the game manufacturers made a few more games that featured co-op versions ... there are really only a few choices on the market now , and it seems we 've played them all . As for Splinter Cell : Double Agent , I would definitely recommend it -- just be aware that the co-op version is n't very long .
 I really appreciate some of the new features such as the new zoom mode and the ability to more realistically hold your breath to stabilize and take a shot . The new weapon system spices the game play up and the ability to interact with the environment more smoothly than before is the best feature yet . Voice acting is superb as are the scripted character motions like the underwater kill moves and the pipe crawling . This is a very strong addition to the Splinter Cell franchise of which I already own all previous games .
 this game is full of excitement . aww the rush you get when your in a dark room with 5 guys and they all have flashlights and you have to walk really slow or they will hear you . so i throw a glass bottle and they all walk over to that spot . shhhh !!! i take em out 1 by 1 . wow !!!
 Splinter Cell was , and continues to be , one of the most entertaining games I have ever played . All previous games continue to be playable . They changed very little in the way the game is played and that is a great thing . I wish they had done that with Ghost Recon -LRB- they lost me with Ghost Recon 2 -RRB- . The story remains as captivating as before . I finished it already but the ending is so shocking I am playing again to see if it changes .
 this game can be challenging , but i like the strategizing that i saw in clancy 's pc games -LRB- rainbow six -RRB- MUCH BETTER .
 I love first-person shooters , espicaly on the PS2 . Ive played all the medal of honor series , and all of the Call of duty series , also BLACK , and other first person shooters . Ive also played all of the Splinter Cell series , splinter cell Double Agent is good but not great , I actualy like the one before it better , it offers nothing spectacular but again , it does offer more spliter cell type fun , it 's certanily a good game if you like first person shooters , but it 's not a great game , I am enjoying Call Of Duty 3 much more .
 This game is fun to play , but disabiling the bombs are hard .
 I bought this game , and it was in good shape , have not had any problems with it . Great game overall .
 This is the only Splinter Cell I have n't played yet in my life time . I have played and beaten all the other Splinter Cells in the past except for this one . Conviction was the last one I played until I got this one on March 23rd . My friend has Double Agent for the PS3 and he warned me that Double Agent on the PS3 is the worst version because it 's very glitchy and the frame rate is terrible . Many say the PS2 version is the best version of Double Agent so I decided to buy the PS2 version . This game has to be the coolest most exciting Splinter Cell yet since Conviction or Chaos Theory . Double Agent is the same routine in graphics wise like Chaos Theory but 100 times better and new features . Sure I enjoyed Chaos Theory , but Double Agent packs a wild punch for the Splinter Cell series . I have n't beaten it yet , but I am enjoying Double Agent for the PS2 a whole lot . If you are a Splinter Cell fan , I recommend you check this game out . I am really enjoying it so far . Just stay away from the PS3 version of Double Agent because I played that version before at my friends house and it 's VERY BAD . Many glitches and frame rate issues it 's not even funny and not enjoyable to even play for that matter . PS2 version is a MUST HAVE . I give Double Agent for PS2 a 5 Star Rating for outstanding performance on the PS2 system . Hopefully someday Ubisoft will re make Double Agent for the PS3 and make it better or make a update patch for the PS3 version to get rid of the glitches and frame rate issues .
 This game is great ! Everything is good graphics , sound , storyline , and the maps . If you like challenges then this is the game for you . If your one of those people who go insane if you die , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have enjoyed playing this game over and over again just like the other SC 's . I really liked having to balance your decisions to stay `` neutral '' with the good and bad guys . Also , since there are different endings according to how you complete your objectives it makes it fun to go back and play again .
 Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell DA is an excellent addition to the series and compliments the previous edition , Chaos Theory , in both graphic design and gripping story line . One distinguishing characteristic not found in any other edition , however , is the ability to directly manipulate this story line within certain parameters by choosing to side with either the terrorists or 3rd Echelon . Splinter Cell fans will not be disappointed !
 This is the best splintercell game evr made . This time it even has co-op mode whitch is real fun . The story line is perfect and you can make your own decisions that can change the outcome of the game . Just like I always say , by the game and just play it . You will see for yourself how good it is . Buy the game !!! Play the game !!!
 Its a great game . . it gives you the adventure of a double agent . . to choose what side to help at certain times when it may or may not matter . . but i believe the story line changes very little if you side one way or the other . . if you go too rogue then you have less equipment to do the next mission with and if you go to far one side or the other . . you have to do a quick easy mission to level there suspicion and then everything is ok . and both sides trust you eaqually again . . so you can kill 2000 people if you like . . and then rust to a pc to say `` oops , i had to do it for the mission '' and then you not bad . lol but it still a lot of fun even with that . . cause you feel as if your in control . . and it gives you diffrent routes to take to complete the same mission . over all im glad i played it !
 I think this game is GREAT ! Everything about is good , the graphics , sound , and the different storylines when you make different choices as a double agent . I always find it a difficult decision , support the JBA or NSA ? Espesially when your on the boat in Mexico . But there are a few problems with the game , but there small problems . First , the game is really short , I think it 's only 9 levels long . I got up to the last level after about 2 days of playing it . Second , what the hell happened to William Redding and Anna Grimsdottir ? I liked them ! Now you have Assistant Director Williams . I HATE him . All he does is give you alot of trouble -LRB- or at least I think so -RRB- . If you kill Barnham in jail , you get a gun for the level which really helps . But then in the next level he wo n't let Lambert give you all your equipment . But overall , it 's a very good game .
 The much anticipated and hyped -LRB- overhyped -RRB- new installment in the long running and innovative stealth series offers the same kind of action and engaging gameplay that Splinter Cell fans have come to expect . Spinter Cell
 This DVD , Cd Opener actually works I absolutely love this item and I 'd recommend it to anybody looking for an easy way to open there Dvd 's you can barely see where it 's been cut after you use it but the CD or Dvd has been opened after fighting with CD 's and Dvd 's figuring out how to open them I 've found the solution I Just wish they could 've made it sharper than what it is but this thing does really work
 Good DDR-esque game . VERY challenging at hard and expert levels , very fun game , I reccomend it .
 I heard good things about Guitar Hero and it was all true . Me and my buddies can sit down and play this game for hours on end . Sure it does put a strain on your hand after a while but its worth it . The song selection is great , I would have liked to see some songs i recognize in the unlock section , It kinda sucks to play a song your unfamiliar with . Over all really really fun game !
 I liked the idea of this game . Most people have either played at a friends house , or at a store with the guitar controler hooked up . It would have gotten five stars if the singing did n't sound so horrible . I know , I know , it 's about the guitar playing and that 's true , but I could n't help but cringe a little on some of the songs . It was a little distracting . The switch from normal to hard mode is a little steep.I thought there was a good amount of different songs and styles to play . The extra songs are so-so . I think it would be a good idea if -LRB- for the next instalment -RRB- you could vote on-line on which songs would be put on the game . If you want a hard song to play , put on some Converge or Dillinger Escape plan.Overall it is a fun little game . Prise is a little steep , but the time you put in makes it almost worth it .
 You 'll be hooked on this game from the very moment you first start to play it !! I could n't stop playing until I beat the first difficulty level ! Trust me when I say , you 'll love this game to death !
 I got the game for a b-day present and its by far my favorite game ever . I 'm a drummer , so being able to play -LRB- or at least pretend -RRB- guitar was awsome . The controller takes some getting used to , and yes , they could have more song variety , but I read that they 're coming out with like 4 different versions , so its ok . This game is worth the money , and for even more fun , buy a 2nd controller , 2 player is pretty cool .
 i got this for christmas and it is awsome . they did a good job with making the levels so level 1 is good for begenners , level 2 is good for medium players and so on . they have modern songs like i wan na be sadated and classics like ziggy stardust . this is a MUST have
 IF YOU EVER TRIED TO PLAY ROCK SONGS ON A GUITAR AND KNOW HOW TO STRUM BUT YOU REALLY DO N'T KNOW HOW TO PLAY THIS GAME IS FOR YOU . THIS GAME GET 'S YOU ALL THE NOTES PERFECTLY , IN FACT THERE SOME NOTES THAT SOUND MUCH BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL ... JOB WELL DONE IN THAT DEPARTMENT ... ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS LIKE THE SONGS TO CHOOSE FROM AND AWAY YOU GO . AND BELIEVE ME THE GAME LIST IS DARN NEAR PERFECT , ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE 70 'S TO 90 'S ERA . FOR A REAL TREAT , HOOK IT UP TO A STEREO AND PLAY IT IN GUITR ONLY MODE WITH YOUR WINDOWS OPEN TURNED UP LOUD . YOUR NEIGHBORS WILL THINK IT 'S THE REAL DEAL AND ONLY YOU HAVE TO KNOW . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THE SONGS ON THE BUY LIST COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER , BUT PERHAPS THEY WILL GET THAT PART RIGHT ON THE NEXT EDITION . MY PS2 HAS BEEN SITTING IN A CLOSET FOR 5 YEARS BECAUSE I REALLY GOT BORED WITH THE GAMES AND THE GRAPHICS , BUT THIS GAME -LRB- AND BY THE WAY DOSE N'T SEEM LIKE A GAME BECAUSE IT IS SO MUCH FUN -RRB- PUT THE LIFE BACK IN MY PS2 AGAIN ... LOOK . IF YOU OWN A PS2 AND YOU EVER WANTED TO PLAY GUITAR TO ROCK SONGS YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF TO GET THIS GAME . TARGET HAS THEM FOR $ 69.99 , AND IT IS MONEY WELL SPENT . I CA N'T WAIT TO BRING IT OUT AT A PARTY ... IF YOU PRACTICE YOU WILL KNOCK PEOPLES SOCKS OFF ... ONE MORE THING , PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE FIND A WAY TO MAKE THIS GAME PORTABLE ... IT WOULD BE WAY COOL TO HAVE IT AT THE BEACH AND OR PARK ...
 I am not a fan of classic rock , but I was astonished by how much I enjoyed Guitar Hero despite this . I was urged to try it by rave reviews , and being a dabbler in the realm of Rythem games , gave it a try.I was not disappointed . The steep price tag is a bit discouraging , but considering how far less involving the game would be without the custom controller , entirely worth it.The song selection impressed me , a non-fan even , possibly with the exception of half the bonus tracks , and the building ramp of difficulty makes your input closer and closer to resembling actually playing the song.While this will doubtfull help you learn guitar , it 's still a whole lot of fun .
 The concept , the gameplay , and almost everything about this game is really well executed , amazing fun to play , and spectacular in general . Everything you 've read by other reviewers is totally true.The problem , however , is that none of the songs I 've played so far are the original recordings . They 're all really messed up covers . Imagine trying to listen to Ziggy Stardust without David Bowie , or Killer Queen without Freddie Mercury . It 's really annoying , and in some cases , appalling .
 I bought this for my son . He loves it . The price was good , shipping was fast , and quality is great .
 This is awesome ! My daughter got it for Christmas and I 'm not sure who has more fun ... her or her dad . It is very interative and gives plenty of entertainment to both of them . I think what I like best is that she has a game that she can enjoy with her dad . So they get the quality time together playing . My -LSB- ... -RSB- year old son has n't tried it yet but I think he would be a little young for it but he sure does enjoy watching and so do I . We have had family over for Guitar Hero parties too . All the kids and adults love it .
 My husband and I love playing this game ! The song selections are great . It 's a lot more fun than we expected . Easy level is easy enough for our 7-year old to catch on and not become discouraged . There are 4 levels of difficulty , so plenty to work toward . We are looking forward to buying Guitar Hero II !
 If you like to ROCK this is the game for you ... I am not a gamer , I have never even played another PS2 game , but I bought a PS2 just for this !!! The graphics are great , the songs are fun , & it is exactly what a video game should be!I LOVE ROCK N ' ROLL!I LOVE GUITAR HERO!You will not be disappointed !
 We bought the game for our son for his birthday . It is so much fun to play - the songs are great and challenging yourself on the different difficulty levels is fun . We bought Guitar Hero 2 - the whole family plays both games . It 's a blast .
 He got it as a Christmas present this year , 2006 . He loves it and so do I . Our only problem is we wished it would play on our PS3 . We are going to buy the Guitar Hero 2 now . My 7 yr . old dd can even play it . My husbands exact words were `` this is awesome ''
 it is absolutely the best game ever , it 's fun and easy to learn , everybody can play , no matter how uncoordinated they may think they are . even the shyest person will want to give it a try . . fun at parties in the home and at the office ! it 's such a great way to connect with friends and family !
 Awesome game ! i 'd give it 6 stars out of 5 ! increases hand , eye coordination and awesome songs.Includes unlockable things such as the grim reaper , and my favorite song , GET READY TO ROCK !
 This is the best game I have ever played on PS2 . I recommend it to everyone ! Hours of fun ! I could n't put the guitar down !
 I purchased two of these for my granddaughters , ages 10 and thirteen . They were delighted and enjoyed playing with them for hours . A great gift for this age .
 Considering my terrible-at-best guitar skills , I was concerned that I would never pass the `` easy '' level on this game . However , just as Dance Dance Revolution does n't involve real dancing , this does n't involve real guitar playing . That was a relief to me . It does , however , have clear benefits for people already familiar with guitars . While `` easy '' could probably be passed by a dead body , the levels after that require you to be able to play GH 's versions of chords , hammer-ons , and pull-offs . Thankfully , your fingers will not need to develop callouses to play this game , but it does help to be able to move your hand up and down the neck with speed , and in `` hard '' and `` expert '' it is almost impossible to play some of the solos without being able to strum -LRB- er , hit that strumming button -RRB- both up and down -LRB- i.e. alternate picking -RRB- . Unless you 're James Hetfield , of course.Speaking of Mr. Hetfield , Metallica 's absence in this game is depressing but understandable . Not all bands want to be part of one of the coolest video games in the history of digital entertainment . Included in the songlist , though , are
 I was thumbing through a video game magazine , and saw a review for Guitar Hero . I thought , `` hey , Rock music is not dead in the Video Game world '' The review was 9 out of 10 . With that in mind , I bought the game with the one Guitar controller.I went back to my place with a friend , I turned the game on at about 8 P.M. Friday , and did n't stop playing until about 5 A.M. Saturday . The game is that good ! and that addicting.Someone managed to combine so well , two of my loves , Music and Videogames . I do play guitar in real life , and a I know how to play some riffs of the songs , so it seems like it should have helped , but I was at no real advantage . My friend was able to play just as well as me . By the way , if you are a lefty , the gutar can be `` flipped '' to lefty mode in the options.There are 30 songs in all . They are not done by the original artists , but they are done in a amazing fashion . There are probably many reasons why the original artists are not on there . You will not be disappointed . The songs are faithfully reproduced and feel very live . Some songs that I like that come to mind `` Ziggy Stardust '' , `` Cowboys from Hell '' by Pantera , `` Symphony of Destruction '' by Megadeth , `` You 've got another thing coming '' by Judas Priest.To explain how the game works ... well , on the screen there is a fret board of a gutair neck , with a 3d perspectiove . As each song plays there are 5 colored circles that fall from the top of your screen towards the bottom -LRB- It kind of looks like a puzzle game like Klax , or Columns -RRB- Each color corresponds to a button on your Guitar controller . Once a color moves down the neck to the bottom of your screen , it will match up with a position which indicates you must press the button of the color indicated and hit the `` strum-bar '' at the same time . Its almost like target practice , and when you hit the target , you hear music . If you dont `` hit the target '' , no music sounds.There are 4 difficulty levels , each level introduces more work for you . - Easy level , you only have to pay attention to three colors on the neck and screen -LRB- three buttons -RRB- . - Medium you have to play four buttons with more individual notes . - Hard
 What a great way to get adults and kids together for fun and laughs.No one is too old to play this game . The only down side is when the kids want the game back . : -RRB-
 I had seen the crowds many times gathered around a screen in the electronics stores as someone took a turn playing the Quick Play mode . I was impressed by the variety in songs and the unique form of gameplay . Finally , after months of debating , I put in an order on Guitar Hero II . November could n't come fast enough.This weekend , I broke down again and picked up Guitar Hero . This way , next month , we 'll have two guitar controllers.Love this game ! Played it on and off all weekend . Nearly mastered Easy mode -LRB- some of those level 5 songs are a BEAR -RRB- . Then I can try Medium mode and see how harder it gets . Even my -LSB- ... -RSB- son who has a slight handicap in one hand can do well playing this game . It is a lot of fun . Plus , I can get him to appreciate the classics.Rock on !!
 Are you ready for an addiction that will grab you and never let go ? I sure hope so , because if you get this game then that 's exactly what will happen.I am a big fan of all of Harmoix 's music games . I enjoyed Frequency and Amplitude very much ... the only problem was that I beat those games to death . I started to grow tired of rapidly pushing three buttons on a controller . Well , a short time ago a game called Guitar Hero was born . I was reluctant to plunk down the $ 70.00 at first , but everytime I went to the electronics store I would see that big box staring at me . Finally I gave in and went ahead and purchased the game . Boy am I glad I did!Inside the box you get a game , and one of the coolest controllers ever devised ... the Gibson SG controller . This is a guitar shaped control with five buttons on the top of the neck . Also this controller has a functional whammy bar , which adds yet another cool dimension to this game.Here 's how the game works.Notes will come streaming down a conveyor-belt and you have to hit the button that corresponds with the note as it crosses a threshold . The more notes you miss , the further your `` life meter '' goes down . If your life meter goes all the way down in the red zone -LRB- there are three zones , red , yellow , green -RRB- then the crowd will start booing . For every ten notes you successfully hit in a row , a multiplier goes up . The multiplier maxes out at 4X -LRB- unless you use star-power , more on that in a sec -RRB- . Once you progress through the game , it gets much more difficult to hit every note and by the time you hit the expert skill level you will literally be hitting just about every note in the song -LRB- including all of the guitar solos -RRB- . On the earlier skill levels you do n't hit nearly all of the notes in a song , but you still get a good sense of actually playing that song . Also as you progress , you will start to play chords , which is when you have to hit two notes at the same time . Some notes you are able to hold -LRB- there is a visual indicator for this , you will know which notes you can hold -RRB- . These notes allow you to use the whammy bar to create cool effects in your music . When you hit star-shaped notes your star-power meter will fill up . If you use the whammy bar on the star shaped notes that allow for it , that also raises your star power a little bit . Once you get this meter half way full you can raise your guitar vertically to active star power . When this happens the crowd screams , the notes turn blue and you get 2X the score you would normally have , which makes it so you can have up to an 8X multiplier going for a short time . Also while your in star power mode it 's much easier to get your life meter back into the green zone . There are advanced techniques you can use such as hammer-ons and pull-offs . Did I mention that there is a strum bar which is the bar used for picking ? The strum-bar works on both down-strokes and up-strokes . The better you can do on these songs , the more money you earn . With money you can unlock new characters , guitars , guitar skins , songs and videos which show you some behind the scenes footage of this game and how it was made.Also worth mentioning is the multiplayer mode which lets you challenge your skills against a fellow guitar hero . In this mode you both play the same song , but you alternate solos.There are 47 songs total -LRB- well , unless you have a gameshark , then you can unlock an insanely difficult song called Trippoli -RRB- , but 47 for the rest of us . All of the music is produced extremely well . 30 of the songs are high quality licensed cover songs , the other 17 are bonus songs which you 've never heard -LRB- most are really good though ! Even Rats is my favorite -RRB- You get to jam Deep Purple , Jimi Hendrix -LRB- Spanish Castle Magic -RRB- , The Ramones -LRB- I Wan na Be Sedated -RRB- , Pantera -LRB- Cowboys from Hell -RRB- , Megadeth -LRB- Symphony Of Destruction -RRB- , Audioslave -LRB- Cochise -RRB- and many others.This game is extremely fun . I ca n't get enough of it . I have beat every single song on every difficulty level -LRB- including all of the bonus songs -RRB- and I still ca n't get enough , it 's just so fun ! If the only thing stopping you from getting this game is the high price then I would suggest you bite the bullet and purchase anyways . You will NOT regret it.Graphics
 Music and rhythm games have long found their prime in Dance Dance Revolution , the hit arcade/Playstation 2/Xbox dancing video game . Harmonix and RedOctane saw potential in something more than moving the feet of gamers-they decided to stand us up , put a guitar in our hands , and let us rock out . Guitar Hero , the guitar video game they released last November , is one of the most entertaining games to date and is far and wide the best , most addictive music/rhythm game I 've ever played.Such a bold statement is n't one to be ignored , but Guitar Hero is worthy of such praise . A little more than thirty songs and one guitar controller is everything this $ 70 + package provides . Featuring -LSB- cover -RSB- songs from 80 's metal icons like Ozzy Ozzbourne and Motorhead as well as recent bands like Franz Ferdinand and Queens of the Stone Age , Guitar Hero has quite a variety of music that does n't grow stale and I 'd imagine that my guitar controller will wear out long before my attention to this game does.The songs are played with five fret buttons , colored Green , Red , Yellow , Blue , and Orange . These five frets must be held while a Strum Bar is pressed up or down to strum each note . That is the basic control of every song . Playing the fast notes of Pantera 's `` Cowboys from Hell '' or Boston 's slower `` More Than a Feeling '' are done very easily with these buttons . Of course , a fully-functional whammy bar is also provided to electronically alter any long note found in a song , and more difficult guitar techniques like hammer-ons are also possible with the controller . Mastering these techniques is n't really necessary , as I completed the game on a Normal difficulty setting before I even discovered them in the tutorial mode , but they 're available for real-life shredders unlike myself.Suffice to say that nailing a solo or a long note gives a huge feeling of accomplishment , and Guitar Hero does more than make the player feel like a rock star . I really got into this game , and laugh if you want , but when I say I got into it-I got into it . Imagine the tongue hanging out , leaning back during a long note , head-banging , the whole shabang . I 'd look like a fool in public , but playing this with a group of friends is no more embarrassing than stressing your vocal chords in Karaoke Revolution or moving your feet in Dance Dance Revolution . Needless to say , this game is just fun . Not only that , but playing these songs really made me appreciate just how difficult playing a guitar really is . Guitar Hero does n't make you hit every note -LRB- at least , not until you switch to Hard or Extreme difficulty -RRB- but it sure as heck makes you work for your song.You know , Guitar Hero really nails something that has long been missing from a majority of today 's games . It does n't focus on graphics-the note bar that you stare at is n't particularly attractive , and neither are the band models that fill up the background-but Guitar Hero goes to show that there is some innovation , there are some fresh concepts , and there are some great ideas left in video gaming . This video game not only captured my attention , it captured the attention of my 40 + year-old dad , all of my little siblings , and pretty much anyone around me who set their eyes on the game . It 's addictive as crack and the only thing stopping me from playing is sore fingers and tired legs from standing up , rocking out.If you like rock music , music video games , guitars , Ozzy , or anything even closely related to Guitar Hero , I strongly urge you to head to the local gaming outlet and buy this game . It might have a hefty price , up to $ 80 in some stores , but it is more than worth the price . You 'll be replaying `` You 've Got Another Thing Comin ' '' and `` Killer Queen '' so many times that the dent in your wallet wo n't even matter . It 's a shame that Guitar Hero only has 30 songs-I not only predict , but expect a sequel or expansion pack-but that 's beside the point . I bow to Harmonix and RedOctane for this product . I am simply in love with it .
 Have you ever listened to a really amazing song and have it just send shivers down your body ? That 's what playing Guitar Hero is like ... on every song.Guitar Hero is an innovative game lauded by the gaming press and gamers alike . This is one of the most fun games I have played in years . Like most great games , the concept is deceptively simple . You have a sturdy guitar controller with five colored buttons on the neck and a `` strum bar . '' On the screen , you have a rolling track of notes with five rows , each corresponding to a button . When you see a note , hold the correct button and `` strum . '' The more consecutive notes you strike accurately , the more points you get . Pretty simple , right?There are several interesting twists to this basic premise . As long as you play perfectly , score multipliers are added to each note you hit , up to x4 . Miss a note , and you 'll have to work back up the ladder again . Long notes require you to hold the button down for the entire duration of the note . Chords require you to hit two notes at once . Like a real guitar , there are hammer-ons and hammer-offs . There 's also a whammy bar which you can use to distort the long notes and also extract Star Power , which brings us to perhaps the most important feature . Star Power accumulates from hitting special Star Notes in the song . You literally tilt your guitar upward to use it , which doubles your points -LRB- and turns a x4 multiplier into a x8 ! -RRB- for a short time.The difficulty curve in this game is excellent . Even those unfamiliar with video games can have fun in easy mode , whereas seasoned gamers will definitely have a challenge in hard mode -LRB- do n't even get me started on expert mode -RRB- . You can actually feel yourself getting better at this game . With a little practice , you can conquer any song that gives you trouble . And whenever you nail a song , or even a difficult portion of one , it just feels sensational.Multiplayer `` duet mode '' may be sparse on features , but is a blast . Like dueling guitars , two players in split-screen play different sections of the song simultaneously.Even the menus and user interface are brilliant.Guitar Hero features excellent covers of 30 main songs . These include
 I do n't own this game , but when I said `` Sure I 'll play one song , and then I 'll go home '' at a friend 's house , that translated into seven songs ! It is just that addicting.Easy mode is essentially a tutorial . If you have some experience with music I 'd reccomend a straight move to medium ; it 's rather easy because it 's rhythmically accurate . Eventually , you get better and then figure out the solos for some of the harder levels.I only played Smoke on the Water , Iron Man , and I Love Rock and Roll , but every minute was totally worth it.Also , if you can , get another guitar . Going head to head is just too much fun .
 Guitar Hero is a masterpiece . I 've had it for 6 months and still play it almost every day . At first , I was kind of nervous about paying -LSB- ... -RSB- for a videogame , but soon discovered it was well worth it . The Gibson SG controller it comes with is great quality , and it includes a strap and stickers to customize your guitar . Many people have no clue how this game works , so I 'll take a second and explain it . There are 5 different colored buttons on the neck of the guitar , and a bar that you strum to play a note . So when you play a song in the game , these colored notes move towards and you hold down the corresponding colored button and strum when the note comes through the template at the bottom of the screen . Sounds easy , does n't it ? Think again ! The easy and medium difficulties are great ways to get into it , but once you get to hard and expert ... well that 's where it can get crazy . On easy and medium you play only the major chords and notes in a song , but on expert you play every note ; so as you can imagine it can get CRAZY , especially on songs with big solos ! On to the song list ; it 's amazing ! There are some newer songs on here , like `` Take Me Out '' and `` Stellar '' , but also classics like `` Iron Man '' , `` Frankenstein '' , `` Sharp Dressed Man '' , must I say more ? It has a great selection , with everything ranging from blues , to punk , to heavy metal . The songs are so great that you 'll honestly never get bored of them , especially with all of the bonus songs you can unlock . So overall , this is a brilliant game and I recommmend it to anyone ! If you 're trying to decide whether to get this game or Guitar Hero 2 , get this one . Although it does not have quite as good graphics or unlockables , Guitar Hero 2 's song list just is n't that great compared to this one . I 'd rather have much better songs instead of more characters and more guitars , but that 's just me !
 After spending a day with the game I simply have to say -- this -LRB- and its predecessor -RRB- is probably one of the more creative games to come out in the past 5 or so years.I bought the game somewhat on a whim . Tired of being unable to find a Nintendo Wii I needed something to keep myself amused . I had heard numerous positive things about Guitar Hero from friends , so I figured I 'd toss down my money and give it a shot.I think there 's that point in most peoples ' lives where they want to be a music star . I 've played piano for nearly 20 years , and a few brass instruments for a bit over a decade , and I always wanted to try the guitar . Reality however says its a lot of work . It 'll take lots of practice and dedication to be able to start playing some of your favorite tunes competently . Guitar Hero II solves that urge to want to `` rock out '' . There 's a quick tutorial that goes over the basics . How to play notes , long notes , chords , and about star power . It 's about 10 minutes in total but that 's all you need . After that you select a character and guitar and go on your way.Easy mode only uses the top-most three fret buttons and gives you confidence as you progress through the list of 7 sets . It is easy , but it 's thoroughly enjoyable.Medium mode adds the 4th fret button , more notes -LRB- some now in rapid succession -RRB- , and lots of 2-note chords . You get an additional set , as well as an encore performance for each set as long as you perform well . You also earn cash to spend at the store to unlock new characters , outfits , guitars and songs.That 's where I currently stand now , practicing and trying to get high ratings and scores in all songs while unlocking new content before I venture into Hard Mode . There 's also an Expert mode which will surely gives folks a challenge with enough notes to maintain a frenetic pace as well as 3-note chords and some fingerwork that 'll make things rather challenging to master.Practice mode is great for either just playing around , or slowing down songs -- or sections of songs -- to get those tough parts down . In career mode you can actually see how well you played in detail on every song , so you can know where you need to improve and practice mode facilitates that.There 's also a multiplayer mode with co-operative and competitve modes , but I 'm still to explore that functionality , as well as a Quick Play for those who just want to play 1 or 2 songs . ----- The cons?The strap could be bigger . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' , but rather thin -LRB- 145lbs -RRB- and sometimes wish the guitar could hang lower . You could hold it on its own -LRB- or buy a real guitar strap if you were inclined -RRB- since it 's pretty lightweight.Your hand will tend to cramp up a bit after a while , but that will likely vary from person to person . I 've just learned to take a quick break every half hour or so to wring out my fingers and give them a break . Though some ergonomic changes would be welcome on future controllers if they could help alleviate strain.I 'd like more songs . 55 licensed songs will keep you busy , and there 's plenty of variety from older rock from the 60s , classic metal , hard rock , alternative , and punk -- but I 'm sure I 'll want more . If you 're not a huge rock fan , this may not be for you , though you may acquire more of a taste for the genre as a result . ----- Overall ? The most creative thing I 've had the pleasure to enjoy in years . I 'm purchasing the original today so I can have more songs to play with -LRB- though folks indicate that it 's a bit more challenging -RRB- .
 I 've been anticipating this game for months and I was n't disappointed when I played it for the first time . It rocks ! There is something for everyone with this game . * Good mix of rockin ' guitar songs ... classics and newer stuff too . * The difficulty levels make the game fun and challenging for all . * I play guitar and was able to complete all the songs on Easy level on the first try . Now I 'm working through the song list on the Medium Level ... a bit harder and more challenging . I ca n't even THINK about Hard or Expert level yet so even I have room to grow with this game . * I wish the tutorial was a bit longer for non-guitar players so they can get used to doing different things with each hand . * The graphics are n't spectacular , but that does n't matter ... they are only there for your audience because you are concentrating on hitting your notes . The funny bits between songs are funny . * My wife is very musically challenged but she was rocking out playing Joan Jett 's `` I Love Rock N Roll '' after about 15 minutes of practice . It 's now her encore song at `` concerts . '' * I thought it would cost more than $ 70 . Good value . * I ca n't wait to get a second guitar controller so two players can play at once . * If you 've ever wondered what it would be like to play some of the classic rock guitar songs , you can get a pleasing taste by playing this game . It wo n't teach you how to play guitar , but the strum patterns , muscle memory and pattern recognition that goes into guitar-playing are demonstrated here nicely.Very Highly Recommended !
 Absolute blast ... people of all ages enjoy it . Popular among my 20-something friends , and also our 50-something parents . I hope they keep making sequels with new songs ... or , it would be cool if you could go online to `` buy '' / download more songs .
 Redoctane.com had this game in stock as of a few days ago . Do n't get ripped off by the 3rd party price gougers linked here .
 I love the guitar hero . It is so much fun . Adults and children will enjoy this game . I am not very good at it , but I am still trying .
 I purchased guitar hero for my son . I wanted guitar hero one because after much research on the guitar hero series , I thought it best my son start out with one and work his way up to 2 and 3 . My son is tough to buy for but this was a hit . Though he never asked for it , he loves it . I think this video game is such a great success because unlike learning to play a guitar in the traditional manner , kids today who want instant gratification find it with this video game . From the very start you are playing songs you know from begining to end .
 After my boys got Guitar Hero 2 Bundle and played it for hours they wanted the Guitar Hero 1 Bundle . And after months of looking for it well I had to resort to the internet . I was so happy that I found one and when we received it , it was in great shape . Brand new to be exact . Now my boys duel in competions in the game and have hours of fun .
 Great game for the whole family . This game really works on hand eye coordination and works the brain in a positive way . Even if you are not musically inclined you will enjoy this game . A must have !!
 This has to be one of the best social games ever . It 's fun for everyone
 I bought it for my kids and they love it . It 's like DDR but using your fingers .
 This is a game that is just plain fun . If you like rock music -LRB- or music in general -RRB- , this might be the closest you 'll ever come to feeling like a real rockstar . So take advantage of it ! Even if it is only for a couple minutes at a time . Who knows , get good enough , and maybe you can play the demo at Best Buy until you pick up your own Guitar Hero groupies ! LoL .
 Since getting Guitar Hero , I : Have gained an appreciation for heavy metal . By pretending to play it , which can not be done without making heavy metal guitarist faces.Have started hearing pop music in a completely different , much more interesting way , noticing details of composition and structure that used to wash over me.Have taken up the actual , wood-not-plastic guitar.Have lived the dream of rock stardom , from novice to journeyman to legend , in full , in my living room . No , they really DO get this one right.So I thought this list was going to be longer . But any one of those things alone is worth the price of the game , and some are worth the game and the system , so the whole package is like a 75 % savings . At least . This should be an inconsequential little novelty game , but somehow it really seems to matter . -LRB- A sequel is in the works . You will want both . -RRB-
 Wether your 9 or 90 this is a fun game . Be the Rock 'N Roll god you have always wanted to be
 Guitar Hero Review ***** This game is a thrilling look at the life of a cover-playing garage band . Especially the guitarist . Although it contains some errors , it is still a five star game worthy of most praise . The only game I have that I like more is Age of Empires II
 I bought this for my 10 year old son . He loves it and so does all of his friends . They continue to `` rock out '' with Guitar Hero !
 Great for hand-eye coordination in us older folk and we found we can still keep a beat to rock music ! We are past the rock music era , but suprised to see several songs we grew up with that we still remembered . We did fair on the beginning level , but only played a few times . Had a great time interacting with our daughter and son-in-law and getting a bit `` hip '' once again . It was GREAT !!
 Coming from a Guitar Freaks fan , I rate this game higher than Guitar Freaks.Song Choices , Guitar Controller , Difficulty level , everything is just right ! Very well worth the $ 70 or so .
 In games like Donkey Konga and Dance Dance Revolution , we are plagued with horrible music that ruins the gaming experience . This game , however , actually has a good soundtrack . Sure , there 's the occasional stinker * coughSum41cough * , but the songs are overall very good . Whether you like classic rock , metal , punk , or any rock asociated genre , you 'll not only hear it , but get to play it on the guitar controller . It takes a little while to get the hang of it , but once you do , you 'll be glad you bought this game !
 This game is awesome ! Great songs , fun , addictive and challenging to play . I have not been really into a game in years , that has changed with this one ! The cost is well worth it in terms of time spent playing . Excellent game !!
 I did not know this game existed , until I happened to be waltzing through Best Buy and heard Black Sabbath -- over and over again . Crowds formed around this game and there is good reason why . In the spirit of DDR and Karaoke Revolution comes -- Guitar Hero . In the comfort of your own home , wearing your own PJ 's , you too can rock out as the lead guitarist in a band . The game comes with a cute little plastic guitar , with colored buttons on the neck and a strum bar . There also is a whammy bar for your enjoyment . I do agree with other reviewers -- if you do n't like Rock Music ... this may not be your game . But nevertheless , as someone who is n't a guitarist I was concerned about making a fool of myself in the Best Buy when the employee handed me the guitar . But oddly enough , I did n't get booed off stage and had a lot of fun ! As stated previously , this game is not about the graphics -LRB- which are decent -RRB- or even about the perfection of the guitar controller -LRB- I had a bit of the time orientating my fingertips to the appropriate buttons -RRB- but it 's about the music . This game would be excellent for parties , and even better when alone since you get extra points for jumping about with the guitar as if you truly are on stage . All in all , a great game !
 This is possibly one of the best games ever . To put it in perspective I went to Best Buy for nothing other than to play Guitar Hero . It is the most addicting game ever and with 4 difficulty levels I do n't think its easy to get bored with . If you play the guitar like I do it may be a little wierd at first because you may want to play the actual songs but after a couple of tries it gets less wierd and more fun ! Such a refreshing change from all of the other style games in a way that DDR was when it first came out . I play Halo 2 a whole lot but this game is a very nice change of pace from the first person shooter . If you are someone who loves rock music -LRB- real rock ... like Ozzy , and Boston , and Queen etc etc -RRB- buy this game now !
 This is a lot of fun , we purchased it for the family and everyone enjoys it . From ages 11-40 . It was a big hit over Christmas with all the visitors .
 My brother absolutely loves this game ! I found myself liking it quite a bit as well , and I usually do n't care much for video games . The music selection is awesome , and it 's just so addicting .
 I like it cause I play the drums and I really rock out to the music !!!
 I do not play video or interactive games . However I do play Guitar Hero . It 's great for all ages , from our youngest child to the oldest adult . We will all sit around and take turn , do competitions . It 's great family time and fun for the whole family .
 My teens love this game . One already plays guitar , the other one never picked one up . They both have not put this one down . It has been the talk of the neighborhood with my feeling as if my whole town has been in my house trying this new game out ! A great choice for Christmas for them . A little steep in price but in just a few weeks it has already made up for the amount of pleasure .
 This game allows the player to follow the rhythm to the 16th beat , as well as to the `` note '' on the difficult settings.There are 6 buttons on the fret board so you have to be quick to hit the right ones and strum at the at the same time . This action builds dexterity with left hand as well as up/down/up strum patterns for the right ... without the bleeding fingertips.Power chords and fifths are emulated in the game which adds to the fun - You 'll see . Now , there is only 1 button per fret on the controller versus 6 strings on a real guitar , but this controller holds up as a great practice tool . You 'll find yourself riffing and holding notes with the neck straight up in the air while playing the lead.Set your TV volume to 11 for this game .
 I 'll try not and repeat what everyone else has said . I 'm sure there are reviews that tell you the gist of the game anyway . I do n't have GH2 , so I ca n't compare , but from what I 've played of GH1 , it rocked my socks off . I love it ! It 's great fun and will have you addicted very quickly . The design and look of the game is great , there are fun and great details about it that make you feel like you 're a rocker on tour or wannabe rocker . Very fun . Yes , I 've heard the guitar is n't the greatest to hold , but it really does work.There are very , very few songs that I actually knew , but when you play in ` career mode ' which is the meat of the game and where you earn points and money you 're forced to play songs you 've never heard of -- and most of them are really good , great even . Very memorable . There are several that I really enjoyed and remembered after I finished playing . `` Infected '' comes to mind.I think the difficulty meter could have been a bit easier . On easy you use 3 buttons , on medium you jump to 4 and on hard and expert you use all 5 , but I think on medium you should still be on 3 buttons and go to 4 on hard and 5 on expert , even so , I did manage to get through songs using 4 buttons with much repetition.The one gripe and why I took a star away is that you really do n't have a great practice mode . Basically , playing on easy is your practice but you do n't really get to practice using 4 or 5 buttons until you 're in a song playing and that 's just too hard in the middle of a song to start to master using all five buttons . That 's crazy . There should be a mode where you do n't get scored and can just play songs and no matter how bad you are you do n't get booed or have to start over . I found it incredibly frustrating to have to practice while in the middle of a set with 4 buttons , I played one song over 30 times just to finish , and while this game is incredibly fun that took some fun away . And the crowd and the game are not nearly as forgiving as they are on easy.However , it is still too addictive and I found myself playing regardless of how many times it took me to finish a song , which is bad on my fingers and wrist . A break is definelty reccomended , I also found it somewhat easier to play sitting down at some points in the game.Overall , this game totally rocks and people are not lying when they say this is the MOST.FUN.EVER . It really is , and I think any complaints are overshadowed by the good stuff , really , any gripes you have are n't so bad that you 'd never want to play . There are a few songs that you 'll never want to play again , and some you just love playing , and even some songs you 've never heard of it that you will like , The song list is crucial . I GH1 does a good job of creating a decent list of songs.I think the $ 69 or $ 79 price tag is worth it , you really will get your money worth , but do n't pay more than that . ; -RRB- The Gods of Rock , we salute you !
 Guitar Hero is a truly simple spinoff based on games of yesteryear -LRB- ie simon says -RRB- but its just so much darn fun . Who does n't love the rock star lifestyle ? I know I do . This game lets you live out your fantasies and feel like your playing in a band with some of your favorite musicians . The game can really go from both extremes to very easy to ridiculously hard so it accommodates players of all skill levels . Career mode is fun but multiplayer action is a blast . Buy 2 guitars because you wo n't want to share this game with anyone .
 GH1 has a very good set of songs from different genres . The four difficulty levels are well thought out , and the difficulty increases nicely as you progress through each level . Once you finish everything -LRB- or get stuck somewhere along the way -RRB- , the rating system -LRB- 3 to 5 stars for each song you finish -RRB- gives you excellent incentive to go back and try for higher scores and will keep you playing for weeks . I find all the eye candy -LRB- the different venues , guitars , characters , and costumes -RRB- rather silly , as none of it adds anything to the game -- when the notes are flying at you , you do n't have time to watch your animated character pout as she misses a note . People watching you play might enjoy it , however.I 'm withholding a star overall beacuse it took the developers until GH2 to realize that some people would play on LCD TVs with video lag -- it takes a while to get used to the video and audio being -LRB- just slightly -RRB- out of synch . A practice mode -LRB- added in GH2 -RRB- would have been helpful to get past those songs I got stuck on -LRB- maybe I would n't have had to try about 300 times to finish Cowboys From Hell on expert -RRB- .
 Where do I begin ? How about on the awesome features of this game.The Venues-The venues are freakin sweet , rich with detail , and the better you 're doing , the more aliove the venue is.The characters - all the characters have their own personality and style , from the punk rockers , to the 60s style classic rockers.The Songs - Now this is a big one . An absolutely great songlist . Everything from Iron Man to Ziggy Stardust . And then some.The guitars-During the game you can buy new guitars and guitar skins . These do not make the guitar in the game sound any different . But man they sure look cool.The Controller-This is what holds this game together . The guitar controller nails the look and feel of a real guitar . The five fret buttons make playing your favorite songs a snap.Overall-An amazing game that is impossible to ignore . Well worth the money .
 It is a Xmas gift so I will rate after the holidays.Thanks
 I did not recieve it ! It was canceled . Luckily i was able to buy it from some other source :-RRB- I 'm Enjoying it !!!!
 my only gripe is when i wan na play it really late at night when everyone in my house is asleep , the buttons are too loud when i press them . and i have a big house , you 'd think it wouldnt wake anyone up , i guess the walls are too thin and the rooms arent soundproof ? hah . oh yeah , and the medium level is pretty hard for me . ill hafta keep playing and practicing more . just like a real guitar . btw , i sold my guitar to a pawn shop and now i regret it totally . i also lost the reciept for the store credit because they wouldnt give me cash because it was too cheap . nevermind that . the end .
 I do n't have this game , YET !! But I 've seen it at a Fry 's Electronics on Demo where you can play it and check it out . I did n't have the guts to try it in front of the bunch of people crowding to watch others play but it seems like a really cool game/controller . I 've been thinking about getting a PS2 to play Taiko DrumMaster and Final Fantasy games but never got around to actually getting one . I had other priorities ahead of a PS2 and I was spending more time playing CS * CounterStrike * Online since I have my own server . So I thought I do n't really need a PS2 that bad . But now that prices are falling due to the debut of PS3 coming soon . I might just grab me one and rock the roof off my apartment with this game . I 'll post again if I do end up getting it .
 Let me just start off by saying that you dont want to buy this game unless you are prepared to own a game that is fat . okay . if you are , then just go ahead and buy it . this game does not really have a point except to have fun . So why not just play a real guitar ? I dont know , but maybe buy it anyways , cause its fun . Oh yeah , maybe if you could play all those songs in real life , then you wouldnt be playing this game cause ... cmon why would ya ? But then if you cant , go ahead 'n play this game i guess . or if you dont want to that 's fine too ; -RRB-
 it wasnt that hard on expert because i can play any song on expert needs to be little harder .
 This game has it all . It is fun , addicting , good graphics , awesome music , good level of difficulty , kid-friendly and did I mention addicting ? I go through phases with most video games , pick one and play it for a ridiculous amount of time and then get bored . With Guitar Hero though , I have yet to reach the boredom stage . This game rocks , no pun intended . Looking forward to Guitar Hero 2 and possibly battling my kids with it when they eventually reach the age that they 'll want to play video games . Best game I 've ever played .
 This is one of many that is a must-have game for the PS2 . For all the people who have no idea what this game is about , I 'll tell ya . If u ever heard of Amplitude , Dance Dance Revolution -LRB- or DDR -RRB- , or any other games that have to do with music this game is part of that category -LRB- Simulator video games -RRB- . You go though a career mode to unlock new songs and collect money to unlock other things such as ; other guitars , skins for the guitar , hidden songs , other characters , all that good stuff . There are several songs such as ; `` Smoke on the Water '' , `` Ironman '' , `` No One Knows '' , `` Spanish Castle Magic '' , `` Ace of Spades '' , `` I Love Rock 'n' Roll '' , and many more ! And if you get a seconded guitar or have a controller around you can play with your friends and go head-to-head . This is for the people who say `` its tough on the fingers '' . Well I have to agree with that , after about 10 or so song your hands start to cramp up . But no said playing the guitar was easy , real or not.Overall : This game is as fun as ... no not as fun ... beyond anything that is fun ! Plus , there is going to be a `` Guitar Hero II '' it is coming out around mid-november to late-december which I expect it to be even better then this one !
 My dad bought Guitar Hero for us . Now I 'm not a musical person but with tutorials and easy everyone can enjoy it . There are four different levels and a great design -LRB- shaped like a guitar with five buttons and a strum bar -RRB- . the only drawback is that after a while , your fingers and wrist starts to hurt from the odd angle you have to play at.Overall this is one of the most addictive and fun games EVER !
 When I first noticed the box for this game , I 'll admit that I thought it was more of a kid 's game . After reading all of the reviews here , I decided to purchase the game for myself and my 11 year old daughter . Trust me , it is nothing short of amazing.There are several reviews written by guitar players . Being that I 've played for 14 years now , I was pretty excited to see how much fun they were having with the game . As it turns out , the controller is very responsive and accurate . After getting past the first couple difficulty levels , the game becomes challenging even for an advanced guitar player.It seems like one of the more common complaints about the game is the track listing . Obviously you ca n't please everyone and people want to see their favorite songs included on the game . I think they 've done an excellent job including a variety of tracks and genres while attempting to reach the largest target audience possible . I 'm already excited to see the track list for Guitar Hero 2 . Since purchasing the game , I 've played it with several people of all age groups . From my 11 year old daughter to my mother -LRB- in her 50 's -RRB- . They 've all had a blast.I 've also read comments about how excellent the sound quality is . Right after purchasing the game I decided to upgrade my audio connection from my PS2 to my surround sound system using fiber optic audio cables . All I can say is ... WOW !! It wo n't be long before my neighbors start complaining ...
 After playing the demo of this game a few times , I picked it up and took it home . It 's a fantastic game that is a lot of fun . You feel a sense of accomplishment when you hit the notes right and the song sounds great . This is a great game for anyone from a young kid that is into music to an adult who has no musical ability and a hint of coordination .
 Up until Guitar Hero , the rhythm-game genre was kind of a cult thing . Thousands of people play Dance Dance Revolution , but because of the limitations of the home versions and because many people were turned off by the music in the game , it has n't caught on with the general public.Then you have some genuine attempts to bring the rhythm game to the `` hoi polloi , '' such as Donkey Konga and Amplitude , but none of them were good enough games to make too much of a splash.Now we have Guitar Hero , which is , without question , easily , the best rhythm game available for home consoles . Finally , it 's a rhythm game that will appeal to a huge audience.This is also the closest a rhythm game has ever gotten to actually emulating the experience - in this case , playing a guitar . Sliding your hand up and down the fretboard and strumming really does make you feel like you 're playing.Guitar Hero does not pull any punches with the difficulty , either . The hardest songs will take hours and hours of practice to pass , let alone master.And the songs - what an awesome selection . Most people will recognize all of the songs in this game , and a wide variety of genres are represented , from metal to hard rock and blues , alternative , punk and more . The songs are all covers but you 'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference on most of them -LRB- unlike the awful , awful cover versions in the Karaoke Revolution games -RRB- . In addition , there 's a wide selection of original songs from unknown Boston rock bands . These songs vary in quality , but even without these 20-odd songs , the overall songlist offers more than enough great music.For once , a rhythm-game company took some time on the interface . Everything in this game looks great , even the retro-looking load and save screens.Guitar Hero obviously was inspired by DDR creator Konami 's own Guitar Freaks , but vastly improves on that game . If Red Octane , which previously sold only DDR pads and accessories , takes this much care with all its future games , it should do very well .
 I played this game at a friends house 20 min . later I Bought It ! It was that good ! I never had so much fun with my whole family , From ages 9 to 65 and everyone was having a blast , a must have ! Probally the most addicting game I have ever played !
 I do n't think i 've been able to put this game down since buying it!even if you 're not a fan of the type of music in GH , rocking out with friends in the multiplayer mode is a blast!A DEFINITE RECCOMENDATION for anybody who owns a PS2
 Our daughter loves her game . Her and her friends get together with their guitars and play and dance for hours .
 I love video games , and I love rock music . So when I saw a crowd gathered around a big screen TV at my local Best Buy , all watching this dude play this game , rather well I might add , I decided to buy it.Now , I 've never played a musical instrument in my life , at least with the serious intent of making music appealing to the human ear . But you do n't have to be musically inclined to enjoy this game , all you have to do is enjoy music . I actually surprised myself once I started playing the game that I could keep up with the songs , and demonstrated decent finger skills.Most video games are first-person-shooters or driving games , which are visually stimulating and fun in their own right , but none of which challenge you to use your hand-eye coordination like Guitar Hero.The easy mode is a lot of fun , and not too hard to follow . It 's when you get to the medium level that things get faster and more than 3 chords are thrown at you . I got to unlock `` Bark At The Moon '' by Ozzy Osborne , and after trying to play it , I have doubts I 'll ever hit every note , but it sure is fun trying.Practice makes perfect , as I 've learned after failing a few songs more than a few times.I can see replay value for years from this game . Unless you are a complete addict and shut-in , I do n't think anybody will ever master it note for note . Hopefully there will be a Guitar Hero 2 , with more songs and characters .
 There 's been a lot of reviews on this game with both positive and negative feedback . People who play this game and give it a bad review ... Well , this could be for one of two reasons .1 . This really is n't their type of game , but they tried it , and wish to blast it anyway .2 . Are so hung up on the small details that they forget the more important ones.The most common of all complaints is the song selection . Look , say your Harmonix , and you contact a band and ask for permission to use one of their songs in your new video game , but it wo n't be the band singing or playing the song -LRB- Yes , it 's true , they have different people do the music -RRB- . This might not sit well with the band and its members , so they might refuse rights . Think about it . This could be what happened with this game , but rest assured , with the popularity and backing this game 's getting , I 'd say it 's safe to assume there will -LRB- should -RRB- be a sequel . And based upon how well the game sells , they might be able to acquire some more diversity -LRB- But , in my own opinion , of course , I do n't think Pearl Jam or Velvet Revolver should be in the game ... Oh i know I 'm gon na get blasted for that -RRB- . Now for the breakdown : Gameplay
 I grew up in the 80s and still love heavy metal . I got this for my 13 yr old son for Christmas -LRB- wink-wink -RRB- . It was so totally worth the money ! The bundle box came with the game disc and a Guitar Controller . It took one song to become oriented -LRB- and addicted -RRB- with how the controller works . This game puts a whole new spin on air-guitar by giving you an actual guitar to hold and play ! Easy-mode is the way to go until you 're REALLY ready to rock . Medium-mode starts throwing double-combo licks and much faster pace . The song selection is an outstanding variation of punk -LRB- Ramones -RRB- to hard rock -LRB- Black Sabbath -RRB- to Heavy Metal -LRB- Megadeth , White Zombie -RRB- , plus classics too -LRB- Hendrix , Queen , ZZ Top -RRB- . The character selection is limited , but who gives a rip ! You 're not gon na have time to look at your player because you need to stay focused on the icons zooming along your fret board on screen . The TV our PS2 is hooked up to also has a surround sound set up . We were really rocking out until it got too loud for my wife . I 'm buying a second guitar controller so we can go head-to-head . This will be an awesome party game too ! `` Guitar Hero '' will wear out your fingers and hands before you 'll ever get bored . For Red Octane -LRB- game developers -RRB- - GET TO WORK ON A SECOND GAME SO WE HAVE MORE SONGS !! GUITAR HERO IS WICKED AWESOME ! WE LOVE IT !!
 I picked up the game and SG bundle by preorder through Red Octane 's online store -LRB- to the tune of $ 70 , not including shipping -RRB- , and I have to say it was worth every penny.The gameplay is basically like an offshoot of DDR Revolution , except instead of matching dance steps you 're playing chords and busting out with hard and long notes through some of the best rockin ' guitar tracks around . Everything from `` Thunderkiss 65 '' to `` Smoke on the Water '' are available for quickplay or story mode -LRB- career mode -RRB- . The SG guitar is a little smaller than a real Fender Stratocaster or Telecaster -LRB- which is what the SG appears to be modeled from -RRB- , has five frets which are used in conjunction with the single strum bar to pull any note that goes along with the track . There 's a whammy bar to pull out some really nice waling tunes out of select notes , and you definitely need to use the whammy bar to gain `` Star Power '' -LRB- which amounts to higher scores , and more popularity among the audience -RRB- . This has got to be one of the most innovative games available for your PS2 . I would recommend this title to anyone who loves rock and loves the idea of rockin ' along to some of the greatest tracks ever played .
 I dont own this game but i tried a DEMO at Best Buy today and i want to say it was awesome !!!! my Dad even played and he 's 39 yrs old ! yet im only 10 lol Me and my Dad were addicted to the song '' I love Rock n ' Roll '' i just want to say if you like rock this is a must buy ! -LRB- note
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Anyway , This game is definatley the best game i have ever played . It is extremley addictive . I was up until 4AM last night playing , then woke up at 11AM and started playing again . Although i will say that you may want to practice ALOT on the easy and medium levels before you even think about the hard or expert . It 's hard enough hitting the blue fret with the pinky much less moving down and hitting the orange . So , keep that in mind if you get it . But that aside , if you like rock music , if you like to rock out , and just be a rock god , this is the game for you .
 A fellow reviewer said that buying a Playstation 2 just for this game is entirely worth it . I completely agree . I did go out and buy a Playstation 2 for this game . My little brother called me and told me about it , I remember laughing because I thought it was going to be just another stupid video game . I decided to try my hand out at a ` virtual guitar ' -LRB- as opposed to my still famous air-guitar -RRB- . I was hooked . I borrowed the game . My friends were hooked . I got one for Christmas . My friends asked for them for Christmas.I love the game and the characters a cool too . You really do n't pay much attention to the characters since your primary focus is on the notes you need to hit to become a rockstar.The music is great and it 's alot of fun . I hear songs on the radio and think of how it would be to play it on my guitar hero . They already need to come out with another game with more songs like we hear today . But I still love this game.Try playing with a buzz ... standing on your couch in rockstar stance . You 'll feel even cooler ! : - -RRB-
 Ok , first of all I have never played Red Octane 's other titles , or any other `` music '' games.I was skeptical at first of playing a game that features a toy guitar -LRB- since Im 36 years old -RRB- but I 've put that all past me.This game is just too much fun.The songs are good . I do n't know how the 30 + songs were selected , but they are all good rock n roll songs that are all enjoyable to `` play `` The basic idea is that you have to press the right buttons -LRB- and combinations of buttons -RRB- on the guitar as the notes scroll up on the screen.The cool part is if you do it correctly it feels like you are actually playing the guitar , which is what makes it so much fun.Some of the button sequences get quite challenging . Bark at the moon is one of the Finale songs in order to `` beat '' the game . At harder difficultly levels this song can be enormously challenging.Whats interesting is how quickly nearly everyone seems to improve . If you play a few songs on easy , moving to medium is not too bad , and given a few days you can usually make through a song or two on Hard.I wish they had more alternative rock songs instead of just older traditional rock songs -LRB- and a few newer bands -RRB- But after playing these songs i 've grown more fond of these dusty tunes and find myself tuning into the classic rock radio stations to listen to them played by the originals.Hope this helps !
 If you purchase this item from red octane directly you will save yourself $ 40.00 for the same product . fyi
 Play air guitar all day!This game bring all your 80 's air guitar dreams come true , but you play a `` real '' guitar . The graphics are pretty cool , nothing special . But the toggle in the guitar makes it soo much fun ! By tilting the guitar up it activates `` star power '' and increases your score and popularity . If you 've ever played the game Amplitude and loved that you 'll definitely fall for Guitar Hero!After playing it for long enough you can get sucked into BIG TIME!This is must on any die hard guitarist wan na be 's Holiday list !
 The Game is tons of fun . Everything is easy to hook up . It was packaged nicely . Will definately buy again .
 I think I 've hit one of the must-have games for any PS2 owner that enjoys rock music . You get a physical `` guitar '' controller with this game , and it 's amazingly fun!You hold the controller just like a real guitar , and it 's switchable for left handed players . The neck of the guitar has 5 buttons on it that you play with your left hand . In the center of the guitar is a `` strum '' button that you hit to play the notes . There 's even a metal bar to wiggle , to cause the notes to `` bend '' to give an extra crowd boost.If you 're not a big hard rock / metal fan , there 's only a few songs to choose from . You get Ziggy Stardust , Crossroads , Killer Queen , Sharp Dressed Man , More than a Feeling and a few more . Those who like harder rock will be quite thrilled , though . There 's Iron Man , I Wan na Be Sedated , Symphony of Destruction , You 've Got Another Thing Comin ' and much more.There are four difficulty levels . You start with easy of course , where it 's great fun to play along with your favorite songs and just have fun . When you crank up to the higher levels - moving through various venues and unlocking different characters and guitars - the keys get VERY difficult . Still , it 's a blast hammering away at the notes , waving your guitar around in the air and having fun.The sound is quite good , and you get a real boost from hearing the crowd cheer and yell for you . The visuals are reasonable - but really , this is n't a game about visuals . You just watch for the buttons to press , and press them . It 's really about the music.Now , I do have to mention some complaints . The first is the song list . I wish they 'd offered more of a wide selection of song types . I suppose that new games will come out soon with more song options , which I 'll look forward to.Next is the key layout . I really love the strum bar . But the buttons up on the neck of the guitar are AWFUL . They have 5 wide buttons all in a straight line . The buttons have to be pressed straight in to work well . Human fingers simply do n't work that way . They should have put the buttons at an angle - both angled a bit diagonally the way a hand holds a guitar neck , and also angled up-down so that your fingers press into them at an angle . As it is now , the buttons tend to stick and jam . When you fail at a really complex song because the keys have stuck , it 's very frustrating.That being said , you can usually get through an hour or two before your fingers really start to kill you . If you play with a group of friends , passing the guitar around between songs , that means an afternoon can go by before all of you end up with finger pain . I suppose it 's a built in way to ensure that you do n't play video games all day long : -RRB-
 Finally , a PS2 game that deserves five stars . Guitar Hero is one of those high-concept games with such a great premise that many people will buy it without having seen a single screen capture . And the cincher is , it fully lives up to its promise.Pros : - Addictive gameplay . The customized guitar-shaped controller gives an added cute factor over other simulation games of this type . - Terrific graphics , backgrounds , and characters . Their in-game activities and details are very endearing . - Fortunately , they did n't forget the guitar-loving gals and included two female characters you can choose from . There 's also a terrific Donnas song -LRB- `` Take It Off '' -RRB- you can play along to , plus that perennial air-guitar classic , Joan Jett 's `` I Love Rock and Roll '' . They could 've gone even farther with the gender balance -- imagine trying to play something by Sleater-Kinney , with those twisty Carrie Brownstein guitar lines -- but at least they tried . - Good songs with diversity . I had n't expected to see `` Godzilla '' on here -- Donald `` Buck Dharma '' Roeser is a grossly underrated guitarist , and playing this song might make you appreciate him much more . `` Bark at the Moon '' and `` You Got Another Thing Comin ' '' are classic metal ; `` Texas Flood '' and `` Crossroads '' represent the blues spectrum ; `` Higher Ground '' supplies the funk ; `` Stellar '' and `` No One Knows '' represent modern alternative rock . `` Cowboys from Hell '' is an apt tribute to the late , great Dimebag Darrell , and Megadeth 's crushing `` Symphony of Destruction '' is my favourite song selection . The songs are n't their original versions -LRB- imagine the licensing fees -RRB- , but they are great-sounding recreations of the recordings . - I had originally been skeptical about the SG guitar controller 's ability to respond to lightning-fast notes , but it turns out to be quite sharp . - Rock-star dreams . Who would n't get a kick out of this?Cons : - While there 's a good diversity in the song choices , like Stevie Ray Vaughan -LRB- `` Texas Flood '' -RRB- , Edgar Winter Group -LRB- `` Frankenstein '' -RRB- and Queen -LRB- `` Killer Queen '' -RRB- , at a certain point , it still ai n't quite enough . Given the huge pantheon of rock/blues/jazz music out there , of course there 'll be omissions , and licensing problems probably added to the limitations in song choices . No Led Zeppelin , no Nirvana or Pearl Jam , no Guns N ' Roses , no AC/DC , no Allman Brothers Band , no Joe Satriani , no Van Halen , no Santana , no The Band , no Bruce Springsteen , no U2 , no Neil Young and Crazy Horse , no Metallica , no Evanescence , no Aerosmith , no Living Colour , no Bon Jovi , no Dream Theater . And where are `` Hotel California '' and `` Layla '' ? Pink Floyd 's `` Comfortably Numb '' ? Eric Johnson 's `` Cliffs of Dover '' ? - While some of the unlockable bonus songs are fun to play -- Freezepop 's `` Get Ready 2 Rokk '' is just fabulously weird , and Artillery 's `` The Breaking Wheel '' is challenging , twisty fun -- some of them are trite , and some are downright annoying , included only because a certain member of the band is on the Harmonix design team . The Acro-Brats , The Slip , Made in Mexico , Count Zero and Honest Bob and the Factory-to-Dealer Incentives are especially irritating -- bad music , repetitive and overlong . And there 's way too much skater punk-pop in general . - Having Gibson Guitars ' endorsement means you get to play some genuine Gibson guitar designs . Hey , I play one myself and I love them . But not being able to use classic designs like the Stratocaster , the Ibanez R-type , the Telecaster , the Rickenbacker and the Jackson Rhoads is conspicuous , to say the least . - Remember to rest your hands ... the SG controller has what we 'd call a `` baseball bat '' neck , thicker than any electric guitar I can think of , and playing this thing can be even more tiring than playing a real guitar ... this coming from a guy who plays acoustic 12-string . There are already plenty of wishlists on the web for songs that have n't been included , and I can only hope there will be a Guitar Hero 2 . Terrific fun .
 You may have seen it in arcades , an undersized plastic `` guitar '' with 5 colorful buttons on its bridge , but balked at the $ 2.00 it costs to play the thing . Well for only $ 70.00 you can now get the game for your PS2 and play it over and over and over again.And that 's exactly what 'll happen if you buy it.One stipulation : You better at least like rock music . And by Rock , I do n't mean Sheryl Crowe , I mean Head-thrashing , Fingers-shredding , Bite-the-head-off-bats rock . Oh sure , there 's the occasional genre buster , they 've got a modest Queen piece , and Texas Flood , a slinging blues piece . But the meat of the playlist comes from bands with guitarists who have one-word nicknames . From punk to classic to metal to some of the bands on the radio today , the common denominator is that the songs rock.Still , it 's ridiculously addicting , like a Dance Dance Revolution for the hair-band crowd , and while there are a limited number of songs -LRB- around 30 once everything 's unlocked -RRB- , it 's a testament to the quality of the game that even if there were 50 songs , you 'd probably still want more . The difficulty is high enough that finishing the game on Expert level would leave you with enough skills to pick up an actual guitar and play some extremely easy tab . That 's not to say it 's a music-teaching tool , it 's not by any stretch of the imagination , but it certainly would n't hurt your eye-hand coordination or your rhythmic sensibility.The hardware itself is a miniature SG-style sturdy piece of plastic . There 's even a whammy bar which , while it 's not integrated into gameplay , is available for all your pitch bending needs.Given the right environment , it 's the kind of game that you could lose sleep over the first few nights you got it . It 's good for either a party-environment , or rocking out yourself in career mode . Two thumbs , two index fingers and two pinkies up !
 I think I 've hit one of the must-have games for any PS2 owner that enjoys rock music . You get a physical `` guitar '' controller with this game , and it 's amazingly fun!You hold the controller just like a real guitar , and it 's switchable for left handed players . The neck of the guitar has 5 buttons on it that you play with your left hand . In the center of the guitar is a `` strum '' button that you hit to play the notes . There 's even a metal bar to wiggle , to cause the notes to `` bend '' to give an extra crowd boost.If you 're not a big hard rock / metal fan , there 's only a few songs to choose from . You get Ziggy Stardust , Crossroads , Killer Queen , Sharp Dressed Man , More than a Feeling and a few more . Those who like harder rock will be quite thrilled , though . There 's Iron Man , I Wan na Be Sedated , Symphony of Destruction , You 've Got Another Thing Comin ' and much more.There are four difficulty levels . You start with easy of course , where it 's great fun to play along with your favorite songs and just have fun . When you crank up to the higher levels - moving through various venues and unlocking different characters and guitars - the keys get VERY difficult . Still , it 's a blast hammering away at the notes , waving your guitar around in the air and having fun.The sound is quite good , and you get a real boost from hearing the crowd cheer and yell for you . The visuals are reasonable - but really , this is n't a game about visuals . You just watch for the buttons to press , and press them . It 's really about the music.Now , I do have to mention some complaints . The first is the song list . I wish they 'd offered more of a wide selection of song types . I suppose that new games will come out soon with more song options , which I 'll look forward to.Next is the key layout . I really love the strum bar . But the buttons up on the neck of the guitar are AWFUL . They have 5 wide buttons all in a straight line . The buttons have to be pressed straight in to work well . Human fingers simply do n't work that way . They should have put the buttons at an angle - both angled a bit diagonally the way a hand holds a guitar neck , and also angled up-down so that your fingers press into them at an angle . As it is now , the buttons tend to stick and jam . When you fail at a really complex song because the keys have stuck , it 's very frustrating.That being said , you can usually get through an hour or two before your fingers really start to kill you . If you play with a group of friends , passing the guitar around between songs , that means an afternoon can go by before all of you end up with finger pain . I suppose it 's a built in way to ensure that you do n't play video games all day long : -RRB-
 Guitar Hero is that rare product that gets a five star rating from nearly every person who uses it , and with good reason . It succeeds on every level . It 's an incredibly audacious game . Everything in it , it seems , is turned up to eleven.What the game does is play cover songs that sound astoundingly close to the originals , with the guitar parts broken down note-by-note , so that each note only sounds when you press the indicated button on the fretboard while `` picking '' with a two-way rocker switch on the guitar controller . If you miss a note , that note does n't sound -LRB- or you get a slight `` error '' type noise -RRB- , and the results are pretty funny . With a real guitar you can fudge your way through a smokin ' heavy metal solo by playing random distorted notes as fast as you can . Only other guitarists will know the difference . But here , it becomes painfully obvious to everyone around when you blow a note -- the guitar silence is deafening , the audience shows its disapproval with boos , and the animated character hangs his or her head in shame . But when you nail it , you are rewarded with praise from the audience , `` Star Power '' , and the character even smashes the guitar or sets it on fire in celebration . This game is pure entertainment . Even the fonts for your name are `` fun '' , and just wait until you see what happens when you enter your name into the high scores!Oh , and do n't forget to look closely at the financial statements after each show . Just like real life , the artist who does all the work gets the smallest piece of the pie , while the `` businessmen '' get 90 % of the artists ' earnings . The only thing missing is the RIAA suing your grandmother , your children , or your dog , for music piracy.There is a Quick Play mode , which allows you to jump right in and play any unlocked song at any difficulty level . The Career mode is where you unlock most of the 30 well-known songs , and earn the money you 'll need to unlock songs , guitars , characters , skins , and even special feature videos on how the game was made . I went straight to the Medium difficulty mode and could unlock all the songs quickly without struggling through the Expert difficulty first.The Expert mode is very difficult because you already have your four fingers on the `` frets '' , and then they add a fifth fret , so you must move your pinky or shift your entire hand over one fret . It 's not easy ! The guitar controller looks like a cheesy toy , but it 's actually a solid product . Be sure to plug it in to your first controller slot before booting up your PS2 though -- it was n't exactly plug-n-play for me when the game was already running and I plugged it into the second controller slot.The only way Guitar Hero could be better is if you could use a real guitar with real strings . Some day in the future I 'm sure we 'll be able to use a MIDI guitar to do just that . Until then , Guitar Hero has got to be one of the most entertaining video games ever made . You can play these songs over and over again without losing interest . Trust me , when you 're alone , you 'll be writhing and grimacing musically like a rock star when you play this game . Pete Townsend windmills and the Chuck Berry `` duckwalk '' are all possible while playing the guitar controller.Songs run the gamut from Classic Rock -LRB- Jimi Hendrix , Cream -RRB- to your favorite 90 's bands -LRB- Pantera , The Donnas -RRB- , along with several unknown new bands . I was originally concerned about playing songs I never heard before . But those are fun in their own unique way precisely because you do n't know how the song goes . Even songs I hated before -LRB- Joan Jett -- `` I Love Rock 'N Roll '' -RRB- are fun to play . I 'm so glad they also included some unique songs like Frankenstein and Godzilla , and especially a great blues tune by Stevie Ray Vaughn -LRB- Texas Flood -RRB- . One of my favorites to play is Ziggy Stardust . Best of all , there 's NO METALLICA -LRB- I ca n't stomach even hearing Metallica ever since Lars started whining about impoverished consumers `` stealing '' music from multi-millionaire rock stars -RRB- . Despite the lack of Van Halen , I was more bummed that Rush was n't found here . But good news -- Guitar Hero II will feature both Rush and Van Halen!I 've been a frustrated guitarist for 20 years . This game allows me to max out what little skill I do have on the controller , while hearing guitar work out the speaker that I could only dream of producing myself . That makes Guitar Hero a genuine treat for me . I think that 's why it is so addictive -- it really does make you feel as if YOU were producing those incredible riffs and solos.Bravo to the developer -LRB- Harmonix -RRB- , and the musicians who created the covers -LRB- Wavegroup -RRB- for putting so much thought into Guitar Hero ! RedOctane is just the publisher , and I think it 's a shame they get all the credit when Harmonix and Wavegroup did all the work!The only conceivable thing missing is brands of guitars other than Gibson . Yet it does n't really matter since tone and fret action are n't even an issue with a plastic guitar controller . Hopefully somebody is working on a wireless guitar controller , which would allow you to do even more crazy stunts while playing.I 'll end this review by repeating what others have already said
 My husband and his friend loved this game . It is funny to watch a bunch of grown men jam to the music and attempt to play along . As far as entertainment value this game deserves 5 stars . If you are a serious guitar player I would not think this would be right for you . This birthday present was definitely worth the money .
 What about Guitar Hero entices me to put up the title `` Simply Amazing '' for my review ? Just about everything . Here are some of the games biggest strong points ... 1 . The soundtrack : Guitar Hero boasts one of the best video game soundtracks since the Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater series . Songs such as `` Iron Man , '' `` Killer Queen , '' `` Ziggy Stardust , '' `` Cochise , '' and `` Smoke on the Water '' make this game an absolute joy to play .2 . The Concept : Who does n't want to become a rock star in the comfort of their own living room ? I do n't wan na meet the person .3 . It 's Development : Because the game was created with the insight of proffessional guitarists it has a unique and authentic feel to it . I 've also noticed that my friends and I who play guitar seem to have an easier learning curve than those who do not .4 . Varying difficulty levels : The games four difficulty levels allow you to increase your sills as you play through some easier songs so that you 're ready when its time to jam out to some Steevie Ray Vaughn ... I have to say that I was extremely skeptical when my mother gave me the game for my birthday last week but after just a few days I 've gone out to buy a second guitar and I 've played it for numerous hours.The only major con of the game is the amount of time that will fly by as you do n't even realize it.If you can spring the 70 bucks to buy the game , buy it . You will not be dissappointed .
 INTRODUCTION : So there I was at the store , debating whether to buy -LSB- Guitar Hero -RSB- or not . My friend said it was the worst idea for a game he had ever heard . My opinion was the complete opposite of his . It 's a video game that you play with a guitar . How could that not be awesome ?! So I got the game . Lo and behold , it WAS awesome.I got home , and I opened the fairly huge package . It came with a full-sized guitar controller -LRB- modeled after a black Gibson SG , in case you were wondering -RRB- . Cool ! included was the guitar strap , which was a tad difficult to get on the controller , but you never , ever have to worry about it falling off or breaking . There were also stickers , so everyone can customize their guitar the way they want . And of course , the game , which looks like any other PS2 game
 The first time I saw Guitar Hero at my local video game store I thougt the game was gimicky and , I assumed it was dumb . I could n't have been more wrong . As someone who has played guitar for more than 10 years , I felt like Guitar Hero was an insult to musicians everywhere . Again , I was wrong . Guitar Hero is one of the most creative and , addictive games ever made and , it actually feels like your playing the guitar especially , on the harder difficulties . I am going to sum up my review with 3 words `` BUY THIS NOW !!! ''
 WOW , great fun for everybody , I play guitar myself and let me tell you ... it does not help at all :-RRB- My girlfriend is getting better scores than I am ... but all the fun we have trying - ca n't really explain it untill you try it yourself . It has a great songs and keeps you busy and ready to come back and play more anytime , we tried it in a group of friends while having few drinks and singing so loud that we could not hear the music ... well ... as long as it gives you fun you dont even have to hear it -LRB- ?! -RRB- just keep the rock rolling :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 When I first realized that these were not the original songs and saw that when I played `` Ace of Spades '' - no Lemmy ... `` Iron Man '' - no Ozzy - I was pissed . But before I knew it I was hooked and did n't care . I first saw this game at Best Buy in Cambridge , MA and there is literally someone on the guitar in that store all day playing this thing with people lined up waiting for them to leave . One person said `` It 's worth it to buy a PS2 just for this game . '' And I play guitar and I have to say that you will enjoy this game if you play or not . And you do n't need to know how to play guitar to play the game .
 I saw this game on display at a local store with a buddy of mine and stepped up to it with a big @ # $ % eating grin -LRB- while he ridiculed me for playing a ` kids game ' -RRB- . 10 minutes later and after a crowd had amassed to witness the Pure Rock Fury -LRB- tm -RRB- , I was walking out with Guitar Hero.Simply put , this game is insanely fun ! It 's easy to get into , and the difficulty scales well as you learn how to operate the guitar controller -LRB- which performs remarkably well for what it is -RRB- . I play the guitar , and find myself playing the game more than the real thing ! The graphics and on-screen action is great eye-candy , and the game has very professional , polished feel . Top-notch music selection , too - classic rock , metal , punk -LRB- anything guitar-driven -RRB- . I would highly recommend the game/controller combo as a gift for anyone in your family -LRB- no explicit lyrics or anything that I can think of -RRB- . The only problem I have is that I can play this game for hours and hours straight when I should be sleeping . It 's AWESOME when you have your PS2 connected to a stereo and can crank it to 11 - the cover songs are EXCELLENT quality . I did n't even realize they were covers until about halfway through the game and I was like , `` that 's not Dave Mustaine ! `` Again , an excellent purchase for young and old . I 'm considering buying this for all my guitar lovin friends as ` early Christmas ' presents ; -RRB- I CAN NOT wait for a sequel .
 Let me preface this by saying that I 'm your prototypical jaded gamer . I 've played a ton of games , and most games these days , I get bored of them within an hour of playing them . So , when I had read good reviews about Guitar Hero , I just figured it 's another game that gets good reviews but that I would n't ever really get into.But one day , I saw it on display at a store , and figured I 'd give it a try . Well , after picking up the guitar and playing the first song , I knew instantly that this game was different . I then convinced my girlfriend to try it at the store ... after about two songs , we were EACH walking out with the game + guitar . And my girlfriend is not into videogames at all . This game is THAT good.We 've been rocking out for a week now , playing every day , and we still ca n't get enough of this game . It 's even made us fans of rock music.For anyone that owns a PS2 , you owe it to yourself to at least try this game out . And if you do n't own a PS2 , it 's worth it to buy one just to play this game . Yes , it IS that good !
 Ok guys and gals ... I grew up in the 90 's but am a huge rock fan ... this game kept me going for hours , and i do n't even play the guitar ! I can play great songs by Stevie Ray Vaughn , ZZ Top , and Motorhead . All things about this game make it the best PS2 game ever created ... Halo 2 = XBOX as Guitar Hero = PS2 ... yeah its that great . Of course there is always room for improvement ... i still want to play some AC/DC and Metallica ... but i love this game and have a hard time putting it down ... Expert is one tough cookie , but once you get it complete you feel awesome!BUY THIS GAME !!! THIS GAME IS THE BEST PS2 GAME AVAILIBLE ... and RED OCTANE ... MAKE A SECOND GUITAR HERO !
 After scouring the local stores for 3 weeks , I finally came across a copy of `` Guitar Hero '' and immediately purchased it despite the high price -LRB- $ 70 bucks retail -RRB- . Got it home , set it up and proceeded to sit there for 4 hours wailing away on the guitar controller . What a blast ! This is my first `` rhythm '' game . A buddy told me about it , claimed I would n't be able to put it down . He 's right . When you start really nailing the songs , you forget that you do n't really know how to play a guitar . You just start ROCKING!Some mild complaints , A
 Guitar Hero is a hell of an addicting game . I got it Saturday , and I 've had guitar solos going through my head since then.Graphics
 I do n't normally do reviews , and it 's all been said in the others , but this game is so awesome , I just have to throw my 2-cents in . We got this for our 3 boys -LRB- ages 13 , 11 and 5 -RRB- for Christmas . Other than a little trouble starting it up the first time - after several minutes of experimentation and anguish , we figured out we had to start with regular controllers until in the game , and then swap to the guitar controllers - they have been playing it non-stop ever since . Me and my wife have to sneak down to play it after the kids go to bed . What a riot ! Combines hand-eye coordination of a video game -LRB- without the violence -RRB- , kick-butt rock and roll tunes and guitar simulation . We got the 2 guitar controller version , which I highly recommend . The kids have put on several ` concerts ' and are very proud of the progress they 've made.One caution for the younger set - It 's a little beyond my 5 year old 's capabilities , at least in career mode . You can get booed off the stage if you miss too many notes , which he did a few times . Kinda bummed out the little guy . But in multiplayer mode , that did n't happen . Maybe OK as long as one of the two is hitting enough good notes?Anyway , get this ! I 've been playing computer/video games since pong , and this is absolutely the most fun , cool , enjoyable use of technology I 've ever experienced!Update
 We came across this game at an electronics retailer . It was set up for a `` test drive , '' and there were about 10 people crowded around waiting to try it . We stopped by to see what it was all about . Within half an hour , we took our turn ... and we spent the rest of the afternoon/evening hunting through every store in town trying to track it down!This game is literally an addiction . Once you start jamming to `` I Love Rock & Roll , '' the first song in the game , you will NOT be able to put down the guitar . My husband and I spend hours battling it out with our 12 - , 9 - , and 6-year-old daughters . Everyone loves it!The Easy setting -LRB- with only 3 buttons -RRB- is simple enough for young children to successfully play along , and the Hard setting , which uses all 5 buttons individually and in chords , is difficult enough to keep adults interested for a very , very long time . My only hope is that they release expansion packs with additional songs ... I find myself listening to the radio , thinking `` that would be a GREAT ` Guitar Hero ' song ! `` If you were alive for -LRB- and enjoyed -RRB- the 80 's rock era , you will love this game ! By far THE best PS2 game ever made !
 The shortest synopsis I can give of this game is this
 Ever wanted to rock out without investing the time to leran how to play an instrument ? Well , poser , this game 's for you!I 've dabbled in a variety of instruments over the last few years . I have an acoustic guitar , electric guitar , bass , keyboards , drums , hell ... even a harmonica scattered randomly throughout my house . I love music.With that in mind , there was never a way to rock out without working really hard to do so , which in and of itself is n't that bad , but this game changes all that . If you 've played guitar , you 'll love this game because it gives you the chance to sit back , relax , and just screw around with the mechanics while having a good time . If you 've never played guitar but have wanted to try , this game 's for you because of the great learning curve and the desire that it will instill in you to take the initiative and try out a real axe.The true dynamic of this game lies in its innovative controller . I have to admit that , even though I 'd seen it in pictures and on TV , when I opened the box for Guitar Hero , I was slightly disappointed with the look of the `` guitar . '' The first thing I thought was , `` Damn , I just spent $ 70 on a kid 's toy . '' Boy , was I wrong . Once you plug the Guitar Hero SG into your PS2 , it 's a whole different story.Within the construct of this game , the guitar 's mechanics just feel right . After a while , the movements , similar to that of really playing chords on a guitar , will just become instinctual , and you can anticipate the notes that are coming before they get there . As far as the way in which the game handles some `` advanced guitar techniques , '' such as hammer-ons , pull-offs , and power chords , the designers did the absolute best job possible , which proves to be more than enough to get a great deal of enjoyment out of this game.The real fun , though , lies in the challenge . When you have the difficulty set on high , and you know that the solo is coming up , you better start mentally preparing . The movements are quick , consistent , and -LRB- from a musician 's standpoint -RRB- convincing.So , to all you guitar purists out there who want to stand on your double stacks and preach to the masses that this game is a discredit to the art of playing , calm down ... this game 's about having fun , and if you buy it , you will!So , plug your Guitar Hero SG into it 's amp , crank up the volume , and rock the **** out !
 This game is so fun ! Great tunes and challenging as the levels change .
 I ordered Guitar Hero after reading the amazon reviews of it being one of the best games out there . This was very true and I had a great time rocking out . The only problem is that your fingers get really tired after a while . This is why it 's so much better to switch off with a buddy every other song . M girlfriend just gave a stare and a head shake when i asked her but my buddy Ryan was up to the task . A couple of beers and a little Guitar Hero makes for a fun night .
 My fingers are still sore after days of playing this game . I ROCKS ! Can not wait for Guitar Hero II .
 Got this game for my 13 yr old 's birthday . We saw the review on G4 . It is every bit as great as they say !
 You may have seen it in arcades , an undersized plastic `` guitar '' with 5 colorful buttons on its bridge , but balked at the $ 2.00 it costs to play the thing . Well for only $ 70.00 you can now get the game for your PS2 and play it over and over and over again.And that 's exactly what 'll happen if you buy it.One stipulation : You better at least like rock music . And by Rock , I do n't mean Sheryl Crowe , I mean Head-thrashing , Fingers-shredding , Bite-the-head-off-bats rock . Oh sure , there 's the occasional genre buster , they 've got a modest Queen piece , and Texas Flood , a slinging blues piece . But the meat of the playlist comes from bands with guitarists who have one-word nicknames . From punk to classic to metal to some of the bands on the radio today , the common denominator is that the songs rock.Still , it 's ridiculously addicting , like a Dance Dance Revolution for the hair-band crowd , and while there are a limited number of songs -LRB- around 30 once everything 's unlocked -RRB- , it 's a testament to the quality of the game that even if there were 50 songs , you 'd probably still want more . The difficulty is high enough that finishing the game on Expert level would leave you with enough skills to pick up an actual guitar and play some extremely easy tab . That 's not to say it 's a music-teaching tool , it 's not by any stretch of the imagination , but it certainly would n't hurt your eye-hand coordination or your rhythmic sensibility.The hardware itself is a miniature SG-style sturdy piece of plastic . There 's even a whammy bar which , while it 's not integrated into gameplay , is available for all your pitch bending needs.Given the right environment , it 's the kind of game that you could lose sleep over the first few nights you got it . It 's good for either a party-environment , or rocking out yourself in career mode . Two thumbs , two index fingers and two pinkies up !
 everyone loves this - bought for our 12 yr old - who got very good very quickly vut enjoyed by everyone - including me -LRB- no age disclosure -RRB- who git not very good quite slowly . Highly recommended - no blood , gore or killing involved !!!
 This is one of the best games I 've ever played . The premise is pretty simple
 I opened this for Christmas and i could n't wait to play it . It 's loads of fun and is very challenging for hours . If you already play guitar , like me , it 's a lot easier to get through it . I breezed my way through easy , medium , and hard -LRB- except for Texas Flood by Stevie Ray Vaughn -RRB- . I 'm on expert now which is EXTREMELY difficult . I watched my brother play who has no experience on guitar , and it took him about 10 tries just to get 3 star performance from I Love Rock and Roll . So , if you already know how to lay th game will go a LOT quicker . But its still loads-o-fun ! there 's unlockable guitars , characters -LRB- including the GRIM RIPPER -RRB- , songs , and `` making of '' videos . A fun game overall .
 Harmonix has brought together the best of what they do into a remarkably fun package . The visuals of Karaoke Revolution , the gameplay of FreQuency & Amplitude , and the knack for wacky hardware . This game is impossible to put down . Highly recommended !
 `` Santa '' was only able to find this game here !!!! `` He '' got both Guitar Hero 1 for our 14 yr old daughter and Guitar Hero II -LRB- from a local store -RRB- for our 18 yr old daughter . These items were hot on their top 5 `` Want '' list for Christmas . So much fun and enjoyment . The Daddy has even learned to play and gives the girls a challenge from time to time . Ha !!
 I bought the Guitar Hero 1 Bundle and Guitar Hero 2 Bundle for my grandson -LRB- 7 -RRB- and granddaughter -LRB- 5 -RRB- to share , they love it !!! The entire household is having fun with this game . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 I bought this game for my 9 yr old . He loves it . He acts like a rock star while playing it . Exactly what I ordered and in pristine condition .
 I got this game for my son for Christmas -LRB- he had to have it -RRB- . We love it . Yes I said we . He is really good at it and we have a lot of fun with it .
 My son , husband , brother , nephew , and I have had the most fun out of this game . It is GREAT !!!
 I bought this for my 12 year old son , and my husband and I fight over who is going to play it !! We are almost addicted to it , it is so much fun !
 One of my four teenagers asked for the Guitar Hero and the other three teased her about it . Now they argue over who 's better and who 's turn it is . My older son has even gone out to purchase Guitar Hero II so they can compete . I , however , can not get the hang of it ... oh well . The kids even enjoyed my attempts at it .
 My sons are having a great time with this guitar . One of my sons plays guitar , but he was beat by a frined who had never played guitar before so it is for everybody ! They enjoy unlocking new songs and trying to beat each level . They also have used it at parties and had a grand time . It is challenging and my son who I bought it for is 22 ! Other younger sons have enjoyed it too , but this is truly a game for many ages .
 I purchased this game , which comes complete with the guitar as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter , and it was a hit as soon as the easy set-up was done . A great hands-on and non-violent game is a big plus and the adults in the family were just as interested in playing with it as the children . I highly recommend this game package for it 's entertainment purposes , ease in use , and the main attraction - the guitar !
 buying the Guitar Hero for my childs Christmas was the best purchase I have made in a long time , this is a great game , for exercise , hand and eye contact and was hard to find and unavailable in local stores , so I turned to Amazon.com like always and found a better price and a hard to find item . I love Amazon.com and do most of my Christmas and birthday shopping on it .
 I 've been a huge fan of music games for a while , and of music in general . Rock is one of my favorite genres , and I 've noticed how lacking it seems to be in most music games . Naturally , when I first heard of Guitar Hero , I was ecstatic . I knew I had to have it.And I must say , I was not at all disappointed . The game comes with a guitar-shaped controller , which is very well-designed and easy to use . Instead of strings , it has a strum bar , which operates like a switch that can be strummed up or down . You play notes by holding down one or more of the five fret buttons on the neck of the guitar and strumming on the strum bar . It also has a whammy bar , which can be used to get bonus points on extended notes . You can even perform hammer-ons and pull-offs , just like on a real guitar.All in all , it emulates the feeling of playing guitar very well -- you actually feel like you 're playing the notes and rocking out . It has a great song selection , covering a variety of genres and eras of music . The difficulty levels , if followed in order from Easy to Expert , do very well at introducing beginners to the game . You start out on Easy , which just uses the first three buttons -- easy enough . The next level introduces the fourth button , which you 'll have to use your pinky finger for . And the next level finally introduces all five buttons , at which point you 'll have to start moving your hand on the guitar neck to hit all the notes.If you like rock , music games , or both -- or even just video games in general -- I highly recommend this one . It 's massive amounts of fun , and definitely beats playing air guitar .
 o , i dont own it , but me and the girffriend have been hogging the demo at best buy a few times . the whole premise is cool . and the songs are great . its about time a video game feature music with some BALLS instead of the usual boring generic electronic beats or hip hop lameness . Quite the trip seeing my girlfriend completely kicking ass note for note on Judas Priests `` Another thing comin '' . the Pantera tune is the quickest and the trickiest to play but as with any game , practice makes perfect .
 I did n't know quite what to think of this game when it first came out . Then i started reading the reviews and started to get excited . It seemed everyone loved this game so i had to get it . WEll i love it to . One of the most innotive game in years . It is similiar to dance dance revolution except you use a guitar and the songs are much better . Oh yeah and the guitar controller is just to cool . I would recomend getting two because playing with friend is sweet but they are 40 $ . Anyway this game is simply a must buy for the ps2 . Seventy bucks is n't to steep a price considering what your getting . I 'm more into the nu-metal but i do n't mind the 80 's stuff at all . I loved playing just about every song in the game.Even the stuff that was n't really heavy metal . It is a really hard game and will take time to master . It 's smart to start on easy and work your way up and you start getting better and better . Once you get the hang of it ... well it is hard to stop playing . Another thing about Guitar Hero is that you really get a workout with you hands and that 's also a minus because your hands will hurt like hell after playing the game for a couple hours.But that did n't stop me from playing deep into the night over and over . Some minor comlaints I have about the game is that the character models are lame , the career mode could be a little more fleshed out and most of all i wish there were more songs ! just like everyone else . I hope and pray for sequels to this game .
 Guitar Hero is an addictive rythm game that anyone can jump in and enjoy . The lower difficulty levels allow for an easily accessible game for a completely unexperienced player , and the higher difficulty levels allow for the experienced and skilled players to enjoy the game and show off their skills . The progression in difficulty as you move on to different songs and different difficulty levels is handled well so that a new player can become proficient in a few days.The song selection is diverse , featuring forty seven rock songs . Thirty of the songs are classic rock songs and songs with catchy riffs from older bands like Black Sabbath , Deep Purple , Megadeath , and Pantera , and new bands such as Incubus , Queens of the Stone Age , The Donnas , and Bad Religion . The other seventeen songs are bonus songs from various independent bands . Although these songs are not famous like the others , they are still good and are welcome additions to the game.The presentation of the game is superb . The cartoony characters are detailed and animate well , and range from a metal head , a punker , a goth , among others . The venues are done equally well , with creative designs , good lighting , and many details are taken into account . The better you do , the more your audience will rock out , and each venue has some minor details that are affected by your performance . The camera work is also done well , since it the way changes views and follows the guitarist makes it feel like you are watching real concert . In multiplayer , the camera switches between the two players as they switch between playing solos , which is a neat effect . Unfortunately , you will be too busy to pay attention to the graphics since you will be focused on playing the game , but it is good to know that they did not slack off with the graphics.The multiplayer mode allows a friend to play against you with either the basic Playstation 2 controller or another guitar controller , although it is obviously more fun to use the guitar controller . The players go head to head against in each other in order to see who can recieve the higher score . If you have friends who like this game , it is highly recommended that you get another guitar controller , since it is quite an experience having two players rock out in this game.Guitar Hero is fun whether you play it by yourself or with others since it offers a fun and memorable experience that everyone can enjoy .
 Guitar Hero is an addictive rythm game that anyone can jump in and enjoy . The lower difficulty levels allow for an easily accessible game for a completely unexperienced player , and the higher difficulty levels allow for the experienced and skilled players to enjoy the game and show off their skills . The progression in difficulty as you move on to different songs and different difficulty levels is handled well so that a new player can become proficient in a few days.The song selection is diverse , featuring forty seven rock songs . Thirty of the songs are classic rock songs and songs with catchy riffs from older bands like Black Sabbath , Deep Purple , Megadeath , and Pantera , and new bands such as Incubus , Queens of the Stone Age , The Donnas , and Bad Religion . The other seventeen songs are bonus songs from various independent bands . Although these songs are not famous like the others , they are still good and are welcome additions to the game.The presentation of the game is superb . The cartoony characters are detailed and animate well , and range from a metal head , a punker , a goth , among others . The venues are done equally well , with creative designs , good lighting , and many details are taken into account . The better you do , the more your audience will rock out , and each venue has some minor details that are affected by your performance . The camera work is also done well , since it the way changes views and follows the guitarist makes it feel like you are watching real concert . In multiplayer , the camera switches between the two players as they switch between playing solos , which is a neat effect . Unfortunately , you will be too busy to pay attention to the graphics since you will be focused on playing the game , but it is good to know that they did not slack off with the graphics.The multiplayer mode allows a friend to play against you with either the basic Playstation 2 controller or another guitar controller , although it is obviously more fun to use the guitar controller . The players go head to head against in each other in order to see who can recieve the higher score . If you have friends who like this game , it is highly recommended that you get another guitar controller , since it is quite an experience having two players rock out in this game.Guitar Hero is fun whether you play it by yourself or with others since it offers a fun and memorable experience that everyone can enjoy .
 We got this game for my daughter -LRB- 11 yrs -RRB- for Christmas , but I knew the whole family would get a kick out of it when we saw it at the local Fry 's Electronics . And it certainly lived up to my expectations . The thing is fabulously addicting ! I 've played it through on Easy , which is definately easy enough for pretty much anybody to have fun playing . I now am playing at Medium difficulty and this increases the speed and number of notes , plus includes the 4th key -LRB- Easy just uses the first 3 keys -RRB- . And , you see lots more chords under Medium . I am sure Hard and Expert settings will add the last key and raise the ante even higher on note combinations you have to play.I 'm not a PS2 gamer normally , but this title has me hooked.The negatives I can think to list are : - Fretboard and keys feel just a tad fragile . Not too fragile for normal play I think , but if you are pressing really hard , you can feel the plastic creak . - Song list could be longer . It is decent enough the first time through and you can `` buy '' more songs by playing well under Medium or higher settings -LRB- and I have not bought all that are available this way yet -RRB- , but the standard set of songs you get is about 30 . Otherwise , I think the game is just great and recommend it highly .
 The game is very addictive , over 30 songs , and it is like real life.When you play good the fans will chear , but if you miss to many notes then the fans will throw you stuff and say boo.But one feels great , because you are making good music and stuff.One feels like if you were the animated character.The buttons are easy to use.But if you have short arms then this is gon na be a kind of a problem.Cause there are 5 buttons , a whammy board and a Strum bar and you got ta use them all , cause if no , then you cant make good music and you 'll loose.Graphics :8 Gameplay :10 Music :10 Overall :9
 I have played the Japanese game Guitar Freaks , but I think Guitar Hero is much better . This game is definietly fun !!! You can quickly learn easy mode , but other modes will be a challenge . The guitar is very nice too . The only thing that bugged me was the notes you have to play scroll on the screen pretty fast and give little time for you to think and the background behind the notes sometimes made them hard to see . More practice with the game most likely overcomes this minor problem . I recommend this game !
 1 . The game with the guitar should only cost $ 70.00 not 170.00 as it is while I am writing this . Best Buy has it in stock already.If you like music games , playing air guitar , like to rock out , or ever wanted to be in a rock band or play guitar then GET THIS absolutely.The guitar is of high quality and responsive . The game itself has great graphics , and the soundtrack is rock , rock , rock.i do n't know what else to say , this is a high quality product ! do n't let the price fool you . all new games cost $ 50.00 so you 're pretty much paying $ 20.00 for the guitar controller.Note
 We have definitely seen and go the stability of music games for all the video game systems . With the success of games like Dance Dance Revolution for the arcades , and highly successful for the home consoles as well , there is just a need to get up and dance . However , there really has n't been all that much of a need for those gamers who do n't wa n't to dance but enjoy music . Nintendo showed that with Donkey Konga & its sequel Donkey Konga 2 , but not as much for PS2 owners to tackle into their minds . Well , their luck has arrived with a true feeling , you can definitely get amp 'd up in no time to rock on.Guitar Hero for the Playstation 2 , is one of the most unique music video games I 've ever seen . The gameplay of course is showcased from a wild guitar that is used as a controller , instead of any dance pad . Like Dance Dance Revolution , the gameplay is very simple , you have to follow the scrolling on the screen and play your guitar chords to the best to score . There is a arrangemt of great songs here like Joan Jett & The Blackhearts I Love Rock N ' Roll , and some other great guitar classics here showcased for each set of difficulty . The graphics are just driven for all gamers who ca n't dance , and for those who are driven pros . There is one disadvantage to the game , and that is the price . The game is the most expensive one out there right now for Playstation 2 owners , that some are just hoping it drops so they can also afford to rock out loud.All in all , what I saw in Guitar Hero I really was amazed . This is really a good game for PS2 owners , and I definitely suggest this as a add-on to your video game collection . If you have a need to rock out loud , rock it to this great game.Graphics
 game was delivered on time with all necessary parts . I was a little concerned since it was a `` used '' item but everything has worked flawlessly . It is a very addicting game and my kids are throughly enjoying it . Highly recommended !
 Bought my son Guitar Hero 1 and 2 , both bundled with the Guitar . He likes Hero 1 better . Something about the music being better . Great fun game . knowbody getting killed , no blood everywhere . Just a lot of fun for all .
 I brought this for my 8 year old . I get to enjoy some classic tunes -LRB- Iron Man , Smoke on the Water , etc. -RRB- while my son gets to play a game that really awakens the artistic spirit . Rock on .
 my son plays this guitar hero so much I have to ban him from our tv just so I can watch tv . He loves it and I 'm sure I 'll be getting the second game soon . Thank you for you prompt service and great game.SincerelyApril Craig
 This is a great game !! The whole family got involved in playing it !!!
 I got this game for my 8 year old daughter , and Guitar Hero 2 for my 20 year old son . They love it !! They can dual each other on either game . I like this one because it has more traditional rock songs . 2 has more heavy metal . It 's a really fun game , and I have played it too !! Anyone any age will have fun !
 My whole family -LRB- except me -RRB- has enjoyed this game tremendously ! I bought for my 12 yr old son , but everyone likes it ! Someone told me that Guitar II was much better and I should get it instead , but no one in my family has complained a bit !!!
 This is a great game . My son and I played it in the store a month or so before Christmas and I was so happy that he put it on his wish list so that I would be able to play too ! So he got it for Christmas and it was a hit with everyone . I think some of the songs are pretty difficult , but then I have n't played it very much . With 3 levels , there 's a lot of room to improve your skills , and still be challenged . And then , there 's Guitar Hero II ! Definitely recommend !
 I bought the extra controller for this so my grand kids and their parents could compete ... great fun awesome game
 This was purchased for my daughter who has really enjoyed it . I am her forty year old mother who has a Guitar Hero `` career '' as the DIVA CHICKS . I 'm earning money to purchase songs , guitars and outfits !! Our entire family has loved the game . So much that we purchased a wireless guitar and GH 2 . It is nothing like playing the real guitar but there is something SO fun about it . I highly recommend the purchase but regret that I initially did not get GH 1 , 2 and two guitars to start with .
 This is by far the sweetest game ever . It is simply amazing how much fun can be had with this game . The fact that you have a guitar to play along with your favorite rock songs is unreal.The controller is awsome , and i love the strum bar how it acts just like strings on a real guitar.The whammy bar adds a whole other level of fun as well .
 We got this game for my 17 year old daughter for xmas that really does n't play video games . She loves it as well as all of her friends , both guys and girls . Amazon had the best price with free shipping .
 We bought this game for our 7 year old , who happens to like classic rock . After watching him -LRB- and his older sister & brother -RRB- jump right in , I thought I 'd give it whirl myself ... let me tell you this game is totally addictive . If you 're an air-guitar , rockstar wannabee than this is your game !
 WE GOT THIS GAME FOR OUR KIDS FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY LOVE IT ... IT IS SO MUCH FUN EVEN MOM AND DAD HAVE FUN WITH IT . OUR KIDS ARE 18 , 15 , 9 AND 7 AND THEY ALL CAN DO IT AND HAVE FUN . .
 Now , I 've never played a guitar ... with the exception of noodling on an old one my Dad had . But , one round of Guitar Hero with some friends and I was hooked . I went out and bought it for myself . So what is it ? It 's like Dance Dance Revolution or Karaoke Revolution , but with a guitar.You see , your controller , is a large guitar . You can outfit it with stickers -LRB- skulls and flames FTW ! -RRB- that come with the game . The guitar itself has five different colored fret buttons on the neck , and a flipper bar on the body and under that is a whammy bar for the special moments . The game comes with two types of play . Career mode
 This is just one great game . The guitar controller is not too big or small . The game has great classic rock songs ; Iron Man , Higher Ground , You got another thing coming , etc. . My favorite songs to play are Higher Ground and More than a feeling . If you know even some of the songs they have this is definitely for you . My friend introduced me to this and I was hooked instantly . For some reason if I sing along with the song I can get more notes . Like I said , the game is one of a kind , but your fingers will pay for it dearly.Only thing they could improve on was the songs . While they had great classics it would have been nice to see some modern songs . Are you gon na go my way would be a great song for the game . `` Bent '' would be great as well . One song they absoultely must have is `` Walk This Way '' . There are plenty more songs they could have put , but I guess you can only put so much on a disc . You have to fork out 70 bucks for it but its worth every penny . Take everyone 's review for it . THIS GAME IS AWESOME AND WORTH BUYING
 My 16-year old daughter thinks this game is the best game she has ever played . She plays it constantly , both by herself and with friends .
 I love this game . At first I thought it was played like Amplitude another of my favorite games -LRB- which I never understood why there was never a second game made for -RRB- it is so fun to sit and jam on the guitar . The songs are all great and you really get into them when you hear them . I play guitar and I was in an accicdent in 03 and in a comma for a couple weeks . After like a year of recovery I wanted to play guitar again but I sucked . I had forgotten all I knew then I got this game and I actually got better at playing . So if you play guitar this is a great game to play when you do n't feel like playing guitar . It 's like a warm up . I can not wait for part 2 !
 It was about a week or two ago that a friend of mine introduced my girlfriend and I to the world of `` Guitar Hero . '' I had read reviews , but I passed them by with the account that if the opportunity came to be then I 'd try it out . Other than that , I rarely buy video games.Upon first playing `` Guitar Hero '' , I quickly became hooked on what I call the best thing to happen to video games since the Survival Horror genre.You can play your favorite songs , watch as you grow , expand your musicianship , and move from small time basement gigs to big rock arenas . As a musician , I found the game truly astonishing and as real as digital imaging could make of the life as a fledging rocker.From the simple songs of Joan Jett and The Ramones , one may work themselves up over Black Sabbath , Blue Oyster Cult , and even Hendrix or Clapton . The parallels between this and the first time experience of playing an actual guitar are quite similar.Despite the graphics that could improve -LRB- which does n't matter much considering you 're concentrating on the tablature board -RRB- , this game is flawless with a great design and a playback value that could rival the original Super Mario Bros.What 's so great is that my friends and I found ourselves actually moving furniture to allow for more rocking and manuevering around the living room or our `` temporary concert stage . '' Just try Hendrix ' `` Spanish Castle Magic '' and if you 're not on the ground with the guitar or lighting it on fire , then you must be a puritan or something.This game is too exhilerating.I really think this is great idea for the music community and youngsters wanting to have their own band . It may influence those and actually help out with finger playing , as ridiculous as that sounds . Even the game boasts an area where independent artists around the nation were handpicked for their songs to be chosen as those to cover.It 's a great thing . I just hope for the next one they 'll have a bass guitar , or a rhythm , and possibly employ those Donkey Kong typ drums and allow four players to `` really '' start a band.That would be a treat to everyone.If you have n't already bought the game , do it now ! It 's worth it and the more guitars just betters the whole experience .
 Remember back in the days of Nintendo , Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis ? You could simply pop in a game and beat it , or at least play through it within an hour . Now days though , all of the most popular games are the insanely long RPG and story-based games . I admit that I like some of those games , because they are in fact really cool ... but as a full-time college student with a job , I do n't have time for that anymore . Those games take anywhere from 10-40 hours to beat . I need more games that I can just sit down for 30 minutes or so and have fun with without getting too deeply involved in anything . `` Guitar Hero '' is perfect for that!How it works is , the bundle comes with this big guitar-shaped controller . I admit it looks rather lame -LRB- like a kids toy -RRB- but its only a controller so who cares ? It 's not like you 're going on tour with it . The controller features a wide button at the base where you would strum a real guitar , and it contains 5 buttons on the fret-board for your fingering . Then you play along with rock music according to the buttons on the screen . It 's sort of like `` Dance Dance Revolution '' but for guitar.I admit that when my friend first showed me the game 6 months ago , I thought it looked stupid and that it was for children . But since I play guitar , and I love rock music , I sat down and gave it a try . Within 10 minutes I was addicted ! Each level has 5 different songs you can choose from , and once you beat all those songs , you move on to the next 5 songs , and the difficulty increases each time . The game contains somewhere around 30 or more songs from the popular rock artists of today and yesterday ... and after you beat all of those songs , you get a rather lengthy bundle of original music to play with.The songs you hear on the game are not the originals , they are cover versions , but they are done so well that the average listener wo n't be able to tell . I have quite an ear for music , and I notice subtle differences , but when I heard the songs by White Zombie and Pantera , I could n't even tell they were covers . It was only the songs by Incubus and Audioslave that gave it away because the voices sounded slightly different . Whether you 're 10 years old or 30 years old , this game should keep you entertained . It 's a great party game , try it out!YOU CAN PLAY ALONG WITH SONGS LIKE ... `` Thunder Kiss 65 '' by White Zombie `` I Wan na Be Sedated '' by Ramones `` I Love Rock N Roll '' by Joan Jett & The Black Hearts `` Stellar '' by Incubus `` Cochise '' by Audioslave `` Fat Lip '' by Sum 41 `` Take It Off '' by The Donnas `` Smoke On The Water '' by Deep Purple `` Crossroads '' by Eric Clapton `` Higher Ground '' by Red Hot Chili Peppers `` No One Knows '' by Queens Of The Stone Age `` Take Me Out '' by Franz Ferdinand `` Iron Man '' by Black Sabbath `` Bark At The Moon '' by Ozzy Osbourne `` Cowboys From Hell '' by Pantera `` Ziggy Stardust '' by David Bowie `` Sharp Dressed Man '' by ZZ Top `` Symphony Of Destruction '' by Megadeth `` Fire It Up '' by Black Label Society `` Spanish Castle Magic '' by Jimi Hendrix `` Killer Queen '' by Queen `` More Than A Feeling '' by Boston `` Frankenstein '' by Edgar Winter Group `` You Got Another Thing Coming '' by Judas Priest `` Unsung '' by Helmet `` Hey You '' by The Exiesand more ...
 This is the greatest game ever.It has some top rock songs like Infected , Iron man , Smoke on the water , + you earn money to buy characters like the grim reaper . You can play career mode and rock your world .
 This game can keep you busy for hours . It 's especially fun when you have a friend who also has a guitar . You can play the multiplayer game . Lots of fun .
 Now we need games like this . Taking a risk and make playing a game more interactive than ever . Feeling like a real rockstar , it does get you that feeling . Theres a lot of songs , although you have to unlock them . This game may seem like a ddr-knockoff with muscial instruments but trust me , its really good . I recommend this game to even the non-gamers out there , you will have a blast with Guitar Hero .
 I first played this at a bud 's house . Went for a picnic and he was like , `` bro , you got ta check this out ... '' . I admit to laughing at him as he strapped on this downsized plastic guitar , and laughing harder as he began to rock out to Metallica . HOWEVER , as soon as I put it on and gave it a try , I WAS HOOKED !!!!!!!!! This thing is flat out crazy fun . You 'll find yourself playing `` just one more song ... '' time and time again . It is addicting to say the least . On easy level , you can play through a song easily , then you can move up all the way through expert , which is insane , I 've only been able to complete like 6 % before the crowd boos me off the stage . Bottom line , if you 've ever rocked out air guitar style , this is the game for you , the only thing missing is groupies !!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 I purchased this game as soon as I played it at a friends dorm 3 hours earlier . Its that fun . This game is probably one of the most creative party games ever invented.This game follows in the line of DDR , Karoke Revolution , and Taiko Drummaster . This time the rythm genre introduces the guitar . Like other rythm games you react to the notes and beats in the songs . Instead of stomping on the ground , you are moving your fingers and strumming.The game is full of great rock and metal songs for fans of that genre with a collection of others thrown in from famous artists . The songs range from `` I love Rock & Roll ; '' to `` Iron Man '' to `` Killer Queen '' . Theres a little something for everyone . A nice little suprise is that the last set of songs you unlock has one that features a band that one a Guitar Hero contest , and had their song added to the game.This game should really not be played without the Guitar Hero SG controller . The SG controller features 5 buttons , a strum rocker and a whammy bar . The buttons are held just like they would be on a real guitar and the notes are actually played when the strum rocker is strummed up or down . Unlike DDR where the steps ascend towards the rythm line at the top of the screen , the notes in GH descend down a fret board towards the rythm line at the bottom of the screen where they are strummed/played . The whammy bar is not used as an actually game play device , but its one of the coolest features . The whammy bar works just like a real one does and can bend the sound of the notes . When hitting a long chord in the game you are able to use the whammy bar to make the notes bend and distort to create some awesome freestyle sounds.This game really shines when , after you 've had some time to practice in private and unlock songs , you duel it out with another one of your guitar god friends in the head to head mode . Head to Head switches shifts between one player being lead guitar and the other backup . You can generate alot of points if you nail the lead guitar solos when the pop up.This game is definetly one of the best party games since you need alot less space to play and setup and everyone whos not playing usually ends up singing their favorite songs . Freestyle contests will inevitabally where people will end up attempting to imitate the playing styles of their favorite guitarist . Behind the back and over the head look cool on any guitar.Leave your air guitar at home . Become a Guitar Hero !
 In a world of ultra violent video games , it is so refreshing to play a video game that requires you to constanly improve you skill at playing the game while having loads of fun .
 This game is loads of fun ! I played at my brother-and-law 's house and I want to get it myself ! I only play on beginner and its such a challenge ! I love it !! I can only imagine what it will be like on expert !!!
 This item is a lot of fun . I have three real guitars and have been playing for a few years , and when I first saw this item I thought it was a kid 's toy . But it can be very very difficult . I too wish there were more or a better selection of songs , but like I said , this is a lot of fun for everybody . My 4th and 5th graders that I teach had a blast with it as well as the 30 yr olds that have played it . Get this !
 Guitar Hero , there is so much I can say about this game . Made by Harmonix , the great minds behind the masterpieces Frequency and Aplitude for the Playstation 2 , Guitar Hero is a rhythm based game in which the player uses a guitar controller to play the music . The guitar , modeled after a Gibson SG , has a strum bar , five fret buttons , a whammy bar and start/select buttons . RedOctane made the guitar to exceptional standards , about half the size of a real guitar , it feels very nice and sturdy , comes in either red or black , and includes a strap . There are five colored fret buttons which coincide with the notes that come at you in the game . The notes travel toward you as you play and you must press the corresponding note and strum the bar in time with the music . The whammy bar can be used to `` bend '' or change the tone of sustained notes . Alternatively , the traditional PS2 controller can be used , albeit less fun . There are four difficulty modes ; easy , medium , hard , and expert . Within each difficulty the songs are divided into groups of five and you must beat four or five songs -LRB- depending on difficulty -RRB- in a group before moving on to the next . Each group gets slightly harder while staying in the general difficulty . After you beat a song you are awarded a rating from three to five stars . On medium difficulty and higher you are given cash that can be spent at the unlock shop for new characters , guitars , songs , and bonus material like behind the scenes.As the name suggests , the whole point the game is to become a guitar hero . Becoming a guitar hero starts with creating a band , which you can name anything you want , choosing a character and guitar , and playing live shows in a crappy basement . As you beat songs , you move up to bigger and better venues . The higher difficulties are the most fun to play , but -LRB- obviously -RRB- more challenging . Most songs require you to play chords , two notes at once , and perform hammer ons and pull offs . Hammer ons and pull offs are techniques used by real guitar players to play fast songs and that is exactly what they are used for here . A hammer on is done when there are notes very close together moving up in the note range , to do this you press the first fret and strum then press the next notes without strumming . Pull offs are the opposite , when notes are moving down in the note range you press all three buttons and strum , then release the buttons in time with the music without strumming again . Note sequences that allow the special techniques are identified by the notes lacking a black circle around the top while regular ones have a black circle . Some notes are star shaped rather than circular . When the star shaped notes are played -LRB- or the whammy bar is used during the sustains -RRB- you gain Star Power , which is used to get the crowd excited and can also save you if you are in the red in terms of performance . Star power can be activated when the star power gauge is anywhere over half full and is done by either pressing select or tipping the guitar vertically . The `` Rock Meter '' is a gauge on the screen that shows how well you are doing , your performance is rated green for good , yellow for ok , and red for bad . The crowd will react either positively -LRB- cheering -RRB- or negatively -LRB- booing -RRB- when you move between colors.The game is extremely fun to play , with a variety of music spread across 47 songs , anybody can enjoy playing . I even let my mother-in-law try it and she liked playing . Not only is the game fun , but it is addictive too . Much like Frequency and Amplitude , it is hard to put down . There have been many times where I said `` Just one more song '' and continued to play many more . Graphically there is nothing new , but the graphics are n't important in a game like this . The characters and the stage look good , but the crowd is vaguely detailed and consists of only a few different models . When the camera shows the audience , you see a bunch of identical people doing the exact same thing . Sound is great , as it should be in a music based game . One of the only downsides may be the lack of a practice mode ; there is no way to practice the song without the performance meter . Practice would be good for the songs in the upper levels of extreme mode.Over all , this game is a blast and I am sure can be enjoyed by many . If you enjoy games like Frequency , Amplitude , DDR or any other music based rhythm game , Guitar Hero is the game for you .
 This is a crazy fun addition to the DDR/Nintendo bongos genre.Using a very nice looking mini guitar replica controller you watch an onscreen fretboard that will have ` buttons ' in five different colors -LRB- and placements - similar to a DDR screen , really -RRB- passing down a line . Your job is to follow the music beat and hit the corrosponding button on your guitar controller 's frets at the right time and -LRB- here 's where it can get hard -RRB- also ` strum ' a little lever that simulates guitar strings . That adds a lot of difficulty at first , because you need to remember that pushing the button is n't enough , you need to strum the guitar on time as well . Actually , buttons can be held down EARLY -LRB- which leads to difficult combos later in the game where you can actually let go of buttons midnote and switch to another mid-strum -RRB- as long as you strum correctly.Also , remember , there are FIVE buttons -LRB- and four fingers -RRB- so you will have to reach over to that last button , and that 's where it REALLY gets hard ... The game has settings of easy , medium , hard and expert . I am still practicing away on easy , and my boyfriend is up to hard . He 's been playing almost non-stop since we bought it , too . This game is crazy hard , but really fun.Lots of unlockables ranging from new characters to guitars to songs -LRB- songs fortunately unlocked during easy and medium , and not hard and expert . -RRB- Ah yes ! Characters . The ` background ' to this moving fretboard of notes is an amazingly detailed concert setting . You pick a guitar player that represents ` you ' and you will see an entire concert being played in the background . Really amazing amount of detail for a game where you focus on just the little moving buttons . But it looks very nice.Song selection is excellent , blending oldschool rockers with more modern songs . NOT the original artists , but most have come so close , that it is not at all an issue . Very very nicely done.Also a good tutorial mode to teach you some of the less obvious tricks of hitting harder notes.Shoulder strap included , too!This game is a great amount of addictive fun , and I recommend it highly . Song list is not short at all , but I can see it seeming limited as we continue to play . Fortunately , the game is so hard on the last few settings and you earn `` money '' based on how well you play that is your key to the unlockables , that I do n't think being bored of the songs would ever be an issue . Plus , the songs ARE really good , and a lot of fun to play.Yes , finger pain IS an issue . Much like playing guitar for real , I believe it will get better with time . It is n't bothering my boyfriend anymore , but I still can only play for a short time . The fingers start to cramp , and because of how you have to hold a guitar , I find it gets very hard to hit the note buttons after a while of playing , and I finally have to take a rest before playing more . Some finger strengthening might be in order ... but I think if anyone finds the pain lingers on , or is very bothersome , they might want to see if they can adjust their grip , or stop playing for a while . This game is addictive and you just want to keep playing until you 're perfect -LRB- which just may be impossible ... -RRB- but I would n't recommend pushing yourself too hard at first . Take a rest break ! Of course , you should do that with ANY video game .
 want something you can play for hours & not tier of this is it , easy to play , 4 game types with multiple difficulty levels ... easy to see tiles !!! would recamend for all ages ... a deffinent game for thinkers ...
 for those of you who have been told that there is no way your psp can be repaired ... do not believe them -LRB- we had problems with the games freezing and / or not loading -RRB- , they just want your money for another psp ... i blew compressed air into the loading door for the games then took as much of it apart as i could without making a mess , and my son 's psp started working again . it was then i decided to do some more research in regards to a new lens ... i was going to try to conquer this for my son , when i stumbled across this very inexpensive product , which acts exactly like your basic dvd/cd rom cleaner . after a while you 'll need to replace the battery , which i believe is a watch size battery . we got this over christmas and popped it in immediately . finished off the job my compressed air could not do . figured i would go with the least expensive fix first ... then if that did n't work ... i would order the new lens which you can get for about 40-50 dollars ... still less expensive than a brand new psp ... this cleaner is a must have , since the minute you open the loading door , dust and debris settle , as well as on the games themselves ... do n't get caught without it
 Got this along with the UMD cleaner , I have multiple PSP 's along with a launch model 1000 that had never been clean . None of them were really having problems but on the older two -LRB- 1000/2000 -RRB- I did notice a slight increase in load times and they did n't seem like they were having to spin the disc as much when streaming so that 's probably good for the battery . I ca n't really add much to that other than for less than a dollar and if you 're an avid PSP user you 'd be stupid not to get this tool .
 Have a PSP 1000 series and the joystick started to stray in games . It was really annoying , I bought this and it cleared it right up , runs like new . Apparently a dirty lens can have that effect . Anyways great product and recommend it to anyone with a PSP .
 Well , I just mean you simply put it in the PSP , and close the PSP door for a few seconds and then remove . I do n't know if it really cleans the laser as I have n't had any problems before using the cleaner , and I still do n't have any problems after using it . So , it at least it makes you feel like your doing proper maintenance anyway !
 Great product works as described . I would highy recommend this product to any one who is looking for a product of this kind . I give it 5 stars .
 I was very happy to no that the PSP had a Optical Lens Cleaner , because I was worried about putting different new or used games in the PSP . Now do n't have to worry any more just injoy playing games . Do the best thing you can for the PSP in purches PSP Optical Lens Cleaner it very nice in clean very fast . You will be happy too one good thing I done for -LRB- 2008 -RRB- Thank You !
 ... It may come as a surprise , even to the first reviewer , that this game , a step or two below Diablo II , is n't about a hero-soldier who comes fromAmerica!The humor of the game in fact comes from England!That 's why it 's written the way it is , and that any of the three hero-types allspeak in English accents ! They are Western tough-guys ready to smash theGermans but ... they 're English . . western . . tough guys . From England . It 's a Britishgame for Mac .
 I thought that this was a great and original game . It is an RPG set in Germany during WWII -LRB- I told you it was original -RRB- and you are an American traveling there because of a letter from your friend . It is one of the funniest games I have ever played . The plot is very deep and while the graphics may be a bit dated its not enough to override the plot and humor .
 Unreal 2003 is unlike many other games out there . The older Unreal Tournament in my opinion had amazing graphics , 2003 seems to have carried this tradition . It almost seems as if you were in an animated motion picture . For example I love how to grass moves in this game . Small things like this really make a game better . The requirements are steep though . On my dual G4/500 the game was almost unplayable -LRB- unless you turned off a bunch of settings -RRB- . It is much better to run this game with a high end video board . About all the machines ship with a good video card though , even the Radeon 9200 in the iBooks handled this game well .
 I have three different installations for Unreal Tournament . One for UT2003 Windows version , one for UT2003 Mac PPC , and one for UT2004 Mac Universal binary . My Mac is Intel based , so the game play for UT2003 was very lacking , as this is a PPC designed game . I can not vouch for it 's operation on a PPC . I can however say that the Windows Version of UT2003 is great and is hours filled with butt loads of fun , plus my UT2004 , which was designed for both PPC & Intel , operates flawlessly and the graphics far out weigh that of the Windows version , so if you have a PPC Mac , I would say buy this item and have fun .
 I thought this was the best FPS game I have seen in a while . The singleplayer is gr8 and the Multiplayer was INSANE !!!! I recommend this game to anyone who likes FPS '
 as long as you can get it to run adequately -LRB- which should n't be a problem -RRB- , this game is the best FPS on the market . singleplayer tournament can be incredibly challenging on the mid-high difficulties , and singleplayer botmatches never get old ... and then theres multiplayer , the replay value of which is infinite . definitely worth picking up if you enjoy this kind of game .
 The first day I got this game I installed it and started playing online . After a while I started feeling hungry and realized that it was 2:30 in the morning already ! The single player campaign is pretty bad , so I 'd only recommend this to people with internet connections to play online . It does take a decent machine to run it well , but I got it running extremely smoothly on my powerbook 12 '' 867 simply by turning world detail and model detail down . The game looks fantastic , even with reduced settings . This game also has an incrediable online community that is constantly churning out new maps and mods that transforms it into a completely different game . All in all , I love this game . In my opinion it is one of the best first person shooters avaliable right now . Highly reccomended
 I have played this game on the PC and I love it.I herd it was on sale at Amazon so I scooted over to by a copy for my iMac.I almost died when I saw $ 70.00 + price -LRB- sale i thought ? -RRB- So went the US Amazon site and there it is new low price of $ 19.99 , that 's around $ 30.00 Canadian , but only avalable in the US -LRB- Apple has it on line in the US same price -RRB- SO BEND OVER CANADA , the AMAZON is comming Through.JeffOshawa , Ontario
 this game is the best ive ever played in all my 15years of living .
 When i played the demo i had doubt of the game but i gave it a try and it is the best game ever ! The mulitplayer is in opinion the best part of the game . The Imac verion of this game is a lot better then the pc one . I suggest this game to anyone who likes shooter games .
 I think this case is cool ! I carry my Gameboy around everywhere inside it-as well as my cardriges and Gamelink . It is safe , and is disigned efficiently for light carrying and safe storage . I suggest this case to all Gameboy owners .
 I think this case is cool ! I carry my Gameboy around everywhere inside it-as well as my cardriges and Gamelink . It is safe , and is disigned efficiently for light carrying and safe storage . I suggest this case to all Gameboy owners .
 the glare guard is nice it screws inti the 2 holes in the back . After you put it on it seems a little akwark at first after you open it there are 2 little side sheilds the filp down and rest on the edge of the screen and does block alot of the light out . these side pieces are on metal hindges and the flod down every time you open the guard . it is a little flimesy but overall good quality
 First off its really cool how the springs on it open automatically when you unfold it . I have a PSP 3000 and once you screw it onto the top it fits nicely . I did notice the left and right side of the glare guard sit on the screen to I would definitely recommend a screen protecter before you get this to keep it from getting scratched up . The shield does prevent most of the glare when playing outside but I found I still could not play games that were not well lit in game , so dungeon crawler type games were out . It does exactly what it claims but some games were just not meant to be played outside . I never bothered testing it inside because it not needed for that .
 For simple design but works perfect for preventing the Sun from glaring on the small psp screen , which would make it impossible to see . It fit perfect and functioned well . I did run into a problem when I bought armor for my psp , it did not fit the way it was intended so I had to make some adjustments . But for a simple and inexpensive fix for sun glare , this was a great choice !!
 This shield works better than i had expected . Now i have the ability to play outside . At first it was weird because I had to tilt my psp a little bit but then i got use to it . I highly recomend this product especially since its very inexpensive .
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult gamer ... Great Carrying case has lots of compartments I use this for my DS Lite sometimes . I 'm going to use this carrying case for my Nintendo DSI when I get that April 5th , 2009 . Trust me this carrying case is plenty big enough to hold any handheld system even the PSP.I have the : Game Boy ColorOriginal Game Boy AdvanceGame Boy Advance SPNintendo DS Liteand going to get the blue nintendo DSI I already have it on reserve at GameStop.I 've tried all these game systems in this carrying case and they all fit fine . Plus with plently of room for games and accessories for the game system too.Buy it you 'll love it if you like pokemon and at a cheap price too.Happy Gaming !
 I love it , easy to carry the gameboy systems and the games plus extra 's in the other pockets . The strap is awesome too , helps keep it high up from lil one 's hands !
 I picked up this game with low expectations , after having seen some in-game pictures from awhile back and video footage . The environments looked quite dull and ornery , and the entire concept seemed a bit unappealing -LRB- Exactly how appealing can a game where you run around as a tiny robot watering flowers get ? -RRB- . Once I began to play and experiment however , my mind was changed.On the outside , the concept may appear simple - take control of Chibi Robo and help the environment by cleaning up a park ... it is n't until you get about 5 or 6 hours in that you see the level of depth presented in this excellent addition to the Chibi Robo series . The main premise involves watering flowers -LRB- which takes a matter of 5 seconds -RRB- , and once they grow , dancing by whipping out your beatbox and circling in time to the music with your stylus , which in turn helps the flowers produce more seeds . The better you dance , the more seeds will be produced . An in-game counter keeps track of how many flowers you 've planted , and within certain increments , you 'll occasionally be awarded with new gear to place and interact with in your park.There are tons of upgrades , vehicles , items , and a slew of unique characters who 'll assist you in construction in your park in return for some watts . Watts serve as the main currency and enery level in Park Patrol . You 'll earn watts by completing certain tasks , interacting with objects , and most importantly , growing flowers . As you labor through daily tasks , your energy -LRB- watts -RRB- will slowly be drained , and you 'll occasionally need to head back to your base to get a quick charge . Reach 0 watts , however , and you 're in trouble.This game is not without its downfalls , however . At times , the pace is very slow , especially during conversations you 've heard over 30 times . Ontop of that , most of these conversations and cut scenes are mandatory - you ca n't tap a button and skip it . The humor is appealing at first , but after reading the same joke over and over , it gets a bit dull . Another hindering problem Park Patrol suffers from is an occasionally awkward camera . At times , the camera seems to make its own decision on where it 's moving next . This is remedied by a small camera icon on the bottom screen you can touch to align the camera to Chibi Robo 's line of sight , but during a high speed chase as you try to destroy predators from corrupting your flowers , you do n't have much time to repeatedly press the camera button.Overall , Park Patrol is an astoundingly addictive and interesting game . I completed Park Patrol in just a bit under 18 hours , and there 's plenty of replay value , as you can continue renovating your park well after completion . I just could n't seem to put this game down , so a warning
 This game is just as good as the first one . You play the game as a little robot called Chibi-Robo who was built to help clean up parks around the world . your job is to plant flowers and make the park a pretty place so people will come to visit . This time there are a lot of great mini games that really use the touch pad on the DS well . There are characters that actually help you with your job . There are also bad guys who try and stop your progress . There are a lot of places to wander around , different side quests and side stories . This game is great for all ages . Just like the first game it has a great message ; cleaning up , planting flowers , and helping people out makes everyone happy , happy , happy.The game lets you upgrade and personalize your park . You get to upgrade yourself to a certain extent . It really lets you take control . The characters in this game are great and their side stories allow you to spend time away from the main goal of the game . There is even one character from the last game back to help you.If you loved the first one you will love this one.I could not put this game down . In fact , there were nights were the only reason I stopped was because my hand started cramping after about 4 hours of play . Even after you complete the story in the game there is endless game play . I have still not stopped playing it . It is an addictive game just like the original one.Chibi Robo
 I got this game because of the raves on Gamespot and Nintendo . It featuresChibi Robofrom the GameCube game of the same name . As its predecessor , the main character is Chibi-Robo who 's just 4 '' tall . This model was designed to save the planet from pollution by planting flowers and creating gardens . He is helped by friends he meets near the derelict park he is tasked to transform into a beautiful garden . They are as tiny and mighty as he is ; some of them need something from Chibi before they will help him , and some are just grateful Chibi revived them from the Zapow attack of Sgt. Smoggler -LRB- one of the evil villains in this world who also sends smoglings to destroy the flowers Chibi succeeds in growing -RRB- . The game itself is simple , and a little child who can read can play it . You will need a lot -- as in a LOT -- of patience and time to get through the whole game . The beginning stages are particularly frustrating because you can never do more than plant and grow one flower before you totally run out of battery and have to run back to your little Chibi-House to recharge . The day also seemed to end faster in the first few stages . I was in day 8 before I qualified to get a battery upgrade . Or maybe that 's just me trying to familiarize myself with the controls . The game uses the stylus almost exclusively . The downside is that it keeps waiting for you to `` touch '' the touch screen before the dialogue -LRB- or anything much else -RRB- proceeds further . It gets to be tedious when Chet keeps asking if you want to convert your happy points into watts and recharge . There should be a default feature/option where you can just set your response to an automatic `` yes '' whenever Chibi enters the Chibi-House or to `` only when prompted '' which is currently the case . If you do n't want to ruin pixels on your touch screen because you keep tapping it to make the dialogue go faster , you can alternatively use the `` B '' or `` down + '' buttons whenever the word `` touch '' appears on the touch screen . This works well for repetitive conversations that you 'd rather not read again . The only times you have to tap the screen is when there 's a big exclamation point on it , which usually means a decisive action is needed from Chibi-Robo . Other than these minor setbacks , the game is good . I rated the fun factor 3 stars because this is definitely not for kids who want fast-paced , nonstop action or quick results . It 's a game designed to be played at your leisure when you totally do n't have anything to do and do n't want to feel frantic , harried or stressed , nor overloaded with adrenaline from playing other fast-paced action games . Since the game gets off to a slow start , you wo n't see results immediately ; you need a couple of hours ' playing before you can actually feel you 're making progress . The slow start makes it easy for some to think it 's not worth playing at all . But as with growing real-time and real-world flowers , with patience and effort the game will eventually yield dividends of pleasure .
 This product was purchased for a birthday present for a grandson . He has been playing his grandmother 's version and now he will have his own for his handheld . I watch while they play and it seems very entertaining without blood , guts , and gore . The concept of a robot going around and accomplishing tasks in the house is very clever .
 Great game for fans of the movie but the game is pretty hard from the get go
 Hey 9er fans , This is a great addition into your collection . Controller feels really good in your hand , it does n't require you to adjust your grip for comfort it just feels right as soon as you pick up to play.Only adjustment is the -LRB- START and Back Buttons -RRB- they are under the A and B buttons insead of in the middle . the L/R triggers are crazy with one push = many and you must push both triggers to stop this thats the tweak mentioned in the title which is why I give it a 4 instead of 5 enjoy though this is a beautiful controller and should be high on your list !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this guide arrived in perfect condition and it was a great help when i got into those places in the game where i needed a gentle nudge in the right direction . the most helpful feature is the maps covering each area of the game , it takes a moment to get oriented , but qhen you have it is smooth sailing
 I 've been waiting for this game since Ardennes Offensive came out years ago . That was the best hex wargame system ever , now KP is . The great thing is that AO is included with with KP . Glad to see add-on 's coming . Some bugs here and there , but I have n't seen them affect gameplay/combat at all , just some occasionally annoying things . But do n't let that disuade you , its a solid game . The AI in standard difficultly is n't too challenging , so turn it up .
 I 've been an on again/off again wargamer for several years , and with all the emphasis on RTS , it seemed that turn based strategy games were a thing of the past.The developers at SSG have taken their game engine for `` The Ardennes Offensive '' - a very good game that revisited the Battle of the Bulge , and made it MUCH more user friendly . Sure , there are alot of details to manage -LRB- supply , differentiating unit types , taking into account different terrain , weather , etc. -RRB- but the developers have managed to take alot of this information and present it in very understandable ways . Their `` Combat advisor '' is a real timesaver when it comes to helping you decide exactly where to attack by displaying the odds for a succesful attack , but the more strategic decisions are still left up to you.I 've been up till 2 am the past 5 nights trying to rethink strategies/tactics to beat the scenarios , and every time its different . There are several different levels of AI intelligence , and it WILL give you a very good challenge . It knows when/where to attack , how to conduct retreats and manage its supply very well . But of course , nothing beats a real live human opponent , and you can play with a play by email -LRB- PBEM -RRB- option thats very well integrated into the game.I was almost ready to write off turn based strategy/war games , but the folks at Matrix / SSG have a product I think will bring alot of people who would n't have previously considered this type of game clamoring for more .
 Not so long ago , hex-based wargamers faced daunting challenges including set-up time , playing space and quality opponents . These challenges forced most of us as adults to shelve our passion , content with the memories of high school and college `` gamer clubs . '' Fortunately , thanks to the dedication of tireless developers , we can now trade our cardboard counters for the lure of a glowing screen . Korsun Pocket takes full advantage of today 's robust software and architecture to create a hobbyist 's dream
 It 's good to see a major release of a hex-based operational level wargame . This is the first one I 've seen on store shelves since Operational Art of War , which , to be frank , was n't that great a game.This one 's a lot of fun . The AI is decent , the graphics are very good for a game of this kind , and the combat advisor makes planning an offensive much easier . If you like this sort of game , I 'd buy it without hesitation . If you 've never played an operation wargame before , this one 's very accesible , and a good place to start.WARNING
 Excellent turn-based , hex-based war game . Very easy to learn and understand , but hard to master . Because the mechanics are so simple -LRB- for example , artillery simply ` shifts ' the odds -RRB- you can really focus on your strategy . It seems like I 've played every game of this type going back to Apple II days , and this is the best .
 Highs
 The graphics and sound are not that great but the makers put a lot of effort into gameplay and the strategic aspect of the game . This is not an action game - it is a serious strategy / simulation game .
 Real time strategy games are fun no doubt . But there are times when I just want to practice strategy in a turn based environment , and `` Korsun Pocket '' fits the bill perfectly . As an old board gamer , I appreciate the job Matrix Games has done with its WW2 titles . I hope to own more in the future .
 I would have to say that this game is an excellent WWII battle re-creation . This game hold true to the original battle as far as historical focus goes while allowing the player the chance to possibly change the outcome . The game is strategic in focus while maintaining enough tactical closeness to the battle to feel the heat of the fight . In addition to directing your units into combat , you must also manage supply , unit replacements and reinforcements . In my opinion it takes a game like Steel Panthers and zooms it out to include what happens before and after the fighting . A must for any serious wargamer !
 While I love this game , I have yet to actually finish it . For me it is about the most difficult game I 've every tried , but someday I am going to finish it.It 's a point and click game of opening gates , locks and bridges , while remembering how and when to turn that round building to get where you want to go.Get on your best walking shoes , you 're going to do a lot of it .
 Rhem is just one big maze , but I love the game because it lets you wander and explore alone . I have started Rhem twice and am on the third go-round , this time I 'm determined to finish it . Being lousy at math does n't help , for these are not easy puzzles.The scenery is beautiful , if not in the most modern style , and with the proper Quick Time installed , the game runs smoothly and without glitches.Rhem is an older game and does require the exact Quick Time 4 , not accepting backward compatibility of new versions .
 It is fun . It taught me a vauble lesson . That lesson was : always watch your pet and never leave it alone . Feed it normally and play with it . There are some bugs in the game but I like it . My friend ca n't get it to play because it keeps freezing . Although 2 of my `` catz '' ran away I learned from that mistake . I love going to the areas and finding `` special '' things you ca n't get in the toy closet . It is full of adventure . And I like breeding and getting new breeds . Seeing my cat grow up is fun . And the best part is it can never die ! This game is fun , adventours , and it taught me a lesson . Get it and you will find out for yourself .
 This is definitely a serious strategy game with a unique turn system . Sort of like classic turnbased Battletech at full throttle . Its not an RTS . The package says its ` timed-play ' . There is definitely a different feel to this game style . It has role-playing of the team which you create to pilot the Titan-AT vehicles with stats , attributes and skills which can be improved with experience . You can also design the Titans from scratch to an almost incredible level . There are about 20 different chassis which can hold any number of weapons and systems . This is an extremely deep , well thought out strategy/tactical ? Roleplaying game with a lot of design fun . A real man 's strategy game . It is definitely not dumbed down for the masses increasing its overall brilliance . A great strategy game for battletech . Its the best battletech style wargame I 've played .
 This game is a blast to play . It scored 8.6 / 10 at Gamezone and will please any turn based strategy players . It has role playing elements as you can build your jock -LRB- pilot -RRB- with 7 attributes and 19 skills as well as limitless cusomization for your fighting machines . There are 30 + weapon systems as well as numerous equipment for your titan which can be from recon -LRB- 40t -RRB- to assault -LRB- 200t -RRB- . The games has single player potental -LRB- 3 campaigns -RRB- as well as multiplayer fun in hotseat or internet games . If you like squad based combat and/or battletech its the game of your choice .
 This game is simply a must-have for fans of good turn-based PC strategy . It 's the closest thing to a PC version of my beloved Battletech tabletop system since ... well , ever . It even feels like a board game , though with the added bonus of being able to watch your Titans stomping around on height-mapped terrain and shoot things with all manner of cool weaponry . You can design your own Titans from the ground up and outfit them with tons of components and electronic warfare systems . You can create your own teams of pilots and customize their skills to suit your play style . Your pilots get better with experience , and you really develop strong attachments to them over time . It 's all extremely addictive , and multiplayer is a complete blast ! This is the most enthralling and downright fun game I 've purchased in quite a while .
 I heard some good things about this game , and some really terrible things.But I knew it was a turn-based strategy game with mechs , and that 's the kind of game I was looking for.I 'll just say , the first time I installed it and played it , I was frustrated by the controls . It seemed it took decades to get to a fight , and I wondered how anyone could stand it . However , I was n't giving up . There 's an old saying - `` I PAID MY MONEY ! `` Taking a moment to look through the manual , I found and memorized a few of the most important hotkeys . -LRB- Alt-right clicking is very good ; it makes your mechs walk places automatically in the beginning of the game when there are no enemies in sight . That way you are n't constantly telling your mechs to `` Turn , Walk forward , Turn '' etc. when you should n't even worry about it yet . -RRB- Basically , you 'll be annoyed by the strange interface until you get used to it . But you can get used to it if you put a little time into getting used to it.Soundwise , the game is decent . The only problem I had was a slight popping noise in one of the ambient sound effects - but that 's amazingly easy to fix - just turn off the ambient sounds . -LRB- They 're all short loops of lave boiling or chemicals bubbling - you wo n't miss them . -RRB- The weapons sound nice , as well as the mechs walking . No real problems here except what I mentioned.Graphics . This is certainly the game 's lowest point . But it does what it 's supposed to . You know where mechs are , you know if they 're recon , medium , heavy , or assault class . You know if they are flying or if they have fallen down . You know which way they are facing ... Basically , the graphics serve their purpose , and not too much more . Personally , though , I think this game 's graphics are fine . And they are a step up from the free software I was using before.Gameplay is good . It 's turn-based strategy at its best . And there 's a lot of replayability to be had , here . Go to the HQ and recruit pilots , and upgrade them after battles , in a kind of RPG manner . You 'll grow attached to some of your pilots and you will mourn their virtual deaths . Buy mechs and customize every little detail on them , from armor to life-support to weapons , so you go into battle in exactly the way you want.I recommend this game if you want a turn-based combat game or even a mech game . There 's plenty of fun to have with this title and it wo n't put a dent in your pocket to get it .
 This game 's like chess . Graphics are n't important to understanding what 's going on . If all you want is shiny pictures go watch TV or something . : -RRB- The UI is unconventional and may be difficult to pick up right away but do n't worry , after a bit of playing it becomes second nature.The true strength of this game is multiplayer battle with custom-built titans . There 's a nearly endless variety of ways your opponent wil use terrain , trickery , superior design , or raw bravado to tear your poor little titans into shreds with chainsaws , howitzers , guided missiles , lasers , exotic energy weapons , flamethrowers , lethal radiation , and all sorts of other instruments of doom . All in all , difficult to master but the multiplayer matchups make it all worthwhile . There 's still a few legendary players around , if you can find them they 'll show you what a real battle is . XD
 This game is a blast to play . It scored 8.6 / 10 at Gamezone and will please any turn based strategy players . It has role playing elements as you can build your jock -LRB- pilot -RRB- with 7 attributes and 19 skills as well as limitless cusomization for your fighting machines . There are 30 + weapon systems as well as numerous equipment for your titan which can be from recon -LRB- 40t -RRB- to assault -LRB- 200t -RRB- . The games has single player potental -LRB- 3 campaigns -RRB- as well as multiplayer fun in hotseat or internet games . If you like squad based combat and/or battletech its the game of your choice .
 This is the finest turn-based RPG since Max Payne . The lush tropical environments are reminiscent of a forest on Mars . With pine needls and stuff , you know . How can anyone pass up a game like this ? It is tough to get it to run on a GeForce FX or any other NVidia card , for that matter .
 06 is so much better than the original version , because its made by a different developer . I have n't even started playing season mode yet because the new 3-on-3 mode is so addicting ! I basically play as -LRB- in my case -RRB- forsberg , gagne , and knuble vs any other team 's top 3 players . It 's so fun ! The controls are a lot better , and its easier to shoot one timers unlike the old version . The only negative for me is that it doesnt have most of the rookies on it , it has them on there but it doesnt have their name . For example , it says
 I got this game today and played it on my psp and this is what I noticed ... well its not good or bad . It is a very fast passed game . Graphics arnt the best either . I hope that ea sports makes a hockey game for the psp one day because these gretzky games arent that good . overall its okay
 I bought this for grandson who is handicapped and is able to play these on this PSP . It helps him with with his intellectual and physical development
 This game is pretty good , but sometimes the game starts being gay . When your winning by a big score in the third period they score and tie you . it 's a little un-realistic . sometimes you cant check , but otherwise the whole thing is good . In my opinion you should buy it if you might have interest in it .
 This is a pretty fun game . The sort of thing that shortens a long flight . You can play it for a while , put it down for a month , and pick right up where you left without too much hassle or learning curve . Just the kind of game I need for the PSP.I had quite a bit of fun with this game . Its presentation is pretty good overall . Especially the graphics . The commentators on the other hand are annoying and sometimes involuntarily ammusing . In particular the short break in between player names and the rest of the announcement get to you after a while . `` Iginla -- shoots wide of the goal '' . `` Yashin -- is tripped by -- number 0 '' . It is only amusing for so long.The one problem with this game is that it does not really play like hockey . Partially this seems to be due to the way the skaters skate . Often is is next to impossible to get the puck and everyone just skates around in circles . The other problem is the AI of your own players . I player may run after the puck and get in scoring position , but when you take over , he inexplicably turns around and you have to re-align him . Argh . Also , rebounds are practically impossible to get , even if you skate right over the puck.Nevertheless , I had much more fun than frustration with this game . If this played on a regular console , I would be disappointed , but for the PSP , I like it .
 I love this game but I ca n't play it on Vista . I 've tried compatability and patches and nothing works.Update
 Updated Edit : I was able to get this game running on my Windows 8 PC by using a program called VMWARE VMPLAYER which is used to create virtual machines . I installed a copy of Windows 98 SE from a CD image file onto that virtual machine , and with about 1.5 hours of time and research , I was able to get the game running 100 % -LRB- sound , video , loading , saving , etc. . . -RRB- So far I have n't tried to patch it , but I do n't anticipate that will be an issue at all . If you just heard of this game and wanted to give it a spin this would be way too much effort , but if you 're nostalgic for it like I was and willing to jump through some hoops . I anticipate VMPLAYER will be useful for other early windows games as well.Old : I 've heard some folks had it running in XP with some tweaks , maybe vista , 7 , and 8 is possible with some effort , but I 'm not sure . There 's no easy button to get this working on new PCs ... Too bad I do n't have a 95 era PC around anymore .
 Although I started out playing the second in the series , its well rated predeccessor intriqued me enough to try it as well . The original is solid , perhaps even moreso than the second . Excellent game .
 A great old game from 1996 , this game gets you exploring territories in different systems for ore to mine and Cybrids to destroy . I like the hex based movement system for this game . -LRB- Cyberstorm
 This game is based on a turn-based hex system . This means that each space you move your unit is one hex . The game offers a variety of different weapon combinations that can be put on each unit -LRB- herc -RRB- along with different pilots with different skills . For a game made back in the 90 's it has a lot of charm and replayability .
 First -- since this game has yet to be released and I am not a beta-tester -- I have not played this game -LRB- yet -RRB- . This rating applies to the board game and the estimated potential of the to-be-released computer game under development by Matrix Games.I feel compelled to respond to Chesboa `` review '' as to the relevance of the game 's format and hopefully to counterbalance that viewpoint with a little bit of reality . It is clear in C 's review that he/she has an agenda -- to promote 3D gaming , whether or not that is the appropriate forum for a particular game.I have played wargames for decades -LRB- long before there was such a thing as a `` computer game '' -RRB- . Since the PC revolution of the mid-1980s , I have experienced firsthand the development of computer games from DOS to Windows XP . To say that this game should n't be bought simply because it does n't incorporate 3D graphics is analogous to saying you should n't buy a particular lawn mower because it does n't sport a Hemi engine . The real question to ask is
 This game is the computer version of the boardgame , `` Empires in Arms , '' Published by ADG . This game is a multiplayer strategy game re-enacting the Napoleonic conflict of the early 19th century . Finding seven players to `` move pieces around a board '' is at times difficult ... particularly if you live in South Dakota.While we have yet to see the quality of the AI ... early reports are optimistic . This game will allow you to play a fantastic boardgame without the difficulty of arranging a `` meeting . `` Send the Game Publishers a message ... BUY this game , simply because it is a well thought out and designed game . Maybe it does n't have three dimensional views of `` aiming a cannon at the oncoming cavalry . '' But it will teach you about Napoleonic strategy . It will let you play a true multiplayer game without a plethora of warm bodies . It will update a classic boardgame.Buy it , and enjoy .
 EIA is the best Napoleon era war game I 've played . It 's complicated , but the game play is rather simple . The diplomacy the biggest attribute of this game . The fighting is secondary to being a shrewd statesman with a sound strategic plan . Get wrapped up in an intractable war and you will suffer - even if you 're France.Empires in Arms is the computer version of Australian Design Group classic board game . Empires in Arms is a seven player game of grand strategy during the Napoleonic period of 1805-1815 . Playable either solitaire , by email or over the Internet . It 's a Corps level game with full diplomatic options that allows players complete freedom to fight it out for control of Europe any way they want to . The map is divided up into provinces with general terrain characteristics as well as economic and manpower values.The game moves in monthly turns where diplomacy and builds are conducted . Within the monthly turns there are a variable number of impulses where corps and fleets move about . All movement is simultaneous with battles occurring at the end of the impulse.Battles are resolved by players both picking a strategy and fighting a series of rounds in an attempt to break the enemy . Countries can make and break alliances , declare war , invade minor nations , propose peace terms , and build different type armies . Many historical leaders from the period are included to command corps and fleets , from Admiral Nelson to Marshall Davout to the Pashas of the Ottoman Empires.The object is to accumulate as much `` glory '' or victory points as possible . Your glory points are derived from the political state of your empire at the end of every turn . Lose a bunch of battles or break alliances and you suffer political points and ultimately earn fewer glory points . Win battles and you gain political points improving your glory point earning power . You can even invest money back into your economy to bolster the political situation - something you may need to do if you hit rock bottom -LRB- aka political instability -RRB- . The winner of the game is the Empire that has maximized the amount of `` glory '' points it receives throughout the game . Different empires have different victory point goals thereby allowing countries other than France and England an opportunity to win.I have to admit , I have only played the board game . Apparently the computer version is non-existent . If it ever does come to fruition , it would be a triumph if it did nothing other than solve the administrative complexities of the board game .
 This PSP 2.1 Sound System rocks ! It has 2 midrange speaks and a pretty sturdy sub . This thing gives a nice crisp sound with some surprisingly deep bass from such a small sub . Setup is a snap and controls are idiot proof . The only problems I have with this unit is there are no navigation controls on the base , so you still have to use the psp controls to navigate your disks , which is slightly ackward when it 's docked . The second problem is the remote is n't the most sensative out there . Sometimes I have problems getting it to register from less than a foot away . Definately a great buy even with the 2 minor inconviences , and a must buy for anyone who plans on building a PSP UMD Movie collection !!
 This Stereo dock works great with your old PSP 1000 -LRB- FAT -RRB- . Sound quality is pretty good , even better with the detachable Subwoofer . Comes with a remote control so you can change and manipulate your media from afar . Also doubles as a charging station , with a flip of a switch , you can charge your PSP when you 're not using the Stereo system.Though you could charge it while playing music or watching movies , but you 'll get a lot of noisy feedback while doing so , but this is the ONLY con of this product!An audio port in back also allows you to plug & play any other audio device to this . Great product overall !
 Let me forewarn any potential buyer of this game ... IT IS A WARGAME ... What does that mean ? Well , this is not a point - click and watch the little tanks run around the screen and blow up things . If you are looking for that then there are a plethora of games that fall under the RTS -LRB- Real Time Strategy -RRB- that would fit your bill.For those of you not familiar with wargames , they are computerized versions of board games with counters -LRB- those little square pieces of cardboard with information on them -RRB- , pretty intense rules , and all kinds of units . These games were very popular in the 70s -LRB- aka Bookshelf Games -RRB- and many were made by Avalon Hill.Wargames fall into an analytical strategy based categories , relying more on accurate history , troops , and very detailed . Most try to mimic real battles in history , from Civil War to Vietnam.With the advent of the computer Wargames have become again very popular since the computer AI now acts as an opponent , keep tracks of detailed databases , and make setting up very quick . You can also play via email with opponents.Wargames have there place in history , the military plays several wargames to analyze strategies and practice tactics . Harpoon , probably one of the first wargames computerized to great success , took the US Navy by storm . While I served , many people had played the board based or computer based version . There was no other game to recreate actual modern naval battles as well.Hopefully , this will clarify that this is not a splashy , click fest type of game . It is the chess of wargames , while RTS is the checkers of wargames.That being said , HTTR -LRB- Highway to the Reich -RRB- is one of the best wargames I have played , yes it will take you a few hours to learn the rules and go through the tutorials , but it will take a long time to master.If you miss those wargame / boardgames that you use to play -LRB- aka Squad Leader -RRB- , then this is a great step into the next generation of wargames.I believe the previous reviewer is not a wargame player or had never played war base boardgames and was unfamiliar with this style of gaming . That is really too bad . HTTR has won many outstanding awards from the wargaming community as well as many PC game magazines . Even though it is a great game , it might not be your cup of tea . It is slow paced compared to many of today 's action shooters.If you loved playing Axis and Allies -LRB- the boardgame -RRB- and want to kick it up a notch , then give this a try.For more information on wargames visit www.wargamer.com
 Airborne Assault
 It takes patience and a love of the genre to master this game . Defense or offense , enemy AI is unusually clever and makes you pay brutally for every mistake . This game engine will test your abilities even after you overcome the learning curve , translating into a high replayability factor Definitely a keeper .
 Take the time to learn the game system before trashing it . The printed manual -LRB- which is getting increasingly rare these days -RRB- clearly states that new players should spend about 2-3 hours going through the tutorials.Do not buy this game if you 're expecting flashy graphics . Do buy it if you want a game to truly challenge you.My only complaint -LRB- s -RRB- with the manual are the very dark illustrations & tiny printing . Otherwise it 's well laid out & pretty well written .
 If you remember or are still playing the Avalon Hill board games , you will enjoy this one . This is not a fast paced game it 's a a strategy game . And that 's why `` Highway to the Reich '' is so good .
 I havent even played the game yet , but the reviews have been great from every source I 've checked . I agree with the two other reviewers that said this game is not for you if you are looking for fast paced shoot em up action . In fact , I would add that if you have any doubts , then this game probably isnt for you . I remember a time before ISPs and the world wide web , when a series of similar games from a publisher called Atomic Games , kept me up all night saying `` Just one more turn , and I 'll go to sleep . '' One of the best games in that series was Operation Market Garden . I loved those games so much that a few years ago , I dusted off the CDs and built an old school DOS machine out of spare parts , just to play it again , since it wouldnt run on windows box . Another thing I remember is having to upgrade my video card RAM chips from 512KB to 1MB in order to play it . Now my video card has 256MB , wow have times changed . Ever since then I have kept searching for an updated version of the same type of game that would run on a windows machine , and now its here . Woohoo ! cant wait for it to arrive . One last thing , if you like these types of games , I recommend that you also check out `` War in the Pacific '' by Matrix games .
 The game conflict Desert Storm is a very well-rounded game which gives you everything you could look for in a shooter . A few good features are ; you can play in either 1st or 3rd person , can play and command each soldier in your four man team , a wonderful array of real life weapons -LRB- AK-47 's , M-16 , M-60 's , sniper , Anti-Tank launchers , grenades , C4 charges , many handguns as well as many more automatic weapons -RRB- , and the multi player mode . In the multi player mode up to 4 human players can command the 4 team members . On the scale of 1-10 I give the following : Graphics - -LRB- 7 -RRB- This is probably the only downside of the game . Some of the buildings and scenery are `` box-like '' . These feaures are n't 3D and look like something from Nintendo 64 . Most of the scenery also is not interactive . Such as you shoot a window but none of the glass breaks . But , the soldiers and their weapons are in very good detail . The only downside about the soldiers is when they talk , if you zoom in on their face , their mouth is not moving.Game Play - -LRB- 9.5 -RRB- The missions are really hard -LRB- depending on the difficulty level -RRB- and can take an hour or so to complete . They range from taking down Iraqi Outposts to blowing up Scuds to driving tanks and other vehicles . The controls are a little complicated but are easy to learn after the introduction missions . The training missions will teach you everything from how to move -LRB- pretty obvious -RRB- to shooting to calling in air strikes and commanding your team.Sound - -LRB- 8.5 -RRB- The sounds coming from the guns are unbelievable . You can hear the click from the chamber , then explosion when the bullet is released and the thud when it hits a body -LRB- hopefully an Iragi soldier -RRB- . The Browning 50 caliber gun has the best sound in the game . Turn up your TV and it sounds like the fight is right outside . A couple downsides are ; the voices are often muffed by background sounds , and the planes sound exactly like that humming light bulb in your house.Overall - -LRB- 9 -RRB- For everything this game offers it 's hard to believe you can get it for 20 bucks . The multi player mode will be great entertainment and the solo missions are just as good . As long as you can get the controls and ignore the sometimes blotchy scenery , you 'll be sure to love this game . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes war games as well as shooters . The game also keeps various stats such as kills and accuracy , then hands out medals for achievements in those catagories . The entire experience is well worth the 20 bucks and would also make a great stocking-stuffer . Thanks for reading my review and I hope it helped .
 Graphics . That 's the one thing that docked this game of the fifth star . When I first saw this game , I was at my friend 's house . I saw the game on the screen , looked down , and to my surprise saw that the Gamecube was on instead of the N64.These are not GameCube quality graphics . I really , really hated the helicopter models especially -LRB- I 've never seen a UH-60 turn so flatly ! -RRB- But , graphics aside , this game was superb ! The gameplay is realistic and challenging . You have to use smart tactics , make good use of your squad 's strengths , and try not to expose your squad 's weaknesses in order to win . Individually , you have to worry about ammo and health . You have to be conservative , or else you 're running around the desert with nothing but a little knife for defense.The game stays true to the 1991 war against Iraq . The invasion of Kuwait , the SCUDs , the F-117 strikes , the victory , it 's all there.This is also the first realistic game I 've experienced that allows you to move up both enlisted and officer ranks . Your squad members start out as Privates , except your rifleman , who 's a Sergeant . Soon , your squad members become officers , starting as O-1s -LRB- 2d Lieutenants -RRB- . I 'm always eagerly waiting for a promotion after each mission.Desert Storm is a great game , true to life and challengeing .
 A solid enjoyable arcade-style war sim.Getting straight to the point : Visuals
 Wow , what a awesome game ! Bradle the rifle man , Foley the sniper , Conners the heavey weapons specielist and Jones the demoltion expert in 15 levels of hard desert storm fury . This game is alot easyer to control than Ghost Reacon , but the only two bad thing are only certain kinds of weapons can destroy certain kinds of targets and stick sensitivity is a huge problem . You can ame and the reticlel on the target and be scared by someone and you accidentaly hit the stick and you can fire a mile to the right or lert . All inall I Highly RECOMEND THIS GAME !
 Over view : Graphics 6.5 / 10 : Although the models are very nicely done and detailed , everything else is average ... Some of the landscape and objects are rough and not very impressive but get the job done . And the cinematics are n't anything special but in this game graphics are n't the important thing.Controls 9/10 : The controls are at first akward and confusing , and might overwhelm some people . After some practice you get used to them . The control scheme allows -LRB- once you 've practiced them -RRB- more possible ways to fight then most other FPS.GamePlay 9/10 : This game 's 15 missions are long and fun fun fun . Co-op mode rules ! Fighting along side your friends is neat . But if your friends are elsewhere you 'll have to learn to control a squad of four by your self , which may overwhelm some people . So invite your friends over for a great time!Sound 7/10 : Well there 's voices , gun shots and music but I 'm too busy playing to pay much attention.Overall 9.5 / 10
 This game is awesome !!!!!! It is the best 3rd person shooter/war game that I have ever played ! I have never played a 3rd person shooter game before i played this one . And i love 3rd person shooters now ! It takes place in the middle east during the Gulf War in 1991 and this is the most realistic war game out there right now . The game has great graphics and great missions . The missions seem like they take a long time , but they really arent long at all . When you fire your gun , you can actually see the bullets path because it has a long yellow line that trails it . Its not really all that great . Its ok in all but at least they could have made the line a little bit smaller and thinner , then i think it would be ok . But it does give you the edge of getting out of the way so you concerve health.The new the `` Conflict
 This is a great game . It is fun to play and intense but not gory . The plot is that you have to lead your squad of four commandos behind enemy lines . I have the gamecube version and I love the fact that your troops will gain experience and rank as you beat the levels.It looks so realistic too!I also like the fact that you ca n't just come in shooting and expect to win , you have to plan your attack . Strategy plays a big role in this game.Also if you have the gamecube you and three friends will be able to take the places of the other commandos in your squad in co-op mode . It is much more fun when you are playing with real people.Anyway you should definetly consider going out and buying this game .
 I bought this game on 5/25/03 and I 've been delighted with the game ever since . Let me tell you , if your looking for acion , aventure , good graphics , this game has it all . What I like about this game a lot is that you can obtain and use estrodenary weapons and vehicles that are out off this world . Here is a little hint that I 'll give you , never jump out of a mountain or something high you might kill the soldier by doing that , you can always heal him but you might not get to your inyured player in time and he might die and once he dies , he will be replaced by another soldier -LRB- ussualy a rokie -RRB- . That happened to Bradley , one of the best soldiers in the game , I was blowing the briedge in the first level and I was so in a hurry that I managed to jump of the blowed bride instead of goin around the mountain . When he got inyured I had to use folley and go around the mountain to heal him but it was too late , he had died . Oh well , GOOD LUCK SOLDIER .
 We just bought this game and we love it . This game is more realistic and easier to play and control than Ghost Recon . If you want stealth missions go for Splinter Cell , but if you want a good combination of stealth , gun fire , and strategy - this game has it . The fact that it sells for $ . . is also a plus . You can play solo and be in charge of up to 4 men in your squad -LRB- depending on the mission -RRB- or you can play together with friends and have them control the members of your squad . Add to all these great things that this game is full of history . It recounts many of the details of Desert Storm - and this time you get to take out Saddam yourself !
 This is a great game for preteens to play to get ready for black ops series . I also enjoy playing with my daughter for some us time .
 The game came fast and just as disscibed . We have had no problems with it . The boys played it together and had a great time . They said it was lots of fun and looked great .
 I have n't played this game for a long time but I remember it clearly . You have a story mode to complete with up to four team members . You control each member . But the best part about the campaign is that you can actually have 4 real players control the 4 squad members . You get a real assortement of weapons and have to blow your way through tanks , heavy defenses , and of course lots of terroist.I would give the graphics a pretty good review from that time . They do n't burn your eyes out . Then the gameplay is exciting but choose your human players carefully . You do n't want to get separated . And if one member is injured he will eventually die . But you have a limited time to heal partners so stay close ! But overall this is a really good game that you should buy . I had fun when i rented it 5 years ago now . And now its 5 years later and im getting it again for real ! : -RRB-
 This is probably the best game ever to come out on the GC . It takes place in Kuait during 1991-1993 . You command a squad of four unique men . A riflemen/squad leader , a sniper , a heavy weapons expert , and a medic/combat engeineer . Each man has 3 differnt stats that can be increase from 1-4 stars . You have a choice to play as the American Delta Force or the British SAS -LRB- special air service -RRB- . The campain is n't effected much no matter what team you choose . The only difference is that the men 's skills are changed -LRB- if you chose SAS the entire team would have the medic skill instead of just one man -RRB- , the outfit and the accents are changed . The misson objectives range from rescue a team member , demoing a target , to killing the leader of the Iraqi army . the enemy AI is one of the best expesialy on the hard setting . The only problems i have with this game are some sounds and weapon realisom . The Hekler & Koch PSG-1 sniper should be semi-automatic with little recoil but it kicks like the M82A1 50 cal . sniper and fires like a bolt action.The Black Arrow sniper is scilenced and should be almost as loud as as the M8 . Some of the machine guns such as the M249 SAW -LRB- squad automatic weapon -RRB- should have a magazine capacity well over 100 rounds but do n't . The M4 SOPMOD has a scope but it ca n't be used . Little realisom problems aside the is game is good . Its real shining point is the 4-player co-op mode . The only down side the 4-player co-op is it takes away some of the more fun missions . Any way it cost a little over 10 dollars to have delivered to your front door . So if you like war games or are looking for something to play on game cube i would recomend buying it .
 I rented this game when I first played it I thought it was gon na be like Ghost Recon . But I was wrong ! This is much better ! I recommend this for single-player and multiplayer play . Especially fun with you and 3 friends !
 I bought this game almost a half year ago , and i must say that with playing it VERY VERY often , my and my friends never get tired of this one !!! Some of my favorite qualities of this game is that a 4 player game can be saved and resumed as a 1,2 , or even 3 player game . This way i can play w / my friends and when they leave , i can continue it alone . It also allows you to save many files , which is very good , you will find because the only level you can play in a file is the level that you are up to .
 When I think of Conflict Desert Storm , I think of ... running round Bagdad with an AK47 mowing down Iraqis LEFT AND RIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!! Sounds fun does n't it !!!!!!!!!!!! Great game.Only Flaw with this game is that the M16 is 3 round burst only , I hate M16 's anyway , but I just do n't like that small piece of unrealism . -LRB- AK47s and AK103 's ROCK !!!!!! -RRB-
 this game is AWESOME ! before i got it i looked at reviews and alot of people liked it . so i bnought it and its so-so much fun . You can either be Delta Force or SAS officers . the controls are easy once you learn them and weapons are awesome . this game reminds me of solcom . the first level is not great but the others are sweet . you can pick up other weapons and other stuff like RPG 's . also you can give commands to youre other soldiers by pressin z then x. fun game . i recommend this game .
 I think this was an awsome game !! When i first got it i didnt know if it was a good game or not . but when i played it it was sweet !!!!!!!!
 This game is the best war game i have ever played . Me and my brother play it a lot and we have beaten it 2 or 3 times . Every time we go through a level it is never the same . The game is basd on strategy which is what I like . You have to plan your attack on a tank or on a building very carefully which is half the fun . I think it is better then Ghost Recon because the controls are more easy and you can pick up weapons that you find in buildings !
 conflict desert storm is an exelent game it has boss graphics great guns and wepons and the missions are amazing la but the best thing about it is errr dont no every thing is boss lol
 This game takes you into bagdad to find Hussien and complety destroy his army ... the controls at first are kinda wierd but you get use to them really fast . .
 The scenes are beautiful and well lit . Unlike most Hidden Objects games with dark scenes and various objects piled to the rafters . These scenes are uncluttered , but still challenging . The story could be more interesting , but it 's not a vital part of the game .
 One of the previous reviewers says this is a hidden object game . It is NOT ! It is a puzzle game with 150 levels , each one a little harder than the one before . This is one of those three-in-a-row elimination games , but is played on a two-dimensional board more like chess instead of a vertical drop like tetris . The goal is to clear a path from one side of the board to the other by eliminating colored balls blocking the way so that you can place keys into their corresponding locks or assemble pieces of a sword or shield . If you fail to eliminate three balls on each move , more balls pop up around the board . I bought this game many years ago but I still play it whenever I have time to kill . I must be on my twentieth or thirtieth pass by now . The game is so open , there is no way you can play each level exactly the same way as before . That 's why it is addictive . BTW , ignore the storyline , it is dumb and irrelevant .
 I played this game when I was going into sixth grade , and it taught me a lot about Greek mythology and the story of The Odyssey . Players help Wishbone get out of the combobulator while learning Greek mythology .
 I played this when I was younger . It 's entertaining , educational , funny and I bet it made my parents happy to get a few hours to themselves . Really well thought out and well done game .
 I use to play this game for hours in elementry school , and now as a college studen in a greek mythology class it was surprisingly historically accurate!Does anyone know if it will run on macoxs ? Im really thinking about buying it again !
 This game is amazing ! All Wishbone fans should buy it ! I would love to too , because my copy BROKE . Never the less , any TRUE wishboen fan wouldnt go without it .
 Best game ever in my opinion atleast of today , also the best racing game but i havent played NFSU . Everything is cool except for the fact that the cars arent real and you cant sup them up
 This game is amazing ! Not only can you race , you can also tour the three cities
 This game is amazing ! Not only can you race , you could also cruise the three cities . I love all the obstacles like the people , the cars , and espeecially the cops . This is so far the best game I 've ever played .
 Midnight Club 2 is one of the best games I ever played ! And I thought Midnight Club was good . This is amazing . I do n't have the game yet but i played it at a friends house.Who ever thought of this game is the best.IT IS HOT !
 First of all this game has everthing u want in a racing game.The tracks are very polished and detailed and egnormous.The graphics are the best i `` ve seen in a racing game ever !!! The gameplay is haerttrilling with fast paced racing to keep ur heart racing itself.All In All this game is a must by for racing fans .
 this game is the best racing game that is out there ! there is only three levels but they are huge ! this game has kept me busy for a long time now . it is an absolute must buy . . so buy it .
 WOW ! What can I say ? this game has it all . You get awsome graphics with perfect reflections on the cars . You get a variaty of cars and motorcycles . When you play the game and you are going 300 mph on a city street you will feel a pure adrenaline rush unlike anything else . The sense of speed of amazing . For example lets say you have the best car in the game and are hit the pedal and go up to 250ph . Cool , but thats not it . You have five nitro slots and they boost you up to 100mph more . When you open a nitro tank you will increase 100mph in about 50 feet . AMAZING ! The buildings will just zip right by you . It is something that has to be seen to really feel the excitment . This game has plenty of levels for you to complete only adding to the already intense and fun gameplay . Midnight Club 2 also features a muliplayer mode and as icing on the cake you get an excellent online mode . What more could be asked for in a game?Graphics
 This game is by far the best game that i purchased for my PS2 and i am very satisfied withit it is everything that i thought it was going to be the graphics are great the al is sharp . this game is great !!
 Midnight Club 2 is on the best racers on the Playstation 2 . I get a buzz from the adrenalin rush every time I play this game . Yes , it is that fast . MC2 is just pure craziness . You race through LA , Paris and Tokyo , being chased by vary persistant police , all while trying to find the best rout to the finish line and avoiding the hectic traffic.The main reason I love this game is all the short cuts you can find and there are some really breath taking leaps off of buildings you can do.The music is a nice mixture of the techno,trance,hip-hop genre . The most important part of the game is the control and it is top notch . An excelent cross between arcade and sim.You wont find any licened cars here , but they look very similiar to the real things and each one handles different.I could tell you alot more about the game , but I 'll let you find that part out for yourself . . that 's just part of the fun . Just do n't let this game pass you by . : -RRB-
 this game is way better than loads of other racing games in many ways . here are my pros & cons ; 4 it.pros : - great grafix-free roam around 3 highly detailed cities-great selection of tight looking cars-get to choose who you want to race by finding them in the citycons : - fake cars UNLIKE nfsu-you ca n't customize your car except for a small color change choice-the cities are expansive but compact ... you see the same things over and over and ... but when you get past those ... it is a great game .
 When I first picked up this game I thought I would find some fun racing action , and maybe some neat graphics.But the gameplay and the graphics on Midnight Club II blew me away . This game has paid a ton of attention to detail . Some of the cars have all kinds of special options , built up just like you see the City Slickers in LA.The motorcycles are awesome . It takes a while to get used to leaning , but once you get it , you can fly!Crashes are cool too . You see the dents , but if you crash too hard , you just might blow up . All the more fun!This is absolutely one of the best racing type games I 've seen . Without a doubt , this game is addictive .
 THIS IS A GREAT GAME . IT HAS REALLY GOOD GRAPHICS AND THE CARS GO REALLY FAST . IT SOUNDS REAL . IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THIS GAME YOU AINT FROM THIS WORLD . BUY THIS GAME NOW ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 no doubt the game is good , its just very hard to play , you must come first in every race you do in order to unlock things . Plus the game 's modes and gameplay is exremely dificuilt aswell while you go through checkpoints at top speed turing corners with complete concentration , i recomend this game to ELITE game racers only because this game requires your full concentration in the races , one screw up , bad turn or bump and you lost the entire race .
 I think this game was pretty damn good . I thought it was even more so when i could run people over muhahaha . Thats right mr or mrs anonymous `` a gamer '' running people over is fun on the video games . It keeps me from doing it in real life . I mean its a f *** ing video game . Plus i can see why you do n't like it , that 's because you ca n't win since you try to dodge the people . Well since thats out of the way ... . The game has supurb graphics and gameplay although unreal at times . Thats what makes it good though ... I mean if I wanted to drive realistically I 'd get in my car . I loved the soundtrack people diss on it too much saying its fake . Just because it 's not mainstream , does that mean it 's fake ? I could go on about how shallow people are for hours , but this is a game review . Do n't just rush out and buy it though , rent it first , then if you like it buy it . The voice acting was n't the greatest but overall it was a great game .
 When I first popped this game into the PS2 , my jaw dropped . I played for 5 hours straight in 1 sitting , and im not a very big gamer . It has everything Gran Turismo 3 has , but it has a much bigger fun element . Not buying this game should be considered the 8th Deadly Sin .
 I bought all of these for my nephed and Daughter , they both loved Movies and Playstation , I invested alot of money in all of there and would never thak any back for nothing.Brenda
 Midnight club 2 in my opinion is the best in the series . Gameplay is fun because the cars and motorcycles perform and handle close to how they should . The story is not bad so I find it acceptable . The Vehicles can not be customized but thats ok because they are all unique and they look cool . ps2 graphics still look good even in this generation . This game has a good replay value so it does not get boring .
 Without a doubt , Midnight Club II is the best racing game I 've ever experienced . Take the thematic elements of MC-I -LRB- it 's only redeeming quality -RRB- , add the graphics and highway speeds of `` Extreme Tokyo Racer II '' , then throw in a pinch of 2-wheel action , and you 've got one slick recipe for yet another Rockstar hit.I was skeptical of buying this game at first , since I had purchased the first Midnight Club -LRB- for $ 20 -RRB- , and was wholly unimpressed . The gameplay and environments seemed so one-dimensional , and the only thing that I found to be redeeming was the fact that I did n't have to learn new controls when I switched from the GTA series . However , after looking at Rockstar 's incredible flash website for the game , that skepticism was quickly banished.I just bought MC-II yesterday , and I am thoroughly thrilled with every aspect . The graphics of the race vehicles alone are a vast improvement over the first ; however , there 's more . The virtual environment , in terms of realism , is leaps and bounds above most racing games I 've played . Unlike MC-I , the streets are n't just long avenues adorned with solid rectangles , painted to look like buildings . You have gas stations , parking lots , and even the `` Los Angeles River '' -LRB- the large concrete drainage aqueduct -RRB- . I ca n't wait to unlock Paris & Tokyo ! My favorite improvement , in terms of environment , is the freeway/highway racing . This is what MC-I was missing ... whereas Extreme Tokyo Racer was missing the `` urban '' element , and was all highways . This combines the two , and the rush you get from weaving in and out of congested urban areas , then opening up the throttle on a freeway , is mucho intense!The AI for the pedestrians and other non-race vehicles is an improvement , but the real gem is the AI for your opponents . They never do the same thing twice , but they seem to keep an overarching racing strategy in mind , one that changes and improves as you advance further in the game.The player controls are much better , as is the heads-up display . Nitrous Oxide tanks are unlocked after the first race ; you only get one boost per race . After a few more races , SST -LRB- SlipStream Turbo -RRB- is unlocked . This allows you to draft another racer -LRB- follow closely -RRB- until you light up the SST meter and fly past him/her . Another fantastic improvement is weight transfer . In cars , this allows you to self-correct any in-air pitching or rolling . However , the real fun comes after you obtain the motorcycle . If anyone has had the pleasure of riding the PCJ 's in GTA Vice City , you will be blown away by the Cohete ! Using weight transfer , you can pop wheelies , slouch down to cut wind resistance , and make sharp turns without having to slow down . It takes some getting used to , but once you get the hang of it , it 's very hard to go back to the old 4 wheels ... what a rush!I have n't gotten the Network Adapter ... YET ! I plan to very soon ... but for right now , this game continues to blow my socks off . As with Vice City , I have nothing negative to say about this game . Midnight Club II is , quite simply , an exhilerating , addicting experience that , unlike the first one , does not lose its charm . And I 'm sure that network play holds much more promise . Basically , this is everything I wanted from a racing title , and more . Enjoy !
 Other than Need for Speed : Hot Pursuit 2 , I 've never played a racer with a greater sense of speed , on the Playstation2 , than Midnight Club 2 . Rockstar San Diego -LRB- formerly Angel Studios -RRB- kept their promise when they said that MC2 would be alot like The Fast and The Furious . With a hip-hop/techno soundtrack , ingenoius track designs , and absolutely stunning vehicles to race with ; MC2 is a force to be reckoned with . The icing on this baby , though , lies in the Track Editor and Online Play ... wherein the possiblities for racing are practically endless.My only gripe is , at times , there is almost too much speed and the tracks can be insanely difficult . In LA alone , I clocked in some serious playtime trying to get past those tracks . One thing is for sure , though , ... it 's deeply satisfying when you do win a race . This is Street Racing at its ' finest and every racing fans ' dream . I could go on for hours about just how good this game looks and plays but the best thing for me to do is recommend you give Midnight Club 2 a shot . You wo n't be disappointed . It 's one of the Upper Tier Racers out there for the PS2 and definitely worth having in your PS2 library .
 I had very high hopes for this game judging by the screenshots , and movies . When I bough MCII , I was pleased , but a little disappointed . First of all , there are three cities totalto race in , Paris , L.A. , and Tokyo ! Sounds fun , right ? Right , except that you have to work your ... off to earn Paris and Tokyo . Only L.A. is available at first . What a bummer ! Another problem is the opponents you face and the challenges they give you . You are ALWAYS the major underdog . It 's like the Bulls vs. the Nuggets in the NBA , except now it 's in a video game with street racing . Do n't be surprised to find yourself trying race over and over again . On the other side , the cars are pretty cool , and the city graphics are VERY slick , much better than even those in Vice City , Rockstar 's other famous title . Two-player is pretty nice , but I find the lack of games modes to be a train wreck ! This game is way better than the first MC , but it is NOT the best racer on the PS2 . Need for Speed Hot Pursuit is ! Overall , if you are a big fan of racing titles or big city environments , then you may find Midnight Club II worth your investment . Once you gain access to Paris and Tokyo , the game is awesome . Especially in Paris , the landmarks are everywhere , the graphics are some of the best in a racing game , and the cities become an all-out funfest to explore ! You wo n't hardly want to race anymore . it is very open-ended , much like GTA Vice City . My Rating-8 .9 !
 Wow , i was really looking forward to this game in the first place because i wanted to have a fun racing game , and i got exactly what i wanted . Right away you have a quick fun run with you partner throught the game Moses . He helps out through ur career mode and gives you new moves and good tips . The cars are fun to handle as you dont have to be too frusterated about hiting walls and stuff like that everytime . There are pedestrians roaming around , and lots of traffic at times . You can travel through LA , Paris , and Tokyo and there are tons of cars including a motorcycle . If you liked the fast and the furious or you like racing games , or you just wan na have fun with a great game , including the online feature so u can drag race online . Rent this game then buy it cuz your sure to like it .
 If you played the original MC and found it dull and boring , you 're not alone . The first Midnight Club simply stank , and was easily outclasses by even the most generic racers of its time.That said , Midnight Club 2 is not at all like its predecessor . For one thing , it 's fun . The roadways are numerous and vast , and there are lots of little corners where shortcuts can be found . In addition , the scenery is much nicer - the cities where the game supposedly takes place are disturbingly similar to the real thing -LRB- I live in Hollywood -RRB- . The amount of detail in the streets and that of the shops is incredible , considering that you do n't have to get out of your car -LRB- in fact , you ca n't -RRB- . Overall , it 's very close to Grand Theft Auto
 I typically love racing games , however , I have never played a game in that genre simply as thrilling as Midnight Club 2 . As an owner of Midnight Club , the original , I thought that that game did n't cut it for me . When I saw the previews for MC2 , though , I knew that I needed it.The game allows you to race in three different , massive international cities
 I 'm new to the PS2 world . I just got a unit because it was on sale and got this racing game because I thought it would be the only thing I could play with out using 12 buttons . As an over the hill game player -LRB- not quite 40 yet -RRB- I have to say I really enjoyed this racing game . The set up could be a little easyer , but I 'm sure if I was 16 it would be no problem . The grafix are so far ahead of any thing I played as a teen . I ca n't compare this to my Atari 2600 days . I have tryed a few other racing games , Grand Truismo3 , it was to hard to play , and not as much fun . With this game I really felt the sense of speed while driving on the high way and trying to manuvore the streets of L.A. I ca n't say it was like driving a real car , but the action was great . I even won a few races .
 I rate games 0-10 . This game getting 10 . The game includes cars which you street race against . You start out in LA , one of the 3 cities
 Being a big fan of street racing games I had to pick this one up the day it came out . Imagine a setting like Tokyo Extreme Racer Zero only times ten . Not only can you challenge people then race on freeways , you can exit those freeways and adventure all through the city streets , with pedestrians , stop signs , lights , trash bins and a load of other stuff to smack if your unlucky , all while being chased by cops , and trying to find the best routs through the city -LRB- s -RRB- to win against 1-6 other racers.The graphics are right up there with `` The Getaway '' , maybe better . The cars are not licensed , but they look exactly like fixed up Rx7 's , vipers , integras , civics , Fto 's ... you name it . This game has three HUGE cities , L.A , Paris , and Tokyo . I have yet to see Tokyo , since you have to earn your way to the next city , starting in LA , then to Paris , then Tokyo . What is great about this game is the motivation to play , every time you win a race either a new car or a new upgrade gets added to the game ... If you get sick of racing , you can always roam around the city to learn the streets , show off your car , ect ... when your ready to race , your map has indicators of potential oppents , to flash your lights at and challenge ... then its on !! The music is great too , with the option to change through a variety of tracks or have it off . You can also turn off the voices of the other racers -LRB- they get annoying , especially those from east LA -RRB- . Once you earn better cars and the motorcycle , learning to control your car is important , like how to powerslide , use weight transfer while in the air , or when its safe to hit the nitrous button . I should warn some people , because this game is hard ... but if your up for a challenge and love street racing , dont hesitate to get this game .
 yo this game is the bomb i like it so bad i hope if they make mc 4 they better make it with people going for aride with you and a you can come out of your vechile and talk to people on the side of the street and i hope they make it with more places to go like calaforinia and somewhere in the carribean like jamaica and the small islands of st eustatius saba st maarten curacua bonaire aruba peurto rico and nederlands .
 This was the game that made ROCKSTAR a house-hold word in my opinion . Smooth playability , seamless loading and action , non-stop racing fun . The first weekend I owned Midnight Club Racing II , I started playing around nine , and when I looked up , the morning sun was peeking through the window ! Career mode allows you to save each car you win by completing a battle with some of the best street racers in the world , all the while moving from city to highly detailed city . Wind your way to a rooftop in Paris , and marvel at an illuminated and beautiful Eiffel Tower as you ignite your nitrous boost and fly across the skyline ! Smash your way through dusty piles of human skulls in the city 's underground burial catacombs ! This is racing like you have never seen .
 This game is a great racing game and is alot of fun to play . At first you get stuck with really crummy cars that are like driving a tank , but than as you win a few races the cars get much faster and much better . The best part is racing with the Motorcycle as it is so much fun to use ! Nothing like speeding around your competition 's cars on a crotch rocket ! The controls are pretty smooth and super easy to use . Try not to use nitro on a turn , that is a bad idea!The graphics on this game are pretty good especially for when the game was made . The game is fast paced and tons of fun , although some of the characters can be quite annoying . My only complaint with this game is that it can get quite hard for persons like myself who are not regular gamers . This can be quite annoying at times , especially when you are doing unordered races.You should definately pick up this game , I bought it and I dont regret it at all . You wont regret it either .
 One of my favorite racing games of all time ! Too many races and options too list here ! Not too hard but still a challenge on some races . Excellent game !
 yo this game is the bomb i like it so bad i hop e if they make mc 4 they better make it with people going for aride with you and a you can come out f your vechile and talk to people on the side of the street and i hope they make it with more places to go like calaforinia and somewhere in the carribean like jamaica and the small islands of st eustatius saba st maarten curacua bonaire aruba peurto rico and nederlands .
 Midnight Club 2 is a very good car racing game . If you ever played NEED For Speed Underground you would find it is a lot better.You get very good cars and tracks too.But it is a little hard for gamers who are not pros.It will take you about one week to beat the whole game if you mare a pro.If you are not a pro it will take about three weeks to beat.If you have a Xbox it is also good as well .
 THIS GAME IS AWSOME . ITS GRAPHICS ARE CRAZY . ANYONE WHO LIKES RACING GAMES SHOULD CONSIDER THIS GAME . I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT
 Love this game , the racing is very cool , effects are awesome . The only downside is not much availabe in the way of two player fun .
 Midnight club 2 is great for people who like cars . The graphics in this game are incredible compared to other games . This game keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout every single level .
 This game by Rockstar -LRB- grand theft auto , state of emergency -RRB- is the sequel to a game I hear about mabye 3 times . When Midnight Club 1 was around im pretty sure thats when Burnout came on the scene , and Burnout looked spectacularly better . However this game is extremely fun , and yet frustrating.You street race . There is an incredible likeness to `` The Fast and the Furious '' . You can do nitro , which basically looks like fast and furious , and feels pretty cool too as you watch the scenery speed by you . You street race by picking cars to race with . I do not know the difficulty of any of the cars , so when you start up a series of races -LRB- with saves in between -RRB- you honestly do n't know what your getting into . I did this race with this guy called Victor on the first area , and was sorely beaten , but eventually found a way to knock him off his high horse for his car . It can be frustrating , doing a race several times just to memorize the map . You usually do n't have time to look at your map and stay focused , so you will probably play a mission about 5 times until you get the hang of it . Then there are stupid mistakes that you do and the AI wont do . Like miss a turn , which screws you out of the checkpoint , which will make you lose the race . Or hitting a car and losing the lead . The AI never misses the turn , have usually 2 different set routes , and sometimes will screw you bad . Once I was about to win and one of the enemies pulled in front of me , stopped his car , and didnt move for a bit . I noticed all the other racers passed me easily . Then there are the people you race against . They are extremely annoying , constantly telling you stuff about how your driving is terrible or how you need to stop doing something before they get `` mad '' . I raced against this guy called Angel , he kept saying stuff through the whole match . I get second place , he gets 7th and he STILL says I am terrible at the end . Even if you beat your opponent but lose to one of the other racers , your opponent will tell you all this stuff about how much you ... I just wan na nail them into a gas pump and watch them explode over and over again . Then once you win you get their car.Ok so besides the campaign , theres other modes . Arcade mode , which lets you cruise around the environments you 've unlocked , and battle mode , which has detonate or capture the flag . They alright . You can not customize cars in this game , or build your own levels . I would of had so much fun building a straight track that goes for about a quater mile , with other cars lined up watching me race my sister . However , all you can customize are races , and things during the race . Weather , traffic , and daylight . You can set traffic to low , but it still isnt a clear path . Theres online play , which I do n't have the card to play it , so I do n't know what it 's like.So you wan na know what I think ? The game is fun , cruise around . Go do some battle mode . Make a race and see how you do . No high scores or anything , but hey , you 're here for the adrenaline rush . The game definetly has that , and makes me feel like im in that movie fast and the furious .
 This is the best racing game I have ever played , all though I rate it down because you cant enhance ur car engine or paintjob I rate highly otherwise . Hours of great gameplay , graphics are the best sound great.Controls perfect . This game is worth every penny .
 So you wa n't an honest review on this , not what a bunch of websites have said , allright , I feel you , firstly , there is no real licensed cars in this game , just replications , they could n't get the licenses due to the street racing , and whatnot , do n't worry about it , you wo n't notice it , the minute you slide this disc in your ps2 , you know your in for something , when the rockstar label washes by , anyways , picture , fast and the furious , with a good storyline mode , huge cities , motorcycles that rely on balance and tecnique , skills , you wo n't be mastering them in a half hour , or a day for that matter , the levels are all VERY challanging , and exciting , the sense of speed is off the hook , you can not put this down , the minute you put it in the player , sit back , enjoy , so far i 've beaten 20 % of the game , and you race against challangers all the time , so it 's never the same people twice , you race them for there pink slip , and win there ride , then it belongs to you , all the rides have diffrent attributes , and all levels utilise them diffrently , with the cars you have nitros , you just hit l2 ... with the motorcycles , you got ta hold down l1 , and balance your wheel up , into a wheelie , and it gives you krazy speed , basically , this is the BEST racer i 've ever played , and i 'm from the old school , i 've played them all , this is an arcade racer , through and through , and online , you got ta get in , either way you take it , single or online , tell me this is n't the best racer you 've ever played , I mean , your racing against four cars , against traffic , with nitro , ghetto bird helicopters , krazy music , sound effects , and get this , if you slam into a wall more than oh say , three times , it 's over , restart , it 's like a real race , you got to stay with the pack , that to me is the best , you will LOSE if you hit walls , you need to be SURGICAL , allright , i 've said enough , in closing , this is the best PS2 Game out right now , and it ` sa Classic , BUY IT , i 'm OUT ~ Cellio
 This game is off the hook . You will love this game . Race others and kick a $ $ and also get your a $ $ kicked . There are no cons in this game is excellent . I you buy this game I must tell you that when you are on the Paris track you actually feel like you are in Paris . You alsom pass real places that are in Paris like the `` Vasusha Vecoke '' I know I have been to Paris . Same for La and Tokyo nad Los Angeles.The night setting gets you all in the mood . With choices to choose for music for Jewl to 50cent . you will absolutly love it . The interductoion was amazing . Like I said this game is the nizzle fashizzle
 This game has to be the best one I have played in a very long time . I am not too much into video games but I have always enjoyed racing games . I would have to say that Midnight Club 2 can be addicting to a point , but once you have to keep repeating the race in order to place first it can be very , very frustrating . I have been playing it on and off for several months and have only completed 40 % , so I still have a ways to go . Thoroughly entertaining , music can get annoying , but you can turn it off . The other drivers comments also become repetitive and annoying , but once again they can be silenced through the audio option . Buy it you wo n't be disappointed .
 first of all this game is the bomb.the first time i played it was at my frnds house and i liked it so muh i bought it the next week.i am not done with it yet but i will be soon.it is a very hard game but worth the time and money.after you complete a difficult race you get all happy inside.if you like racing games its a must buy for you.and my advice is that you should get this game right away.i mean it get up and go get it .
 This was horrible.It was borining there was n't much fun.The game may look fun but it is n't rent it FIRST!Graphics arent good.No good game modes .
 In Midnight Club II you are an elite , next-generation illegal street racer , racing through the cities of Paris , Los Angeles , and Tokyo . Filled with pedestrians , vehicles backing out of driveways , benches , lights , parking meters , trash , and other municipal properties and lots more . If you have played the first midnight club you should have found it rubish.This new midnight club is a whole new racing experience with moterbikes driving aroun living enviroments with vechiles backing out of drive ways benches parking meters and lots more . Wth shortcuts all over the place winning should be pretty easy ? yes . No the opponents you have to race also take these shortcuts insane jumps and also get hit by obstacles , just like real life.With the new story mode it makes it like toca race driver but more fun . The graphics are a hell of alot better and with the new online playng makes it that bit more fun . When on the bikes the crashes are HOt , like gta vice city your health goes down -LRB- new feature , health -RRB- but the crashes are HOt HOT HOT HOt crashesi reccomended every one to buy it .
 I loved the first Midnight Club and I can not wait for this one . It 's main feature is online play , which if executed correctly , could make the series as hot as GTA .
 this is an awesome game . U do street races in L.A , Paris and Tokyo . There are over 30 vehicles including 3 different motorbikes . Each vehicle has it 's own attributes as acceleration , speed and control . U can change their colur so they suit u better . There are several race leaders in each city that wan na take u on . once u have defeated each race leader 's races -LRB- there are about 2-3 for each one -RRB- they give u a new vehicle.There is multiplayer fun that allows u to cruse around the city and muck around with ur friends , multiplayer racing and games such as Capture the flag and Detonator . MC2 also has the ability to go on-line with the Online Network adapter so u can have mindless hours of fun with strangers -LRB- preety cool , ha ? -RRB- As this game is made by Rockstar -LRB- the creators of GTA -RRB- it has intense driving game play , controls and invoroments . There are also Nitrous Oxide Boost System that each vehicles has the ability to use , some of them having more than others . . U can also unlock more special features as u go along like In-air controls , Burnout , Slipstream turbu and 2-wheel driving . One not-so-good thing about this game that I think some gamers wont like is its difficulty . The game is really , really difficult to complete but very addictive that will have u coming back for more ...
 As an adult gamer with only a precious few hours a week to play - I 'm usually looking for games that are easy to pick-up and do n't require a 100 hours to master but still fun.I love arcade racing games , not realistic sims . MCII definitely falls in the arcade class - too much at times . This game is easy to get started on , right to the fun . No time wasted on qualifying and tricking out your car . The PS2 controls are easy and work well . Every one here complaining about the control is either on a different platform or did n't play the game long enough to win other cars . Every car has subtle differences in their handling . Like any good racing game , good cornering takes practice . Cars like the Vortex can fly around a corner at top speed , while most will spin out if you do n't slow down a bit . The usual cornering technique of letting off the gas as you enter the turn and then punching it as you straighten out works fine.In a nutshell , I love to hate MCII . The career mode is completely linear so you have to win one race -LRB- only first place is good enough -RRB- after the next to advance , win new cars , and unlock Paris , then Tokyo . This is very frustrating since if you get stuck on any race , there 's not much you can do about . You can look for shortcuts -LRB- or look them up -RRB- but even taking the shortcuts is far from a guarantee you will win unlike SSX . The shortcuts are often difficult to navigate themselves and half the time you 're better off leaving them alone . Every race takes several trial runs to learn the course . Since the whole game is dark -LRB- well , it is called ` Midnight ' Club -RRB- and the graphics are a bit pixilated , many corners and routes are difficult to make out from any distance . It 's better to use landmarks like signs or count intersections to remember where to turn . Many races you can follow another car and then past them in the final stretch with a boost.Once you unlock Tokyo , LA and Paris will be a joke , not only because you will have much better cars , but the difficulty increases significantly for Tokyo.My biggest complaint with the game is the AI . There is one primary opponent and several red shirts . This is not you against several other racers . This is several other racers against you . The red shirts will do everything they can to take you out . They will blatantly team-up against you and crash into you , especially at the start . You will be driving along at top speed when from out of no where another racer or cop car will spear you from a side street . Not very realistic since I do n't think real street racers would sacrifice their own chances for another racer . It 's believable that a car alongside you would attempt to spin you out , but not such blatant spearing . This is what makes the game so frustrating since you can have a perfect run going and from out of no where , bad luck ruins your race . Of course , civilian cars are always strategically positioned to be in the worst possible place for you but the computer cars will just whip right past them.At the upper levels , the computer cars are basically riding on rails . They will never miss a turn even at top speed . The best strategy in my opinion is to get the jump early and try to block or wreck gaining cars.With all aforementioned negatives , this game is very addictive . You will want to keep trying until you win a race . Then you will want to check out the next race . I 've never played this game multi-player but it seems like it would be a great two-player game.If you like arcade racing games and just want to get playing , this is a good game . If you like customizing your car with winnings and what not , leave this title alone .
 The best racing game I have ever played . The realism of the cars and the handling are unreal . You can tell , if your into cars , what the game cars are in real life . For example , the Citi and Citi Turbo are both Honda Civics and the Stadt is a new Mini . This has got to be my favorite game of all time , beating out GTA Vice City . So buy it now , or rent it . Whatever shifts your trans . By the way , I 'm 15 . I just did n't want to do that other longer review .
 amine menadlii have played this game many times i did not even get board of it a rate this game ten out of ten the graphics has some amazing features you can see like the neww susuzi moterbike.thank you for listining to my view
 I did n't like Midnight Club 1 too much . Then my friend told me that Midnight Club II was better . I went to the store and brought it . I loved it . It 's way better than the first one . The graphics are real good . There are different game modes to choose from , like Career Mode , Online Play , and Capture The Flag . There are 3 places in the game
 This game is obviously another addition to the genre of dark street racing games , complete with a soundtrack of odd songs I 've never heard of . The actual gameplay is okay , and the controls are straightforward . Here is an objective pros and cons list : Pros : Graphics are clean and crisp , and animations are on parsounds/soundtrack is also well doneThe cities are immensely detailedOverall good cruise replay valueCons : Sometimes the use of the analog sticks becomes clumsyWhere are the cops in cruise mode?There is limited interaction with your environs , unless you count the obligatory knocking over of light poles and phone booths . I would 've liked to have seen some more explodables , jumpables , and spectacular camera angles for all.Overall a good solid racing game , and I would recommend it for those who like street racing games .
 In this game , you play as an illegal street racer . After finding another racer , you have shine your bright lights or `` beams '' at them . They will them lead you on a maze to the race spot . The first race may be anything from a checkpoint and time limit race to racing other racers to checkpoints . If you win the first race , there is usually one or two more races with the same person . After you beat them , you will receive their car . Each car is supposed to be an upgrade of the one you had before.As far as gameplay , graphics etc. the game looks really good . Some may say that the cars are n't as good as they could be , but then they must have huge standards . The physics are very good . There are three maps
 WOW!I COULD GO ON FOR HOURS TELLING U ABOUT THIS GAME , BUT ILL CUT TO THE CHASE.THIS GAME IS AWESOKME THE GRAPHICS ARE GREAT.THE TRACKS ARE FUN -LRB- JUMPING OVER BUILDINGS AND STUFF !! -RRB- . AND IF YOU WANT A STRAIGHT MORE FAST AND THE FURIOUS TRACK U CAN CREATE YOUR OWN !! PLUS IT ONLINE.I WOULD GIVE IT 100 STARS IF I COULD !!!
 If I only had one word to describe this game , it would be
 This game is extremely fun . I rented it and I immmediately fell in love with it . Cutting edge graphics , all the cars you could dream about , motorbikes , the whole shebang . I did find this game very challenging , i mean really hard . Most of this was very real , the burnouts were really cool , and once you get to Tokyo you got your work cut out for you . Not everyone will like this , its more of a style game than an everybody game . Rent it first , but if your like me and you like these kind of games , then you could buy it . Its defnitely a better racing game than GTA
 Wow , i was really looking forward to this game in the first place because i wanted to have a fun racing game , and i got exactly what i wanted . Right away you have a quick fun run with you partner throught the game Moses . He helps out through ur career mode and gives you new moves and good tips . The cars are fun to handle as you dont have to be too frusterated about hiting walls and stuff like that everytime . There are pedestrians roaming around , and lots of traffic at times . You can travel through LA , Paris , and Tokyo and there are tons of cars including a motorcycle . If you liked the fast and the furious or you like racing games , or you just wan na have fun with a great game , including the online feature so u can drag race online . Rent this game then buy it cuz your sure to like it .
 this is definite improvement from its predecessor ... the graphics were improved dramatically and the physics of the car ... the only gripe i had was interest level . . same with the first , i got bored after a few hours of gameplay . . it got too repetative and predictable ...
 I 've been playing this game for awhile and I have to say that its the most addicting racing game I 've ever come across . You can race in a ton of different vehicles ranging from a simple Civic to a totally tricked-out Aston-Martin . The marathon-length races are a huge plus in my book and I actually enjoy the computer voices talking trash while you 're trying to concentrate . The only problem I 've had with the game so far is that the computer players get unbelievably hard after you leave Los Angeles and the number of obstacles is exhausting . But its a great game to play when you wan na escape the rules of `` real-life '' and you have an urge to jump off a ramp and soar halfway across a city at 300 + mph .
 I have the game on the PC , and it is awsome ! I 'd advise many to buy this game . It is especially fun with multiplayer ! You race through towns , can run over walking pedestrians , crash , and speed through town while energetic music pumps through your speakers . It is also fun in single player mode , where you can go through different levels doing differnt missions . Well go and buy it , and try it out for yourself , and in the end , you 'll never get enough of it!I hope you like my reviews , you can see more of them at Imovie.com!Gentle _ Goddess
 when it comes to illegal racing , MC2 has got it all ! I wish you could customize your car , but its still looooaaads of fun . Need for Speed Underground is OK , but it 's not too realistic -LRB- except for customization -RRB- . In MC2 , the nitrous boost actually gives you a boost , and you 're also free from restricting `` boundaries '' -LRB- the red & white striped walls -RRB- . Best racing game ever . Period .
 This game is much better than the first one . It has three huge cities , and plenty to do . It 's definately the best street racing game available , despite the ridiculous soundtrack . It sounds like bad techno that was put together by a 15 year old kid on his computer . The graphics are very impressive , and the cars have very good control , especially the bikes . You wo n't believe it the first time you drive one . This game is a lot of fun , but be sure to put on your favorite cd instead of listening to the radio in your car , you do n't want the bad music to effect your driving .
 Midnight Club 2 is one of the best games I ever played . It has everything from raceing in career mode to just cruising with your friend . The game is also very realistic . You can shift gears like a real car . It is very fun to play .
 this game is the best.i been playing it for weeks.the grapics are so cool.the only car i hate is the citi.it is slow.it has anice design.but there are nicer cars than that .
 This game is off da hook , you 'll never get bored of it . first you start off with an okay car but if ure good at otha racing games it 'll be easy to beat the first race.then you 'll win more and more cars as u win more races also unlock cool tricks , this game has really good graphics , not -LSB- poopy -RSB- ones like other games , This game is thrilling and exciting , when u lose you 'll wan na keep going cuz u want to beat the guys who are making fun of you when they 're in da lead and ure NOT , BUY THIS GAME !!!!! IT IS THE BEST ! The first time i tryed it i thot it was great ! so do as i tell you
 MC2 is the best Street Racing game ever . It is extremely addicting and fast paced . Hitting the NOS is one of the biggest adrenaline rushes I have ever had in a videogame . The Career Mode allows you to compete with other street racers for slips . It is slightly open ended as to the order of which racer you face but other than that it is pretty linear . This game is extremely difficult because of the need for flawless racing . The AI is flexible in that they become harder when you race well and if you are far behind and racing poorly they will ease up slightly and allow you to catch up somewhat . The cars are sleek . My personal favorite model is the 1971 Bestia -LRB- musclecar -RRB- . The graphics are top notch especially with the sense of speed , particle effects , and car reflections . The controls are very tight.As far as downsides go this game has few but still should be noted . If you have a short temper I do not reccommend playing this game because you will become extremely frustrated when youre in first place at top speed and hit a bus just inches from the finish and lose because all of your opponents were right behind you . The difficulty level is extreme as i stated before especially if you face the racers out of order in Career Mode . The music is fine but nothing too great . It is a mix of Techno and Rap . Note
 This game is a very fun game . The cars are so cool and everythingis realistic ! It would of been cooler if they had a hummer in it.Here are the things that are good and bad about it.Good ,1 . There are tons of cool and realistic cars in it .2 . I like the missles and guns in it .3 . Much better than Test drive for PS2.Bad ,1 . The game is fun but after awhile your just like , I do n't feel like playing right now . But after a day when you play again it gets better . And then it does it like that , over and over .2 . If you are at a cool place thats hard to finf like a boat and you by accident fall off , they put you back to where you startedoff.Over all this is a GREAT GAME !!!!!
 Yo street racer ! This game is the best street racing game in the world now . You can race males and females from all different countries . You get to unlock many cars with all different types of stats . You also can unlock three types of areas -- L.A , Tokyo and Paris . If you like going fast , also choose this game because there are nitrous boosts , slick slam turbo , airborne controls , and many other custom moves . This game also works for any type of racing wheel . If you want a good racing game , choose this .
 Rockstar Games has a masterpiece on its hands with Midnight Club 2 . The graphics are spectacular , with amazing detail and effort put into the details and sights of the cities . With all the famous landmarks found in the cities , you begin to believe that your actually there.The soundtrack for the game is an electronica/trance festival -LRB- which includes 20 + tracks -RRB- , unparalleled by any game on the market , and includes notable artists such as Art Of Trance , and Felix Da House Cat.MC2 does have a complexity thats all its own , which forces you to examine your strategy and change it with each race . Mix and match different cars , and routes through the cities to beat your opponent , and add another car to your collection.The overall layout of the game interface is what gives the game its true versatiltiy . MC2 not only has its `` Career '' mode but Arcade , and Online modes , which can be a nice break in between your `` Career Races '' , allowing you to challenging a friend to a race -LRB- wether he 's sitting next to you or in another city -RRB- , capture the flag , or demolition , or if by yourself you can just cruise the cities in your favorite car.This game is definetley worth adding to your collection .
 This game is great . The cars are excellent and the career mode is really fun . The greatest thing i loved about it is the city accuracy . Paris really looks like paris . IT has the eiffle tower , the louvre , Notre Dame , this game is great . The best racing game ever .
 Finished Need for Speed 2 ? Craving more ? This is the ticket . Its slick , sharp , crazy , maybe even insane , but the one point I want to get across in this review is the sense of speed . Wow . No screenshot , not even a little movie off the internet can justify how much intensity there is here . Traffic . Cops . Pedestrians . Lights . Sharp turns . All at 172 mph . And the first time I hit L2 , I have never screamed `` HOLY ... ! '' with such joy so loudly.But If your like me , you read reviews to find out the dirt , the bad stuff , right?So , what 's bad about it ? The cars are all the same . They get faster the more you earn , and sometimes the handling varries , a little . But do n't expect to really be able to distinct one car from the next . It 's really hard . This is fine with me , I 'm one of those guys that wants to get his money back in difficulty after I blow 50 bucks on these things , but it is going to be daunting , especially once you get into Paris -LRB- I havent reached Tokyo yet ... -RRB- . The music is terrible . I mean really , what on earth were they thinking ? The genres certainly fit , techno and trance and hip-hop , but they are n't very good songs . And if your looking for the kind of depth Need for Speed offered -LRB- for an arcade racer anyways -RRB- , this will not have it.Still , the graphics are awsome , it 's a blast , motorcycles are just plain cool , it 's really fast , I love the city lights , you can make your own courses , its online -LRB- ! -RRB- , and there 's a reason I rated it 5 stars , there simply isi n't a better way to spend your 50 bucks right now in the video game racing world .
 What a surprise ! In December 2000 , Rockstar games released the worst car racing game ever , Midnight Club Street Racing . I bought it , and I hated it ! So , why did I buy Midnight Club 2 ? I dunno , but here 's my review : First of all , CHEATS ! MC 1 had NO cheats , and even that was a major let down . All cars , no damage , all cities ; something that MC 1 needed.Then , they have plenty of detailed , new modes . Battle mode , circuit racing , and online racing . Battle mode is fun for parties and friends , circuit racing is definitely a great feature , and online racing is excellent ; exciting , real , AWESOME!The cars are HANDS-DOWN the most detailed in any racing game . The engine sound , model , colors . And , do n't forget the best part ; three motorbikes in this game.The cities are 10 times better . 3-D everything , bigger , more landmarks , open highways ; this is your dream to race around without worrying about anything.The graphics are INCREDIBLE ! There are actually hills and ramps that MC 1 lacked . There are a million different cars , buses , and even trains !!! Another new and great feature is the music . You can choose the music , and sometimes it can be bad -LRB- like Los Angelos -RRB- but sometimes good music for street racing -LRB- like Paris -RRB- . Overall , this is great . It 's Vice City not on foot , with the cars of Auto Modelista . My 50 bucks spent was well worth it . ...
 This game is totally fun , it is really fun to do arcade mode with two people and play tag with your buddy , its really fun when you type int he bombs cheat , savethekids . The only flaw is you should be able to trick out your car , then it would be by far my favorite game .
 This game is tizight . Some levels are really difficult and takes a long agonizing time to beat , but every game I play I beat so this provided a challenge which is always great . Buy this game even if you do n't like street racing or racing .
 This game is sweet . The graphics are amazing , better than any other racing game lately . The career mode is pretty short , but really hard towards the end . The cheats are a must . You can have a lot of fun with 2 player . I rented this game , and I would 've bought it , but it 's too expensive . Buy it when it 's a greatest hit , cause it will be . Overall , this game is awesome !!!
 this game is so much fun any one who likes street racing should buy this game : - -RRB-
 This game rocks!The cars are cool , everything is cool.It is my favorite game.It reminds me of fast and the furious.The graphics are really cool.All my friends come over to my house and all they do is play it.The first time I used N.O.S I frecken screamed.And its not to easy.The first night I bought it i was almost up all night.The cars rock , especialy the ones in LA.There are jumps everywhere and you can go to famous landmarks.Don ' t not buy it cause of the first one , cause this is a lot different -LRB- thankfully -RRB- . And do not read the bad reviews cause those people are crazy.Just go out and buy it cause this is the best game ever !
 Midnight Club IIOnce you unlock the fastest car in the game , you will see what I mean.Pros
 I just got this game for my cousin as a present . I was debating with myself whether to get this game or some other ps2 racers . I 'm glad I bought this game for him because this game is DA BOMB . This game portrays the underground racing scene perfectly ... the 1st level , set in LA , made me feel like I had a souped up import racing around LA at night . And do n't listen to the `` editorial review '' , the voice acting is perfect . Absolutely perfect . The other racers -LRB- the ones you race -RRB- have perfect accents . A lot games ' racing characters -LRB- again , this is your opposition -RRB- have ` ethnic ' accents and linguistic mannerisms which are totally spot on -LRB- of course they 're a little bit stereotypical but its nothing any reasonable video gamer would find offensive ; in fact by Rockstar standards its quite mild -RRB- . If you liked either of the Fast and Furious movies even slightly or if you like racing games at all then this game is for you . Sure beats spending thousands of dollars on souping up your car , not to mention all the tickets you 'd end up getting .
 This is the game u want for the up comming summer , fast , fun , furious all together . Racing games all equal this when put together ! Without the game , you will be sorry to not even play it ! Funnest racing game i have ever played , even without a wheel and pedals you still roll like a pro . get this game and do n't be displeased
 This game will keep yu coming back for more because its so addictive . The graphics are the best , gameplay is the best , and the part in the game where you run away from the cops is the best , to anyone this game is for everyone
 ... online play ... it 's unbelievable !! Framerate is great , and I have n't seen any hiccups during play so far . Get some practice before you join online or you 'll get wasted .
 this game is everything u want in a race game . u get to race in three differnt place los angelas , is just one of them !!! dude if ure ganna get a game this totaly beats def jam the fighting game and need for speed hot persuit 2 . dude , , , , , , GET IT !!! : -RCB- ...
 There is not all that much change in the difficulty of questions , making it seem like the 4th edition , rather than a Kids edition , and still missing sound effects in the show that the 1st and 2nd edition games had , why did it 's publisher do that ? Aside from that this is a great game for all ages , and I like that you can get codes from the web-site for unlimited lifelines , and Regis seems a little more perked up compared to the 3rd edition . The fastest finger is like on the show , and question difficulty -LRB- compared to the show -RRB- is a little bit more on track for a change compared to past editions , and another good reason to get this game is IT PLAY 's IN FULL SCREEN !! About time ... the last few Millionaire games play the size of a post-card in the middle of your screen , for the hefty-price tags on these games , you should at least be able to read the questions ! Anyways this has to be the best edition in the series yet .
 Alright I 'm a big kid -LRB- over 30 , lol -RRB- , but do n't let the name `` Kids edition '' fool you . I just bought the game yesterday , played my first round this morning . Had to use 1 lifeline each on the $ 16,000 , $ 32,000 and $ 64,000 -LRB- saved 50-50 for last and still got it wrong -RRB- . This game is just as challenging as the other 4 , and should be owned by anyone of ANY age who who owns the other 4 games in the series .
 This is a wonderful cd-rom . My daughter and I have so much fun playing each other . She is learning so much . We played the one we have so much that is is scratched and she has begged me to order another one . I would recommend it to anyone .
 My kids love this game and I 'm happy that it has some good questions about school subjects in with the Britney Spears and that kind of thing . By wrapping it all in one product fun product , it 's not so obvious that they 're actually learning . Plus , Regis is as funny as ever - he even use kid-slang like ` da bomb ' - which is pretty amusing coming from him !
 I have this game and at first , I only got to $ 100 or $ 200 but now I can reach like $ 8000 or even more ! It is really really challenging sometimes . Sometimes it is scary when you answer a question that you are 99.9 % sure is correct and you wait and wait and you find out it 's wrong . I also do n't like when they say you are a `` cheater '' .
 This is a really fun game !! But some of the questions are hard ! When our relitives came to our house for Christmas , it took them probably at least several hours and at least two times starting over before they finally got it . I think the questions are aimed at kids that are about 10 , 11 . But still , this is a fun game . I would recommened it !
 Great for kids & adults . The Kids Edition brings you easier questions and more trivia for kids . Unlike the other versions , you answer questions about Music , Movies , Sports , Science , History , Games and more ! Climb up the ladder of alot of $ $ $ . Rating Who Wants To Be A Millionaire
 I love all of the millionair games , but they are just to hard . this should be better because the questions should be easier and made for kids .
 I played the demo on www.millionairekidsgames.com , and it seems like a very good game . I gave it a four but i might of gave it a five if I had the actual game . The only thing that I did n't like was that it was hard to hear the phone a friend . I really want to get this game , because I have always been a big Millonaire fan , and a big Regis Philbin fan . This game seems like one of these games that you play for more than a few months without getting bored . And Regis , that is my Final Answer .
 My kids played a demo of this game , and they would n't get off the computer ! They thought it was challenging , yet fun because Regis Philbin directs all his commentary to a kids audience.As a mom , it 's a safe product that actually has relevant trivia questions that compliments what they are learning in school . I plan to buy it when it comes out for my kids since it 's not that expensive .
 This game is extrememly popular in my house -LRB- kids 2 , 5 , 7 , 10 -RRB- with both the kids and their grandparents . The whole gang will hang out by the computer and work as teams .
 In this day and age , it 's important to find games kids can play either by themselves or with the whole family . `` Millionaire '' is just that game . It 's fun and informative and appropriate for many ages of kids . Unlike other CD-ROM games , you wo n't get bored with this game quickly as it has a lot of questions to keep you playing for a long time . Perfect as a gift or just as something to do with your children .
 Come on ! I won at leat 7 times since I was 6 ! I 'm still waiting for my 7,000,000 ! You guys think it 's hard ? Sheesh ! Grownups are so dumb , and gullible , and have no taste in music . -LRB- KIDZ BOP -RRB-
 i suggest that you order this game on cd-rom ! I think this is the best game ever made in this world.I have it foor everything except the computer and board game!I have the hand held game of this.I watch it on t.v every time it comes on.WEll get this !
 I just bought a Wii and did not have a GameCube so I bought these controllers to use for GC games . The work great from anywhere in the room and unlike the WaveBird they vibrate if that matters to you . Also , you get 2 for the same price as 1 WaveBird . I 've played several games with them so far and they are perfectly accurate and the batteries are n't out yet -LRB- I have vibration turned off -RRB- . Also , they say `` mini '' but I have large hands and they are not too small for me at all , about the size of PS2 controllers .
 Small size , easy to hold , even for adult hands . Stores easily , functions well . Great price
 Bought this unit for my Grandson . I dont play . I watched him use the system right out of the box , -LCB- after he installed 2x2 AA Bats . I must say i was impressed at how agile and skilled he was playing Maden Football . The wireless was clean and unclutered . The best part was the price from Amazon Partner , fulfillment solutions . Highly Recomend ! Hope this helps future buyers .
 The product was what I payed for although I had some trouble figuring out how the controllers worked since there was no instructional booklet . Overall it works pretty well .
 My son has been using these remote controllers for over a year and has enjoyed them very much . He can sit upright on the couch -LRB- versus slouching on the floor in front of the TV -RRB- and they work just fine .
 I bought these to go with my sons WII . I had previously purchase 4 controllers from gamepro and gamecrazy 2 from each . All of them fell apart , by this I mean buttons would n't work and the joystick portion started coming loose on all 4 of the others . My son has been using these for a while now and we have not had a single problem . Only thing I noticed was that when putting new batteries in the controller you have to make sure the two wire pins dont get bent . But this is easily fixed and not a problem at all considering the quality of the overall controller compared to the previous ones we have had.UPDATE :8 / 24/09 They Lasted about a year but Both controllers have finally made it to the trash . I contribute this mainly to my sons extremely heavy abuse , by this I mean he is always dropping them on the floor
 Considering it would cost you more than twice as much to buy two Gamecube Wavebird controllers , these controllers are a steal . They work great and I have never had a problem with them . The connect every time and have n't had a problem with using both of them at once.I also like the smaller size of the controllers . For people that think these controllers might be too small , do n't worry as I have big hands and they fit perfectly.Would recommend buying these over buying 2 wavebirds .
 These are great and work well with my Wii for playing Gamecube and Virtual Console games . The only thing you might want to keep in mind is that unless you turn the Wii completely off -LRB- so it is n't in standby anymore -RRB- , the LEDs on the controller receivers will keep on blinking forever and might be a little annoying . Also , sometimes the first controller I pick up will initially connect to the second receiver , so I have to switch the controller 's power on-and-off to get it to reconnect to the first one .
 I love these controllers ! They get rid of the chords and when you have kids and animals that is a major plus !!! No more dog chewing on the chord , no more cat laying on the chord and freedom to sit where ever you want to play your favorite games . AWSOME !!! Oh yeah and my kids like it too .
 No more wires to trip over!As long as the batteries are fresh , these work very well and the kids love them -LRB- although I think it is because of the `` turbo '' feature which allows them to really beat me good in their favorite family games ! -RRB- . If you hate tripping over cords as I do , this is a very good item to have !
 Falsadoom , The Shadow of Death DOES work with Armagedon ` sBlade . Run a defrag program or format your drive , because this is agreat add on and the $ 10 rebate accounts for the high price tage with repect to previous owners of Heroes 3 . This is one of the most fantastic fantasy/stratagy games ever produced and it is a shame that one might post such an impulse review without first considering other possible causes for their concerns .
 With HoMM3 : AB , I found that I enjoyed that expansion pack but it did n't really keep me interested as much as this one does . On HoMM3 : SOD , there was not only a more sinister plot throughout the campaigns , but you are able to pick the difficulty level of the campaign - a sorely missing feature , previously . True , the Elemental Conflux town type is absent from this -LRB- which was stupid to remove -RRB- , and there really are no new creatures . That hampers the game . However , the ability to combine several artifacts to make a super-powerful one adds a nice touch . I found that picking up a bunch of random artifacts in previous games became tedious , but now it 's worthwhile finding some of the less-powerful ones just to assemble something that makes your hero supercharged . Is it worth the money , even with the rebate ? I ca n't say it is unless you really enjoy the HoMM3 series . If you are a fan , then the new campaigns and features should keep you rather entertained .
 HOMM 3 is an addictive turn-based strategy game for die-hard fantasy addicts and non-addicts alike . The Shadow of Death game is a no-brainer pickup if you have n't yet picked up HOMM 3
 Although it would have been an added bonus to include a new town , units , or heroes ; the Shadow of Death provides seven superior campaigns that allow one to adjust the difficult on a scenario-for-scenario basis and an additional 38 stand-alone scenarios to challenge the most enthusiastic strategy gamer . The combination artifacts and terrain tiles add a tremendous amount of variation to the to the original . In fact , the original HOMM 3 is included , as is a $ 10 rebate for purchasers of the original product . 3DO quickly resolved the SOD-AB compatibility problem and with the two together , the fantasy strategy gamer has the best game ever produced for this segment of computer gaming industry . The modifications to the campaign and scenario editors will enable one to create or soon download a vast array of scenarios and campaigns . Do n't be dissuaded from buying this spectacular gaming experience !
 I just got the game and have n't been able to stop playing . There are tons of great new senarios and new terrains to add to your gaming experience . This is a must have for HOMM fans and a great addition to your collection for those of you who have never played the any of the previous additions . The addition of the ten dollar rebate makes the overall price a great value .
 Once again they have made a very enjoyable game here . More campaigns and adventures . Same great game . Better graphics . Very fun . Fun for the whole family .
 I enjoy playing this game . `` It 's a never want to stop playing a kinda of game '' . I would reccommend to all others that are interested in these kind of games !!!!
 this game is fun you go around fighting creatures like arch devils , pegisi and piksmen i always do multi player . one of the cool features is the fact that you can battle other players and you can ALSO be yor friends buddy in the game and you can both battle the computer . one of the best scenarios is battle of the sexes . If there is one game i would reccomend tol a friend it would be heroes three the shadow of death
 Ever since I stared attending my granddaughter 's softball games about three years ago and became emotionally involved -LRB- ! -RRB- with the action , I have thought a softball game for the PC would be neat ! Finally , I found Sammy Sosa Softball ! Its a lot of fun just to let the computer take charge of both teams and sit back and watch ! The heckling and chatter sounds realistic ! Its fun to make up your own teams and you have a lot of options to choose in doing so . You can make a slim attractive girl or a huge , fat fellow ! It would be nice if you could import your own team logos for the shirts as there are just a limited number of these and none of them very attractive . I would also like to see umpires during the games and the ability to view the batter from behind the pitcher . Other than that , I love this game ! If you 're a softball nut , try it ! It 's fun !
 I have n't actually played the game , but I 've heard very good things about it . I also know I 'll like it because I like monsters Inc. and I REALLY like Disney Interactive games .
 Sometimes , even Monsters need a break ! When players join one eyed Mike Wazowski for a action packed game of bowling , they wo n't want to stop playing . The game also has great graphics and two difficulty settings-Scary and Horrifying.In order to make a strike , you 'll need to guide your ball . Obstacles such as ramps and pinball style bumpers are all over the bowling alley , so be careful ! You can also collect cool power-ups , like one that can make your ball explode upon impact with the pins.I had SO much fun while playing this thing , and I think anyone who liked the movie will have a blast with this . I really hope Disney will make arcade games as good as this one for some of their other movies , like `` The Emporer 's New Groove '' .
 It is not an easy game at first . But who wants to win a game right out of the box . Once you get the knack of using the arrow keys to move around the obstacles , it is lots of fun . I am actually addicted . Ca n't wait to get home and start playing again .
 I like this game , even though I lost this first bizillion times
 This is a very fun game with an appropriately challenging level for all ages . The beginner level is perfect for younger kids who do n't know all the moves , while the more advanced levels challenge the kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- who like to try sliding around corners and using the weapons . It 's not MarioKart , but almost as much fun . I did n't realize there is a `` goal '' to all the racing though . In MarioKart you get a trophy ~ in MS USA it 's not apparent what you get if you win all your races -LRB- we 've never really gotten that far -RRB- . But even without the rescue theme , it 's a fun racing game the whole family can enjoy .
 Mickeys Speedway USA on N64 is 10x better than Mario Kart 64 . It has better gameplay and tracks which makes it more fun . Sure it is Mickey and it is geared toward youger audiences but when it came out I was 18 and still bought it because I make my gaming decisions on gameplay . I miss this game and if I get a N64 this is in my top 5 list .
 Fun game for the old 64 system . Ours still works great so we are buying games for the kids to enjoy !
 My son loved playing this game . It is lots of fun . The shipment came promptly & there were no problems to report .
 KingBooPingo the ghost `` Boos rock and so does megaman X but yoshi sucks he 's racist and trys to be cute and we boos are cute Robots are Better than you humans-KingBooPingo '' is a jerk , that Mickey Mouse hater . I like this -LRB- I own it ! -RRB- and MAGICAL MIRROR . The bad reviews are Mickey Mouse haters . Stupid idiots .
 I am a big fan of raceing games . Micky Speedway U.S.A. is awsome . the grafics are a little weak but other than that it is wonderful . This game would n't be a good game for un-pationt people because it is very dificult . But if you like a challenge this game is for you
 When i first heard about Mickey 's Speedway USA I thought it would be some game just like all the other racing games . Actually , I was really suprised when I played it along with my cousins . I could n't put it down . Mickey 's Speedway USA is a great game . It 's really fun when you play it multiplayer . I think that 's the best part of the game when you play it multiplayer . The tracks are really fun as well . They are n't long and boring but short and challenging . The weapons are super . I think the weapons could be the greatest ever . The characters are great . Mickey 's best friends are dueling against eachother in this racing game . Each one has different attributes that makes it great . The only downside is that there are n't that many tracks so you just do the same ones over again . Other than that it 's a great game for all ages ! My dad even enjoyed it ! I definantly reccommend this game to anyone !
 This game wo n't blow you away like Hydro Thunder or Star Wars Episode 1 Racer or Beetle Adventure Racing , but it 's definitely worth adding to your collection . Modeled slavishly after MarioKart , Mickey 's Speedway lets you race as six different characters across 5 circuits and 20 tracks . Each of the characters has a handful of unique exhortations that can be quite amusing , and they all look cute tucked inside their tiny go carts . But the game is n't about Mickey and Donald and the others , it 's about racing , and to be honest the tracks are just plain fun to race . Simplicity reigns , and the graphics are phenomenal . Play control far surpasses that of MarioKart 64 , where the carts have an annoying tendency to skid and slide . Not that winning is particularly easy . Far from it . But with a little practice winning should n't be a problem . The game also features a time trial mode , an extensive options menu and a novel sort of practice area where players can accustom themselves to the different qualities of the different characters and their carts . Another nice surprise is the battle mode , where up to four racers can compete against one another in four arenas . UP TO FOUR . This includes ONE player versus three computer opponents , which is nice if you 're alone or if ... well , you have no friends . Not even the original MarioKart let you do that . So Mickey 's Speedway USA is a fun little game with plenty of attractions that will keep players of all ages busy for some time . A worthy purchase .
 All things considered , MSU is a pretty great game . The greatness lies in its simplicity . While Diddy Kong Racing was a fantastic game , it was a little `` busy '' for the gamer who just wanted to race . The track design , while not wildly original , is excellent . Tracks are suitably short -LRB- I HATE overly long tracks -RRB- and fit the spirit of the game perfectly . The weapon system is the best since the original Super Mario Kart on SNES , actually requiring strategy and not merely luck . Theres 's plenty of value here . Lot 's of tracks , a very good battle mode , good multiplayers racing . Also , this game is probably the best use of the Disney liscense so far . If you love Disney charcters , buy this game ! The voices are PERFECT , the animation is great ... Rare really captured the spirit of each character . When you earn the Taunt cheat , you 'll love shouting out in cartoon-speak at will . The graphics are smooth , especially in widescreen mode . The sense of speed in the pro level is very good . I think most gamers will really enjoy this game . It 's non-violent , fun , but ultimately requires great skill -LRB- you 'll need to learn the art of the * perfect * powerslide -RRB- to master . As a multiplayer game , it comes out ahead of Diddy Kong , with Mario Kart 64 as a distant third . Single player , I still think Diddy is the top of the crop , with Mickey in second . Of course , no one has yet matched the utter greatness of the original SNES classic ... Super Mario Kart ! This does come close , though ...
 This game is the best game I own ! If you thought that Mario Kart was the best game ever made , keep your pants on when you see Mickey 's Speedway USA . The graphics are absolutely amazing with the clarity and color being absolutely perfect . The graphics depict the true scenery of each city that the characters race through . The voices of all the characters match the ones you 've heard on tv and as a child and you 'll melt when you see how adorable they are . This game also needs skill for the harder level . It 's not an easy game where it 's an obvious `` beat '' . You must work towards saving Pluto , and it 's not as easy as you think it will be . This game will give you loads of fun and pleasure for the whole family . It 's a great gift , whether for someone you love , a friend , or for yourself . Enjoy the game !
 I absolutely LOVE this game . My 5 yr . old son got this for Christmas and we play it more than any of his other games . It 's great especially as a beginner to N64 , as he gets to practice using the controller alot , and it 's easy for him to understand . There 's minimal reading , he just has to choose a difficulty level , -LRB- and he 's learned to recognize the word `` amateur '' -RRB- and the course , which he can do by sight . The comments that the characters make , in their original voices , are really great . I think that they are so cute -- and we even fight over who gets to be which character !! Up to 4 people can play , or you can just play alone -- which I sometimes do after he goes to bed !! It 's kind of addictive -- and we LOVE IT !!
 Hi ! I actually thought this game was going to be bad because most of the Mickey games are for younger audiences . I was suprised at what Rare did to this game . The best way I can describe this game is if you take MarioKart and a little bit of Diddy Kong Racing you get Mickey 's Speedway USA . I have a little 3 year old girl and it 's safe for her to watch as well . If there is any close type sequel out there for MarioKart fans , it 's definitely MSU . By the time you get done playing this game , you 'll be saying Mario who ?? There are 3 levels to compete on
 This is a great title for those in search of a super kart game . Forget about Mickey mouse and buy this game . It feels like the real secuel to the fantastical Super Mario Kart more than Mario Kart 64 . Buy it now at ToysrUs at only fifty bucks .
 My children -LRB- ages 6 and 8 -RRB- and I found this game to be very enjoyable . My only criticism is that each of the racers have different racing qualities and that Mickey and Donald , in my opinion , have a distict advantage over the others . My kids loved it , however , and , when given a choice of what game to purchase , out of 3 racing games we had rented , chose it hands down .
 If you like racing games that are a bunch of fun , try Mickey 's Speedway USA . Choose from different Disney characters to race as . You can race in three levels
 The graphics are awesome , plus you get to tour the United States in this game . On some levels the tracks are a little confusing , but overall it 's great .
 When i first heard about Mickey 's Speedway USA I thought it would be some game just like all the other racing games . Actually , I was really suprised when I played it along with my cousins . I could n't put it down . Mickey 's Speedway USA is a great game . It 's really fun when you play it multiplayer . I think that 's the best part of the game when you play it multiplayer . The tracks are really fun as well . They are n't long and boring but short and challenging . The weapons are super . I think the weapons could be the greatest ever . The characters are great . Mickey 's best friends are dueling against eachother in this racing game . Each one has different attributes that makes it great . The only downside is that there are n't that many tracks so you just do the same ones over again . Other than that it 's a great game for all ages ! My dad even enjoyed it ! I definantly reccommend this game to anyone !
 The N64 version of Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine is a collector 's item , as there were only two ways to obtain it
 Loved this game ! Although keep in mind u need to buy a memory card for the n64 to play nubs tomb level !
 In this game you can play as either Bugs Bunny or Taz.It has jaw-dropping graphics , and a ton of detail ! The story is that Daffy Duck , who plays the role of an `` exterminator '' , Goes to the house of granny -LRB- the owner of Taz and Tweety -RRB- and is going there to `` exterminate '' a `` horrid monster '' -LRB- as granny says -RRB- Translation
 I 've already paid about $ 15 in rental fees for this game , and I have no regrets . This game is easy enough to jump right into and challenging enough to keep you at it . The animations are hilarious , as are our two heros . My favorite part of the game is that two players work together rather than competing , so its less stressful to play with sore losers -LRB- like me -RRB- .
 OK so i walk into a store one day and i see this game there over in the corner of my Wal-mart 's `` Bargain '' bin and i pass it by even though it 's only $ 19.99 because hey it 's bugs bunny and while i like the cartoon only the one Snes game ever done a good job with bugs and his buddies , But then i go and take a look for some reason at the review on IGN and i see it 's a two player so the next day i got the game and i was hoping it might be good , Well it was better then good it was just like playing a episode of the cartoon and at times you do forget this is a game with the silly things they do and the voices are the real voices of Bugs and others so you can get really into the game and just have fun and thats the key word fun because this game is short and at times easy but even though i had it beat in a weeks time i could care less i feel i spent my money well and i got every bit of it 's worth out of it , Now of course the puzzles are simple we are not talking Zelda or any thing here but some times they can make you stop and think a little bit and a lot of them prove team work is the only way to go because this game brings two player Co-op play to a new level on the Psx and it reminds me of lost vikings for the Snes , And levels are right out of the shows from vikings to Arabian ERA it 's all here and all fun . But this is a kid game in some way because i beat it fast but you know it do n't matter if it ' more for kids because bugs fans will eat this game up and maybe if you have a little sister or little brother they can take over Taz and you can be bugs and you can get them into the world of games and have fun at the same time . This my be one of my favorite games for the Psx because like chip 'n' dale for the Psx -LRB- Also a cartoon based game -RRB- It 's one of those games that has the magic about it.Gameplay 9/10 Well the first thing to remember is this is a loony tunes game and so everything is based around that , You have Bugs Bunny and his side kick Taz for this adventure and you must work together for example you have Taz stack boxes so bugs can jump high enough to use his ears to get across some puzzle , You come on a lot of these or some times you just have take one character through something to hit a button some thing but it 's always well thought out puzzles and some while easy can be hard just because of the timing like in the wind temple it 's easy to figure out but not to get it all timed out right so your jumps land on the wind right.Now the levels are well thought out and taken from the cartoons and have a loony sense of humor and you can jump on enemies then watch as they walk around squashed and then you can spin with Taz and get him or use a kick with bugs and later you can use carrots to hit people like a sniper scope and Taz learns a long spin and many other moves and you will use them all at some point in the game and some are just funny to watch like Taz making faces to scare enemies with . Then you have many games where you win gears for the time device -LRB- That is your mission get the time gem and the time gears -RRB- And you have to play games such as Soccer , Rugby , Basketball , Ice Hockey and all are two on two and i find myself playing them later just for fun -LRB- And extra lives -RRB- Then you games where you must remember what buttons to push like in the dancing game you have to remember what buttons they tell you and push them in the right order and you win a gear and you can also play in a ice skating and drum mini games of the same kind of thing and all in that loony feel to it and comes off very funny . Then you have mini games like Riding a dragon or a magic carpet ride and others of the kind and you will forced to go through it many times to grab all the gears and boxes and such , Now in a two player game one would fire off say coconut and the other `` drives '' the magic carpet and they do make these fun to do . Now it 's not really that hard to find every item in the game or hard like in say banjo kazooie but they to make it fun in place of that with lots of variety in gameplay and not making the levels to much alike or anything of the kind , And each character has his own weapons you can use like mallets -LRB- It 's fun to hit Taz with it and see him pounded into the ground and climb out or see bugs jump into a rabbit hole and dig around under ground . OK I have rambled on long enough but there is so much to this game in the little details and they add so much loony tunes things it 's amazing and all on co-op game that no other has passed on the Psx and in a 3D world -LRB- And no it 's not split screen but it still works out -RRB- . Overall it 's loony it 's toony it 's a laugh a minute.Graphics 8/10 Well OK they are not up there with other games in some ways but you know they are just right for this game and the cut scenes can look like they are right from the cartoons if not for being a little blocky and all , Why the first time you turn the game on and you see bugs there in full 3D and Taz sneaking up behind him you know this will be a good looking game and then as it starts out you have a little truck pulling up and the daffy hops out of it and the fun starts and at time like when all the animals are running away and bugs tries to get them to talk you think of the old cartoons those scenes was in at one point and how good they look now in 3D , The landscapes are good as well with good detail in the enemies most of all with some like the bosses looking really nice with count bloodcount or elmer and others , And the animations are done well like Taz and the things he does or the dancing scenes with bugs and Taz I could go on forever about the detail and how at times i just forgot i was playing a game and i thought it was a TV show on there . There is when times get really frantic a hint of slowdown but not enough to bother anyone at all . Overall i ca n't say enough good about these graphics and though not top of the line keep the loony feeling all the way and have a load time that is faster then any other game i know of on the Psx to boot.Sounds 10/10 OK i did think Metal gear solid had the best voice acting ever but i know now this game here does and the main reason is that i always loved loony tunes and these voices are just like them and i ca n't tell you how much it adds to have granny , bugs bunny , Taz -LRB- and his `` Talk '' -RRB- , Daffy and others in the game and there are a lot of time they talk and it really is fun and while it may not be dramatic like a MGS but you have a fun time < I > and < / I > it 's like listening to a episode of the show to have these voices in here , And them you also have the music that is also well with a light feel to it and fits the areas your in with a spooky theme for the Transylvania or the others and then all kinds of sound effects right out of the cartoons as well . Overall i ca n't any problems here i mean perfect voices and music that while not the greatest is very nice , Sound effects are well done what 's to complain about.Story 7/10 OK this will not win any awards but it does sounds like you would think any loony tunes episode would , First off daffy duck come to rid granny 's place of a vile monster a mean bad old rat > and in doing so lands on the time gem and destroys it sending him and all the gears to it through time and so granny has bugs and Taz go after him to get back all the gears put people back in the right time zones and save daffy and the time gem , And as you go on you meet up with elmer and bobba chop among others and the story unfolds and most times has daffy as the greedy little duck we all know he is . Overall it 's fun but not great but then thats all we need.Replay 7/10 OK first of all this game is way easy i mean i beat it in just a week and all but one gear is found and i rest at 99 % complete on it but you know i do n't mind because this is a fun game i like to go back and play the basketball over or any of the mini games there is here or to watch that loony gameplay , Now it 's even better with a friend as that 's how to get the most out of it and it 's funny to see Taz walk up and bite bugs then look over at your friend and tell a joke at him/her over it and the team work is fun . I 'm reminded of two games one being chip 'N' dale for the nes i played that game for years and even now i play it some because even though it was easy after the first couple of times the fun factor come into play and i just let go and had fun and i had not seen a game of that type since then and then i see this game here a fun romp and i think it may have years of replay as well , The second game is Lost vikings for the Snes that made team a must to win and this is the same and i say that adds replay value having to work together because of the fun in it . Overall it 's easy but fun , And i think if you have a kid or two in the family they will go crazy over this and play it for hours but i do know it will be played a lot.BUY or RENT ? Buy . OK first off this game is cheap so you will not lose much if you do n't play it a lot but i say you will play it a lot , Also if you like loony tunes get this game without a second thought of it even or if you have a kid in the family maybe they would like it even
 About the only down side to this game is the occassional bad camera angle . Other than that - this game is pure gold ! The two-player interaction between Bugs and Taz is great . My daughter and I are finally able to play a game together , and we both love it . The graphics are top-notch and there are tons of mini games throughout that keep the action moving . What we really liked also was the built in hints section . No more having to search the web to find out how to complete a level . Most levels are n't very hard for adults anyway , but there are one or two times during the game when you 'll need the help . The camera angles are only a minor annoyance . There are n't really any cliffs to fall off of or hard jumps to make , so this is really no problem . Do n't let anyone tell you different - this game is pure magic . Many of the genres and characters from the Warner Brothers cartoons are all here . I 'm almost 40 but playing this game with the kids sure brings back memories of the old cartoons on Saturday mornings . Get it - it 's a steal at any price !!! If you liked Bugs Lost In Time - this one 's twice as good .
 This game was one of the most interesting games I 've ever played . You get to be Bugs and Taz . They both come in handy for different reasons . There are about 5 different era 's of time where Taz and Bugs go back into and try to track down Daffy , greedy as ever who is trying to steal the gem stone for Granny 's time traveling machine . It 's a great game , much better than you think it will be . Buy it if you get the chance !
 this is a good plase to shop i got the itam way befor they sad that i will have it
 Came early as expected . My son love this game . I recommend this game . Have a nice day . Take care . Thanks .
 I know this game is a older game and the graphics are n't up to date , but the game is alot of fun to play .
 I do n't know what these other people are talking about who rated this game poorly . They must be from Iowa and would n't know a tube from a corn stalk . If you 're a surfer you 'll love it . The dual shock controler is like your feet surfing . Off the lips , roundhouse cutbacks , perfect glassy 6-12 days and I 've only had the game 1 day . If you have a long flat spell this definately one way to keep the juices flowing .
 This is a great game at 20 bucks . Many people give it a low standard probably cuz they dont know how to play and dont want to learn . This is a high consider for all ps2 gamers or at least for me
 Once again , Rockstar has instilled realistic gameplay into an arcade-style game . Being a surfer myself , I was amazed at the realism in the shape , motion , and characteristics of the waves , and how that was different with each size and location of a wave . I injured my knee over the summer and have been unable to surf for a few months now . This game has given me the closest feeling , even more so than riding a skateboard , to surfing that I have felt since the last time I stepped on my board . I would start playing and the next thing I knew , 3 hours went by . I just hope that , being a college student , it does not interfere with my studies .
 This game is a good game but now that it only costs ... it is a great game . the controls at first are very difficult and you want to give up . But do n't !!!!! after a couple of rounds i was pulling tricks , tubing , and everything else imagined . if you give yourself time you can learn the game and for ... bucks it is one of the greatest buys .
 this is truley the best game on the plannet it is way better then ssx snowboarding one thing there is a lot of snowboarding games and dont you get kind of sick of it but there is only one surfing game and that id this one so i am telling you you will love playing this game even those of you that dont have a intrest in surfing if you get this game you will want to learn how to surf like the pros
 All of the other reviews of this game say that this game absoulutely stinks . I think the game kicks ... . This graphics are AWESOME , the characters are AWESOME , the waves are AWESOME , the tricks are AWESOME , and the tubes are AWESOME . Although the game took my friend Robert and I like about 3 days to beat the game is still awesome . Seriously do not listen to any of the other bad reviews of this game , because no one else knows exactly what their talking about . DO NOT LISTEN TO ANY OTHER REVIEWS THAT YOU READ ABOUT THIS GAME THAT ARE BAD , TRUST ME ! If I ever get P.S. 2 , this game is 1st on my list , it should be like that for you too . ...
 I guess some people -LRB- well pretty near everyone who played this -RRB- do n't like the game ... I have to agree with the 2 or 3 people that actually said it was good . I think that if you never surf you probably wo n't like it . The controls are shady but you can get used to them ... and it sucks that the little board is n't included ... but if you like to go to surfing to just kick back and you do n't get all competitive about it then I think you will like it . There is a nice camera angle that really shows off the wave and the water looks really nice too ... makes you wish you were out surfing right now ... it is especially good on winter days when you are missing the 90 degree weather and the beach . There are some levels in Hawaii have that * MINT * water that is the clean tradition turquoise color . Anyways I think that people who surf will like it .
 i am a surfer and was pretty stoked to see that PS2 has a surfing game out . then i read all the negative reviews , but figured ... i could n't go wrong . let me tell you this , after getting through the rough learning curve , this game has become addicting . if you surf and have the required video game skills to play this game , than you will become addicted too !
 This is in response to the guy who could n't master the controls and gave the game one star.My eight year-old step son and I took about an hour to figure out the controls and now we 're shredding the game to pieces , getting in the tube , doing off-the-lips and aerials.This game was set up so that guys who surf would get it . It 's just like surfing good waves and anyone who likes looking out of the barrel and down the line of a fast and steep wave will enjoy this one.Good job to the guys at Rock Star .
 When I frist got this game I thought it would be great because I love surfing . But after I played it I quickly realized that I hated it because of its bad controls and even worse gameplay . If you are going to buy a PS2 game i recomend not to waste your money on this game .
 am i the only one who did n't get the little sufboard to put on your dualshock controller ? And also does anybody know where i could buy the dang little thing , If so please write a review and tell me . thanks .
 ok so heres my scope on this game it looks like it is going to rock this house this is going to be in my vote one of the best surffing games . I my self am a surfer and i think it is about damn time they came out with a good surf game the only downside to this game is the view can get all narly on yea man .
 1st off this is a review from someone that actually has played and owns this game . Unless you are a huge fan of the show and just want the game to add to your Buffy collectables I say do not buy this game ! It has some of the worse controls and it get frustrating very quickly when you hit the jump button and do not jump . If you played the Buffy game for the Game Boy Color this is pretty much the same thing demon and vampire killing , cut scene lather rinse repeat . The levels are too short -LRB- or maybe too long in some cases -RRB- , the A.I. is not very bright and the bosses are too easy to kill . The game can be beaten in an hour or so depending on the difficulty level and your frustration level . They do n't even use the theme song from the show , just generic low quality stuff . This game is probably one they just change the characters around in and market as different games . Save you money on this one , I wish I had . I am looking forward to the new Buffy game coming out for the Game Cube , this looks much more promising from the previews I 've seen at gaming sites . I 'm a Buffy fan but this is the 2nd Game Boy game based on Buffy that is not worthy of the Buffy name .
 Briefly put , Buffy explores various environs in sixteen levels of the game , fighting vamps and building up to a big standoff with some Darkhull king guy . In the process she picks up various weapons -- the most common , of course , the good old wooden stake -- some of which are more effective than others at fighting the bad guys.I am not a big-time game player , so maybe I have lower standards than some of the people who panned this Buffy game , but my daughter and I have both gotten * many * of hours of enjoyment out of this one . It 's fun roaming around the various levels , which were difficult enough to engage us for quite some time . -LRB- We 've finished both the easy and normal levels , but I have yet to defeat the game on the hard level . -RRB- And I appreciate , as with other GameBoy games that we 've played , that it takes some ingenuity to figure out what needs to be done . In other words I think that , counter-intuitively perhaps , GameBoy games can be educational for kids because they require thought.There were a few annoying things about the game
 I am the biggest buffy fanatic ever so this game was LOADS of fun for me ! < 3 I love all the Buffy games though . IF your a buffy fan BUY THIS ! I bought a game boy advance just so I could play this game !
 this game buffy the vampire slayer wrath of the darkhaul king is great . i 've gotten on other website 's and read reviews about this game . and the said that is sucked there crazy . if your a huge fan of buffy the vampire slayer then you should get this game . if you are not a fan and do n't like buffy . do n't bother
 Buffy is a great game ! It has great weaponry , it has fantastic graphics , and the game uses real characters from the show ! The only reason I cut a star is that it is very short , but when you play a game like this , you will want to play it over and over . My suggestion is if you are looking for fun , Buffy comes first !
 I have been a big fan of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer television series ever since it has been on TV . The show has everything you need in a show
 I have been watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer for five years . Now , before the games and sound tracks , Sarah Michelle Gellas was playing a girl who fought vampires . Well she came a long way . This game is awesome with all the action and adventure . I would highly recommend this to everyone because around each corner comes a spine shivering scene .
 This game has got to be great Because , . It 's Buffy . You see your favorite characters from the show including Willow , Xander , Giles , and more.Slaughter The Undead at The Bronze , Cemetaries , And other locations . Customizable Weapons . Create Your own stakes by breaking wooden objects . If you are out of stakes in a warehouse in the daytime , just break a whole in the ceiling so sunlight comes pouring in . Interactive Enviroments that you can use to your advantageYOU MUST GET THIS GAME
 I have been a fan of since since March 10 , 1997 -LRB- The first episode of the sereis -RRB- all through its Seven year Run -LRB- Which end May 20th , 2003 -RRB- I have followed the show religously . I have purchased 95 % of all the merchandise , including the video games . There have been three previous games -LRB- One for Game Boy Color , one for XBox , and a computer pinball game -RRB- all the games have been fun , and have had a certain degree of epicness . I doubt that this game will stray far from the formula . Purchase this game if you a Buffy for , or if you just like Action / Adventure games ... . AND DO N'T FORGET TO WATCH THE BUFFY FINALE ON MAY 20th !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this game for my 6 yr old . Her first game . She loves it!Its great for first time players . It has enough challenges for older kids . I love playing her game and is very addicting . I think all young girls should have it . Its really cute and the graphics are also good . A must have .
 This is a cute and entertaining game , it features Laura going through the village and helping the different townsfolk along the way . Laura is a sweet , kind girl providing service unto the different villagers along the way , never asking for anything in return for her good deeds . This game provides as a good influence for younger children by showing that kindness and service can go a long way . The game also includes no violence , no evil , it 's just a sweet little game inspiring young children to do good deeds.In addition to roaming the village , there are also a number of mini-games that Laura can play . The mini-games are both challenging and fun to play.This is a good game choice for any child ... any child , so long as he or she can read . They may be able to figure out how to play without reading , but being able to read makes it easier and enhances gameplay.Very cute game , sweet characters , good moral . If you 're looking for a sweet game that does not influence violence for your child , this would be a great choice .
 This Game Boy Color version of `` Laura 's Happy Adventures '' -LRB- The name of the original PC game -RRB- is an enchanting adventure which brings the forgotten Playmobil Victorian World to life . The sweet Laura is sent into unforgetable adventures on the streets of a Victorian Village . There is no evil included in this game , which is a great thing , since it does not involve children into any kind of violence.If you enjoy this great video game . Wait until you see the PC version . 3 times better . More detailed characters , beautiful graphics on the streets and the Playmobil Victorian Dollhouse , adorable music and unforgettable storyline.I also recommend : Playmobil
 Hi I was wondering if any one knew how to get past the part where Laura has to find her Mom 's Jewelry for Tommy ? It would be really helpful .
 I ca n't seem to be able to add this item to my cart for purchase . Is the item available for sale ?
 Silpheed is a fantastic shooter that I 'd recommend to anyone . It is a sequel to a Sega CD game that appeared a few years back . This time , the masters at Game Arts have teamed up with Treasure -LRB- Gunstar Heroes -RRB- to produce this stunning sequel . You pilot the SA-77 Silpheed , a strategic space fighter with multipe weapon systems through 8 levels filled with gorgeous backgrounds , fantastic lighting effects , and great music/voice overs by your fellow wingmen . The original Sega CD intro is included as a little bonus , albeit redone with CGI and redone voices . One thing that 's great about this release is that Working Designs really fixed up the slowdown that was present in the original import version . If you are a shooter fan , then this is no doubt a must buy !
 When this game first came out , I purchased it , took off the plastic surrounding it , and looked deep into its eyes . I wondered if it was the one for me , questioning the validity of such topics , and figured I 'd give it a shot . And , after that initial test , we instantly fell in love.And what was not to love?It offering me a ship to fly me , and I offered it the dynamics of human reflexes and it was on.Instantly we connected , the flashbacks from Gradius - a younger and more foolishly given love - playing in my head and making me feel , for some reason , content.And killing enemies in that head on fighting style that meshes every turn with possible disaster , that certainly makes a man content.The two of us , we 'd sit down night after night , those graphics running through my thoughts and savaging them . My fingers constantly sent little pulses of love in many a weapon option back , giving and giving , and we still spend night together from time to time.The reason behind the allure of this game is n't because its some new thing being tried out on the screen . In fact , its been done many a time before and the storyline is n't all that unique . Its simply Nintendo 's Lifeforce on steroids , with everything working like a head-on fighter would . You , of course , have the only ship fighting for your side of a struggle - when you could at least use a little back-up , a weapon on each side that lets you choose different weapon option -LRB- mostly worthless -RRB- , and there are lots of enemies . Everything from the little ships that fly in heavy numbers to smallest , faster ships to mini-bosses and then stage bosses . Within those struggles the sky fills with lots of shells , allowing you to show how skilled you are by dodging and dancing through these , knowing that you have a limited bit of shielding and are the only hope for you people.Yes , its always good to face a challenge.Interestingly attached to this is a way to approach points and extra lives , with a bonus given to you for killing something closer to you ship . Also , the more bonuses , the faster the other weapons come up . I 'd played some games that have ways to garner quickly through bonuses , but in Slipheed all things have a modifier on them . The multipliers go as high as sixteen times the points , feeding your lives fast , but facing the big point carriers - the bosses - head on is a challenge . So , it never really gets tiring.And did I mention that the graphics are beautiful , especially in depiction of the scenery?The only problem I really had with was the weapons.It was the fact that the guns , while interesting , were n't very functional . Bombs that pulse out are too slow , guns with beams that wobble are nice but do n't always go forward , and so on . Sometimes , when playing , I simply stick to the primary cannon given and one accessory - not the way I like to have to play.It was the way they were earned , allowing a change at the beginning of a mission and somewhere at a `` checkpoint '' refueling on the board.For anyone that 's into this type of shooter , with a ship that you fly `` up '' the television screen and with combat remnant of Lifeforce of Gradius , then this is a must have . I had honestly written this release off , thinking it to be just another game from an already dead group of games , but I bought it anyway . And then , playing it , I noticed how wrong I really was . The missions , the creative bosses , the backgrounds meshing it all together , it 's a sight to see and a challenge to beat . If you 've never tried a game like this before , I would have to say that playing it will be fun because your skills will impress you . At first it 'll be hard , dodging multiple shots , but soon you 'll notice you 're good , then better , and finally showing off for your friends amidst a stunning array of action . And what 's the life of the party without you ?
 This is one of those games that is fantastic and that sadly lurk just beneath the radar because most people are too busy with often inferior big-budget titles to take any notice.Silpheed is an old-school space shooter with a very high quality presentation , excellent gameplay and a packaging that will definitely catch the eye of any PlayStation 2 collector . I am glad I bought this game for my collection .
 Someone once asked if the top-scrolling flight-sim/shooter is dead . I suppose the answer to this is yes ... and no . True , very few of these games are being made , those that are made are good enough -LRB- though rarely fantastic -RRB- to keep the genre alive , if only for a little while . I suppose they will go the way of drive-in theaters
 I purchased this game with my new PS2 , about a year ago . I was definitely surprised that a game with such an old gameplay concept had come out on an advanced system like the PS2 . I figured the shooter had died out with the arcade-heyday . Was I ever wrong ! The graphics in this game are absolutely stunning , and the explosions , despite not being obnoxious fireballs of death , are smooth and colorful , especially when they temporarily white-out the screen . The cinemas really fit in with the sci-fi feel of this game ; it actually looks like something in a movie -LRB- You 'll definitely find out what the PS2 can do after watching the intro ... -RRB- The weapons are very cool , and its fun to mix and match combinations to obliterate the aliens . Oh , and no , `` Bail-you-out-at-the-last-second nukes here , all you 've got is your guns and your skill , making this a very difficult game -LRB- The second stage took me several tries to beat ! -RRB- I give this game five stars because its a refreshing look at a genre that does n't get as much attention as it used to , compared with all of the simulation , shoot-everything games that seem to abound in today 's market . Makes you feel like your in an arcade again , and the graphics are fabulous .
 Any gamer with a functioning brain knows that great graphics alone do not make a good game . True enough , but great graphics CAN have a dramatic impact on the overall experience , and this applies more to the shooter genre than to many others . Blowing up articulated enemy fighters in intricately detailed environments is just so much more satisfying than blowing up blocky little peons while flying past bland , uninspired scenery that looks like it could 've been lifted from a dozen other games of the same type . The designers of Silpheed
 This game is a reason to get the PS2 . I now regret selling all my Sega stuff -LRB- CD and Silpheed included -RRB- all those years ago . This game is just like the one we all remember with better graphics , music , and the intense gameplay of a shooter we all look for . There are only 8 levels and I have already gotten to level 6 . Not that the game is easy , believe me it is hard as anything , but this is the type of game I like . Yet I do not have a PS2 , but have been playing this game on display at my local EB . The game is now sold out . Hence I can not play it anymore for a while and showing the game is that darn good . If you are looking for a shooter game , or just a good game , get Silpheed . It is probably among the best shooters , ever .
 Many of the games for PS2 are anything but excellent , one of the exceptions being Silpheed The Lost Planet . You just ca n't put your controller down while playing this game . The only problem is that their 's a little slowdown at times , but that still does n't stop Silpheed from being a great game And fans of the Sega CD version of Silpheed will notice the option to load different weapons on each side of their ship , earn new weapons based on their performance in each level , and even relive some of the great music from the Sega CD version . Definately pick this game up .
 MotoRacer World Tour is by far the ultimate in Grand Prix motorcycle racing . If features real tracks , true-to-life riding simulation -LRB- you can actually see the rider braking and using the clutch . -RRB- The variety of side game play is great too , From Free Style Motocrossing , to Trials , to Motocross , to Supercross , Drag racing , and street racing , let alone the realism of the different tracks . I highly recomend this little package .
 I grew up riding and racing Motocross and absolutely love this game . I mainly just race Moto-x when playing but the Freestyle is pretty fun as well . I 've rented several other games of this type and the dynamics as far as how the motorcycles handle were n't anywhere near as accurate as in this game . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat !
 It makes me want to put my keys up to my CBR 900 , and play all day . The moto cross is awesome . The graphics are great . Another great game from infro .
 I do n't know , fellas ... I 've competed in actual motocross in the past , and i have to say that there 's nothing quite like the real thing , so do n't expect a full-on simulation of reality . i have to admit , the graphics were n't the best , but then it is virtual reality , on the other hand , the streetbike portion was the best i 've ever seen , -LRB- no less than the motocross -RRB- , but in the thirty minutes i 've played the game , i found the handling a little more sqiurrelly than i had expected . whatever . just try the game out for y ` selves .
 GunGriffon Blaze is a fast paced game for the Mech lovers . The game is a first person perspective shooter . The controls are easy to learn and are laid out in a very easy format . You also get to customize your robot with secondary and optional weapons giving you a custom robot according to the mission objectives . The game runs very smooth and you 'll feel as if you were playing an arcade game . My only grip about the game is that there is no built in map or radar in the game . But this is compensated by the mission briefing before each mission -LRB- which shows a map -RRB- and that the instructions manuel comes with a general map for each mission.Other than that , I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a fast pace game who likes go out on military missions in thier ` mech ` anized robots carrying a big gun .
 I have both Armored Core 2 and Gungriffon Blaze , and the latter is clearly superiorfirst off it is first person giving it some realism . The graphics are great and the gameplay is only moderatly challenging in the first few stages so gamers who are not profecient at these sorts of games can quickly learn to handle it . The action is always fast paced and you are never trapped since this is a go anywhere game . If you suddenly find your self surronded you can try to battle it out sprint or my favorite option spread out your wings fly around drop behind them and blast them that way . There is never a dead end and always another option in this game .
 This game moves FAST . It feels like a really intense FPS game , with you inside different mechs jamming all over different terrain to protect bases or wipe out enemies . Some of the mechs can fly , and all have AWESOME weapons to choose from . The lighting and explosions are really realistic , with dust-clouds and fire trails . Did I mention that the game is fast ? Another cool thing is that the radio in your mech picks up the chatter from the oher game-controlled mechs on your team . Gamers Republic hit it right on when they called this one of the best PS2 launch titles . Next to EA 's hot SSX , this one 's at the top of my list . I just wish there were more than 6 base missions with 6 more to unlock ...
 Though many would say Armored Core IS A SUPERIOR PRODUCT one does need to play the 2 other previous gungriffon titles to appreciate it . Gun Griffon introduced you to the high-macs , which handled a little too `` lightly '' for a ` mech and the levels themselves were fair but hard until the last level -LRB- too hard for normal players set on normal . -RRB- Gun Griffon II controls are more realistic making the mech a little more sloppy to control and harder to stop almost like a mechwarrior 2 firemoth , and they introduced `` tracer '' shells to the guns which made it much easier to hit something . -LRB- even on very hard , -RRB- and you have a choice of mechs to use . . -LRB- something Gungriffon 1 should have had . -RRB- Gungriffon blaze IS an improvement over both titles . . It combines both good points of the previouls titles . Challenging levels with a more realistic response in the controls and weapons . -LRB- unique to each mech and the guns have effective ranges.much like the second title -RRB- First thing that people should know , there is no radar or build in map.That may be taken as a down side , but then again I take this as an attempt to make the game more `` realistic '' . I thank you Game Arts . Working designs made a good choice to release this . -LRB- Although I prefer the ol' jap dialog . Since their voice actors do a great job . -RRB- The difficulty of this game has been upped a few notches . Some who are used to Armored Core may need to brush up on their controls and change their playing style . -LRB- something that is hard when you get used to customizing a powerful ` mech . -RRB- My only gripe is that this game seems too short for its own greatness.Maybe having as much missions as mechwarrior mercenaries or possibly have much more mechs at hand with more colorschemes . Those are my only complaints . -LRB- other than not being able to make my own squad insignia . . Now where is my AFTA pilot jacket ? -RRB- If you want a challenge however , I recommend you give it a try .
 A sequel to the 2 Saturn games -LRB- the second was not released in the US -RRB- , Gungriffon is now here in the states , courtesy of Working Designs . Most people will compare Gungriffon to Armored Core 2 ... while they are both `` Mech '' type games , the Armored Core series has always been more `` sim '' like than Gungriffon -LRB- which has always been more arcade like -RRB- ... so of course , Armored Core has more parts to customize , etc. . While it is the general belief that Armored Core is better than Gungriffon , I 'd say that they are on equal ground . Gungriffon Blaze has a lot going for it . Graphics are good for a 1st gen game , and as usual , Game Arts gameplay is excellent . The sound is excellent , and Working Designs made a good choice in bringing over this title . A solid game , but if you want customization , than you 'd be better off with Armored Core . If you like more fast action paced gameplay , than here you go . Mech fans will get both .
 gungriffon blaze is a very fun mech shooting game the graphics are good for a ps2 game gungriffon blaze is the only reason i still have a ps2 dont lisen to the bad reviews get this game
 When I was younger my friend actually owned this game , I have wanted to buy it for myself ever since . So I finally found it on here for a reasonable price . This game is so much fun , but some of the levels are quite difficult . But thats all in part of the fun . Sound effects are really funny , and music is good . Graphics not the best but that dosnt matter to me , I just love this game .
 Very Zany Japanese game but a pian in the but not to be taken lightly . this game will make your hands go numb from pain due to all the button mashing . but youll find your self still playing an hour later
 Give this one a try if you are looking for a change . The game is based on 24 mini-games . A welcom departure from the glossy shoot em ' ups . Very simple controlls ; mostly timing based game play . Oh yeah , it 's pretty funny too . Highly recomended for those into the unique .
 Probably the most bizarre , and memorable , game to hit a consolein a while , Incredible Crisis unleashes its fury uponAmerica ... Since most of the games are unique in their own rights , this adds up to lots of replay value , even if nothing is different thesecond time you play it . What other game lets you shoot down a giantstuffed teddy bear destroying Tokyo in a jet fighter ? Who else letsyou race down busy highways on a stretcher ? None , I tell ya.Whilemost of the games are good fun , some of them are repetitive . Whoreally needs to play Titanic Away 3 times in order to play through thegame only once ? Not only that , but 2 games that were in the Japaneseversion were taken out of the American release . One of them was youhad to diffuse a bomb in a subway train as the final game for Chapterone , the other was a karaoke game -LRB- actually , thats one I could 've donewithout -RRB- that appears right after the bear comes to life in chapter4.Still , these are minor complaints . I 'm sure if you spend themoney to get it , you wo n't be disappointed ...
 I remember playing this demo when I was younger and laughing harder than I had ever laughed while playing a game before . I forgot about this game for a solid ten years or so and randomly saw it online . I decided it 's cheap and read some reviews and decided to go ahead and order it . As soon as I put this game in , I was laughing.The graphics are a little dated , but I can generally get past that . The gameplay has a lot of variety , many different mini games that last longer than current microgames in the Wario Wares , WTF , and Mario Party styles . Most of the games are pretty good , but a few -LRB- stretcher steering -RRB- can be a little annoying.The story is great , an intertwining story of this goofy family with slapstick humor showing how everything that can possibly go wrong will . This is a great game to pop in with a couple friends around to just hang out and pass the controller around for a good laugh .
 let me start out by saying , i have played the demo at least 10 times now and i still play it , i plan on getting it soon when i get some money , but for now i will stick with the demo , such a fun and replayble game , for me anyway . and the cutscenes are the best they are great looking and funny , the jap language yells used in the game are great to `` yewehhhh '' do n't know if that is how you spell it , but i know how to say it . i love this game , i want a sequel dangit !
 This game is the definition of a button masher.It is hard . But if you stick with it you will berewarded . It is very unique and quirky and at abargain bin price you ca n't pass it up . Good Game
 `` Incredible Crisis '' strikes me as being more like a book or a movie than the typical game . Most games you 'll play until you 've mastered the skill-set and achieved all the internal goals -LRB- like unlocking characters or seeing different endings -RRB- , or until you grow bored with them . `` Incredible Crisis '' is more like a crazy movie , so inventive that you 're enchanted with the question of `` what happens next '' . The story involves a Japanese family trying to get home early for Grandma 's birthday . Along the way they 'll face construction accidents , explosions , terrorists , aliens , etc. , in situations so bizarrely contrived they have to be seen to be believed.It 's not really about the gameplay -- the dozens of mini-games are simple affairs , sometimes consisting of just pushing the buttons really really fast . The simplicity is a good idea here , since the appeal is the crazy story , not the gameplay . It would be bad narrative if you had to play a mini-game 10 or 20 times to get past it.The upbeat soundtrack by the `` Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra '' nicely compliments the delightfully whacked story.The game has a very Japanese flavor and you have to be open-minded and willing to be won over to enjoy it . Put another way , if you like watching `` Iron Chef '' on TV 's Food Network -LRB- either for camp value or in sincere awe -RRB- , you 'll probably like Incredible Crisis . On the other hand , if the last two games you played had the words `` Twisted Metal '' or `` Tomb Raider '' in their titles , then you are probably waaaay too mainstream to get into this one .
 I was shocked to see a US release of Incredible Crisis because the game is just so strange and chock full of Japanese humor . It 's hardly the type of game someone who has been raised on a steady diet of cutesy mascot-driven platformers would understand , much less embrace.But there 's a lot to like about IC , which is a series of mini-games that range from finger-numbing button mashers to memory and timing tests . The gameplay can be challenging at times but , there are enough slapstick gags and pop culture references to keep you from getting mad.Thankfully , Titus had the guts to localize IC virtually in tact , Japanese ska soundtrack and all .
 If you are n't laughing out loud whilst playing this wonderful game , then check your pulse , you may be dead.The whole game is about a typical Japanese family trying to get home for their Grandmother 's birthday . As it turns out , they 're going to have the worst day of their lives . A series of comical mini-games provides the player with lot of entertainment , and definitely a smile on their face . With such tie-ins to American movies , games like ; `` Titanic Away '' , `` Independence Bay '' , and `` Snowboarding with Wolves '' you ca n't help but sit back and enjoy . The graphics are a real pleasure to look at . As cartoony as they look , it adds to the story of this comical day the characters will go through . The cutscenes are wonderfully done , and the game just gives off a great vibe . I strongly recommend this game for anybody !
 Such an interesting game was begun . Preeminent for the sense of humor ! Music is also the highest . And since one game is collected compactly , the place which does not care about time , either but can do it is also pleased .
 I picked this one up at a rental store and i 'm very glad I did . This game is very funny , nice graphics and cool music . The down fall of this is most certainly the degree of patients this requires . I tell you some of those games had me wanted to send the playstation out the window but yet , thats half the fun.Basicly you play differ n't family members of an old man in which you must return home early for his special day . You then go through silly games like parapa the rapper -LRB- the actual hitting the buttons at the right time -RRB- and running from a ball like on Indiana Jones.I give the game 4 stars for its music and humor , but not five stars only because the game is brutally hard and I still have n't found out how to save .
 Incredible crisis is a crazy , wacky , funny , and did i say crazy !! It throws minigames at you left and right ! and even up and down ! It 's story is wierd but who can complain ! With up to 24 minigames ! Thats right 24 !!!!!!! But its gameplay is where it comes to its great statues . It has a little bit of everygame . Some of Metal Gear , SSX , DDR , and even does a little spoof on some movies . This game is great for pick up and play action . Even though its short you 'll be playing for months !!!! I recomend pick up this game now !!! Weather your into any game this game is a instant crazy classic !!
 There are many good things about this game but a few bad . On the upside it is funny without ripping anything off . It boasts of sheer playability and will last you a for a while . On the downside the graphics are very stringy and some levels are almost impossible for lesser gamers .
 I bought this game ... after seeing a preview for the Japanese version in the Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine . The author had stated that the chances of this one making it to our shores were slim , and I was therefore surprised to find it in the store . I remembered how interesting it had looked in the magazine , so I picked it up -LRB- along with Oddworld
 This picture of the rechargeable battery is not the real thing this picture is for the rechargeable batteries for the gameboy advance not the gameboy advance SP !!! So I suggest that -LSB- amazon.com -RSB- or toysrus or whatever should find the real picture of the rechargeable batteries for the gameboy advance SP and replace this picture with the real thing !!! Although I really do think this is a good idea to have a spare battery to play with . Now i can play with my GBA SP foe 36 hours with the light off and 20 hours with the light on ! : -RRB-
 Do yourself a favor and order a set of precision screwdrivers -LRB- a set of stanley 's can be had on Amzaon for ~ 5 bucks -RRB- . -RRB-
 I bought this for my Gameboy Advance SP and it works really well for those who would like to use it for a storage place or for someone -LRB- like me -RRB- who travels alot . It has protected mine many times , but may not be good for carring around the neck . This is not safe to use in this manner . It 's cute and I love mine . I 've heard people say some bad things about it , but if you 're going to use it for a protective purpose or travel this is perfect for you and great investment for your money . Fits perfectly in suitcase and totebags and I 've found it fits great in childrens backpacks and some Lady purses . Highly reccomend this . I also have the Gamers case that looks like this one , but only bigger .
 this is a good case it is metal witch is cool because its kind of james bondish
 I realy think its the best storage system .
 Intec made an awesome case here . The SP fits in snugly with the ability to put about 3 more games inside . The hard shell protects the GBA from all the abuse you can hand out , without compromising the contents inside . It is a bit bigger then the smallest GBA case out there , but it still fits in the palm of your hand . I keep my GBA in my school backpack for my time between college classes . I have some heavy books , and this has protected it , and gotten through it not too badly . Definitely pick it up !
 well , I have my case for over a year now and it 's still workingI travel a lot , expecially by plane and I think everybody knows what that means ... I 'm used to have my GBA in my hand luggage and so it needed some kind of protecion.This mini case is perfect!I can carry 2 games with it -LRB- 3 if you leave one IN the GBA -RRB- and until now it never opend by itself.My GBA got no damages after all the checking it got at every airport I 've been.Also , because of all the stress at airports nowadays , it 's quite normal -LRB- for me * gg * -RRB- to accidentally drop my purse . Even so neither the GBA nor the case itself got ANY damage.I really recommend it
 This toy is the safest thing for a GBA SP because if you dropped it from about six feet and opened the case , it wuold be in the same condition as it was when you put it in . Perfect for travle or keeping it safe in your room in storage .
 I received the case yesterdy and I think I am going to like it . I can play my games while it is in the case which I like because trying to hold the GBA with my adult hands they get stiff.I do n't think I will be wearing it around my neck so that is not a problem.It is really cute .
 I was recently gifted with an ultra-cool Pearl Pink Game Boy SP from Japan to fulfill my girlish desires for gaming fun and sparkle at the same time . I love it ... and what better to put my Girlie Girl SP in but this cool metal case?It is a perfect square , and has room for storing a game or two underneath the Game Boy . Even better , it comes with a strap , so you can give Paris Hilton a run for her money with your * hot * new purse . Now you will never be without your favorite boredom killer with this convenient and safe way to bring your SP with you . If you just need to store your SP , you can choose any old nylon or vinyl case , but if you want to carry your SP with style and flare , you must get this ! -LRB- Oh , and for boys , it 's all cool and metal and stuff and you 'll be really manly and cool if you get it ! -RRB- ; -RRB-
 The case offers great protection and easy carrying for our 5 year old . It holds a few extra games and keeps his gameboy out of his little sister 's hands . We really feel that this is a must have for a gameboy !
 if your looking for a very tough this is the one , it really can take a beating there is only room for gameboy and a couple of games , a great case for kids who take it everywhere
 I bought a SP magnifier and I really enjoy using it on my GBA . I have problems with my vision-so the magnifier is perfect . I also like the fact that once folded up-it folds right into the GBA SP .
 My kid loves it ! I can even tell that the letters can be easilt read and that she does n't get as many headaches when she uses it .
 I think it was amazing , but the magnifying glass fogged or something so there is a big spot in the middle of the screen and i cant get it off .
 Though the '' G.B.A.SP , Screen Magnifier is as it was claimed to be , It does have a minor problem , Your best view comes when the G.B.A. is Right in Front of your eyes . Not met for angle viewing.Still a Great Buy for the money .
 All this is is a magnifiying glass stuck on to the sp so you can see everything colser up . That 's about it .
 This is easy to use , and has a cool fold down feature . It also stays attached to your SP so you do n't have to attach it every time you want to use it . It is great for those games that do n't have the best graphics , but my son likes to use it with every game he plays .
 I 'll be a case study on why you need to buy a magnifier for your GBA , or your childs.The original Game Boy came out when I was 10 years old . Being of that age , I had to have my parents immediately buy one . There were no magnifiers until later on in the Game Boys history . When I received the Game Boy my vision was 20/20 . Years down the road , now I have really bad vision , and have to wear contacts or glasses to be able to see clearly 5 feet away . My eye doctor told me it was probably because of the Game Boy.Because of this , I have always recommended a magnifier to any prospective GBA buyer as I work in video games . I extend to you the same recommendation , as saving your sight is vital .
 The gameboy magnifier is great , I can see everything a little bigger and clearer . It folds up easily for storage . I have n't taken it off my gameboy since I took it out of the package . I highly reccomend it ! Anna
 This clips on to the game boy to magnify the visual . It 's great for my little boy . He has poor vision and this enables him to play his game boy . It could clipon tighter and it has worked it 's way loose . I bought two so I have a back up .
 We purchased this device because it seems the battery often dies when you 're nowhere near a wall to charge it , and carrying a spare battery does n't always help , so this was a great idea ! As an added bonus the solar charger can also charge the Game Boy Advanced -LRB- at the same time !! -RRB- . We were highly amused that the solar charger is basically the shell of a GBA with solar panels where the screen and controls would be . That means it fits in a standard game carry case . It 's also a fantastic idea for military members headed downrange where there 's plenty of sun but not always plenty of electrical outlets . Very economical , eco-friendly , and convenient .
 This is a great game . The cel-shded graphics are a great touch . I ca n't really call this a wrestling game or a fighter . It 's more like a mix . They also have characters that kids submitted to magazines . You can also use these characters in create mode . You 'll get hooked , even if you do n't like the show.Here 's some of the bad . The voiceovers can get annoying . The story mode does n't last that long , but the tournament mode is satisfying . Yes , this game has a few flaws , but it 's still an awsome game .
 I have seen movie clips from the Japanese version of this game and it is truely the best wrestling game ever . If you are a fan of the Ultimate Muscle cartoon on Fox Box then you must get this game . It features characters from the TV show and uses the same `` cell shading '' that Zelda uses to make it look like you are actually PLAYING the cartoon . The 3D effects are awesome as you can perform all the moves that the characters do on TV , including Kid Muscle 's `` Kinniku-Buster '' . You are not stuck to the ring , you can leap high into the air . There 's also a feature that lets you construct your own unique wrestler . This is a game for hours of fun for every kid !
 Hey all ya people get this game trust me youl 'll like it . the characters the levels the specials and the moves . This game is a slam through the mat . If you by this game go to recruit wreslters and choose Cresent Man . He is so Tight !!! See ive always been lookin for a game that would never get boring . And a wrestling game that 's not just all about wrestling . this game is a Wrestling Dragonballz type game . People , dont waste your time rentin it , jus buy it !!!!
 This game rocks . You can be all the characters from the show . There are so many modes of play that you just have to keep coming back to play . There is a total of 20 characters which equals 20 different story mode stories . In Super Hero Olympic Mode you can create and edit a wrestler to play in versus and Super Hero modes . How can somebody who likes the show not love kid muscles rendition of the Cow n ' Rice song ???? Closing thoughts about Ultimate Muscle
 this game is unlike any other wrestling game . i have never seen the show and i love this game and my uncle has seen the show and he loves it too , so this game has been proven to be awesome ! there are cel-shaded graphics in this game , you can create up to 40 characters , wrestle in many different rings , you can collect ultimate muscle toys out of the toy machine , play the story mode , do lots of different moves , and even trade you chacters with others ! this is the ultimate wrestling game , pick up a copy now !
 while this game is not exactly traditional ` pro-wrestling ' , like WWE , or any of the other wrestling circuits , it 's a classic in it 's own way ! it strays from the 3 count pin rule , for a boxing knock-out , street fighter type of win . with an amazing arcade flavor , that even rivals any game in it 's genre for any of the other systems ! the sounds are top notch , nice hard smacks , and crowd ambience , and commentators too ! this game is based on the anime series of the same name , and not having seen the series , this game is fun , so you do n't have to be a fan to appreciate the characters ! with whole selection of cool wrestlers , like ` Walrus Man ' , ` Kid Muscle ' , ` Chiwawau Man ' , and many others , plus you can unlock more ! A character called ` Meat ' , throws in power-ups , which can pick up . Graphics are just clean , cel-shaded beauty , the actual gameplay looks like a cartoon ! Overall this title is an amazing game for the Nintendo GameCube !!!
 This is one of the best games on GameCube , very faithful to the anime on the Fox Box with the same humor and crazy off the wall antics . It was hard to find a copy in stores where I lived so I had to come to good ol' faithful Amazon for a copy ! Worth the 49.99 plus s/h . Awesome supa ' moves .
 This game is so awesome from the moment I picked it up to the moment I played it . Even if you do n't have a Gamecube buy this game so you can just look at it ! Then of course get a Gamecube because this game is sooo worth it .
 ultimate muscle is excellent , super , and great if you get this game you will be playing for hours and hours there are a lot of modes including story mode versus mode and tournament mode there are a number of fighters including kid muscle , king muscle , and many more so if youre an ultimate muscle fan you should buy this game P.S. . IT IS A GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFTNOTE : THIS GAME RULES !!!!!!!!
 This is a very fun game . Imagine wrestling moves that are 100 times more brutal . Things that will never be seen in a real ring . You 'll want to play this just to be in awe . Big replay value as well . 5 stars !
 What an exelent game , you play al the characters from the show , and has even got cell shaded graphics . When I first saw the game I thought nothing could compare to the show , but when i bought it I realied what I was missing!If you love the show , youl love this .
 this game is pretty awesome . i wanted to buy this game so badly . i kept waiting and waiting but it didnt come out so while i was waiting i went to toysrus and places to play the game and it was fun playing it wit my friend , but when i actually bought the game it was awesome . until i finished the whole game . it started to get boring . it was only fun when i played in toysrus and places . there arent that much moves and specials , so it got a little boring .
 the graphics are just amazing and it is so fun to play with your friends or by yourslef.I personly love the and v.s mode.i totaly recomend this game especialy if u whatch the episodes.which u can find on youtube .
 this game is just a very fun game to play ... I would reccommend it to any one , not just people who like wrestling games , some of the moves in the game are just absoluletly hilarious and so are some of the characters and the gameplay is just so much fun .
 If you have a Gamecube , and you are a Wrestling fan GET THIS , THIS game has some spoofs of WWE wrestlers , such as Terry man is a parody of Terry funk since his dad was Doryman -LRB- DoryFunk -RRB- and has the same moves texas clover hold and spinning toe hold , also there are more parodies in Galactic Wrestling for PS2 , but still THIS GAME IS A BLAST !! , for some of you havent noticed this game is based on a anime and manga back in the 80 's ... YEAH remember those M.U.S.C.L.E toys ? this game is based on that toy fad but now in the future finnaly they dubbed the SECOUND GENERATION of Kinnikuman that was in 2002 back in the 1980 's there was a show called Kinnikuman which had the old Muscle leauge , y' know King Muscle , Ramenman , Robin Mask , THIS GAME IS BASED ON THE MANGA , THE ANIME , AND THE TOYS FROM THE 80 ` SGET THIS GAME !!!!!!!!! ITS SO AWSOMe '' !!!!
 Jill Valentine is ready to leave the so-called quiet mountain retreat and never to return ... But Umbrella is not done with Racoon City ... Zombies , Surgically enhanced monsters and mutants , and also a new breed of Tyrant like creatures code named `` Nemisis '' , and some `` Climate Control '' agents sent out to kill Jill and the rest of the S * T * A * R * S * members that are still alive . The reason ? All because Umbrella has left to much evidence of these in-humane expierements , creating wide-spread conspiracies and rumors . And Jill and Chris have seen to much , and are top of their hit-list , and must be eliminated ...
 A pesar de que solo la he jugado una vez , me di cuenta de que inteligentemente sigue con las emocionantes cualidades de la parte uno y la parte dos ... es juego capaz de `` darle un susto a tu astucia '' mientras te hace vivir las experiencias del personaje .
 I bet the title of this review surprised a hell lot of you , did n't it ? How could a survival horror that contains `` explicit scenes of violence and gore '' be beautiful and heart-touching ? Simple.You got ta watch the story . Watch all the cut-scenes and FMVs -LRB- full motion videos -RRB- . Good English understanding is vital to enjoying Resident Evil 3
 This game is about 5 levels , but they are WICKED hard . NOthing more to say . go out and buy this game . Play with cheats if u get bored , taht will keep u going for a couple more weeks .
 Flesh eating zombies , plagued creatures and vicious animals . You want a game that will scare the pants off of you ... well here it is . Resident evil 3 is the best resident evil -LRB- for playstation 1 and computer -RRB- . What i loved about this game was that it made you think what you had to do . For example , you either have the choice of doing something that will help save your life or help you kill the monster . Also you have to think like . . `` What am i gon na do next ? '' , `` Where do i go ? '' , or `` Should i take this weapon or should i save room for something i might need ? '' . What i did n't like was the graphics . They were n't really what i had expected . I mean it would have been a little better if the mouths moved and u can see there faces a little better . If only it had a little more detail , but all in all it was a great game . If you want suspense , creepy music , and blood thirsty monsters to blow away , then this is your game .
 I was n't much surprised to play the first of the resident evil game , simply because of the graphics ... The second one was a great achievement , and the third one is simply the best of all the games . The graphics were simply superb and the suspence kept me glued to my computer ... In this part we get to see Jill Valentine again , striving hard to save her life from flesh eating zombies and she plans it with the help of mikhial victor , a member of UBCS . . they plan to reach the clock tower via the L train but the seemingly unstopable monster plagues her constant struggle for survival ... Now this seems quite prosaic but actually this holds all the gem for the game freaks and specially for the resident evil fans ... go for it !!!
 I played it in my PS1 console -LCB- when I still had it ! -RCB- , and I can tell you ... it ` s BREATHTAKING ... !!! Panos from Greece .
 I just got this game and i thought that I was the best at Resident evil games , but this game has beaten me more than I care to say . I was realy good at RE2 , but so far I suck at this . It 's hard . If you like the Resident evil games and think you 're a pro at them just try this baby on hard .
 I played the playstation version of resident evil 3 and I can say that the PC version has better graphics . The game itself is a lot of fun and is filled with several secrets to enhance the replay value . Somebody said that this game has problems on windows xp . You have to go to run and type `` DXDIAG '' and run it . Then go to the sound tab and turn the Hardware Sound Accleration Level to No accleration . The game should work fine after that .
 Resident Evil 3
 What impressed me about RE3 was the few new concepts that sort of distinguished itself from the previous RE 's . The first thing was that this game kept you nervous . Once you thought you were safe from those monsters , that Nemesis pops up and keeps chasing you around ... a real adrenaline pumper . Up to the end you 're thinking , `` My god ! He 's still alive ! '' There 's another little feature that 's kind of like a `` decision-making '' concept , where you actually are given a choice of what your next move is -LRB- like multiple choice -RRB- ... to me it 's ridiculous , but it is different.One minor detail , though , that sort of ... well , it did n't bother me , but just kind of made me think how ridiculous the RE3 artists ' minds were when they designed Jill Valentine in this series . I mean here 's an ex-cop who used to be on an elite force unit , who is now in the middle of a zombie-infested town full of blood and gore , running around in a mini skirt and a tank top or whatever you call those kind of tight shirts . I just kept thinking , `` Oh , Lord ... they may as well ... made her wear high heels . '' Come on ... let 's not cheapen the image of the mighty hero ofRE1 by making her look like a ditzy bar waitress .
 When I played Resident Evil 2 , I thought that the big tall guy in that was a pest and very hard to beat , but Nemesis makes him look like Steve Urkel . I must say that Resident Evil 3 is much more challenging than the previous one . One warning that they should have on this game is
 I played it in my PS1 console -LCB- when I still had it ! -RCB- , and I can tell you ... it ` s BREATHTAKING ... !!! Panos from Greece .
 This has got to be the scariest game I have ever played ! I have let go over the controller some many times I ca n't even count them . The controlls are a little hard to master but if you have ever played the first or second one it will be easy . The graphics are ok , especially when the movies appear , and the plot is alright . The majior plot is to escape from this little town but when you do the zombies attack . There is this one huge `` bad zombie '' who chases you all around , Nemisis . He is really scary and you can run into him at any point during the game , except for the first ten minutes ! There is a lot of scary moments and I would n't recomend this game for small kids . It is really hard , scary , but very very fun .
 I finished this one years ago and it 's great to run through it again -LRB- with graphics maxed on my PC -RRB- . I need to download virtual PC so I can revisit more classic 98 games like RE and RE2 . A must-have for any post-apocalyptic collection -LRB- reminds me ... I have to resupply the bunker ... -RRB-
 Resident Evil 3
 I ran this game in XP , with compatibility for '98 activated and the in-game option for texture correction unchecked . Once I followed these couple of simple steps , the game looked great . You can actually see what some of the pictures are that adorn the walls of this terror-beseiged city . One interesting thing about the PC version is that all costumes are unlocked from the beginning . That way you can go straight to Jill 's Special 7 costume without being a Resident Evil master . The other thing I noticed about the PC version is that enemies appear in places they did n't in the Playstation version . I also got a new scenario with Tyrell and Nicolai that I 've never seen before . Overall , the game looks great and plays fine . The primary benefits over the Playstation version are the improved graphics and the fact that all costumes are available from the beginning . However , the graphical improvements do not apply to the item menu . That still looks fuzzy , like it was ported directly from the PSX . And just remember , if you see weird lines across the background graphics , toggle Texture Correction on or off . That fixed the problem for me .
 I really like the game . Althought I have only beat it once , but I am going for the second time . I really think that they should make a movie out of this game I think it would be very exciting . I have one , two and three , I think one and three are the hardest . What kind of dinosaur is in number three ? Are they mutated dinosaurs or a whole bunch of dinosaurs mixed together , I am not sure I like that them.Thanks from the Great Malinkco
 My hands were sweating everytime I was getting in a new place , I was worried EVERY moment thinking how to save ammos , well ... I finished it sometime , but my heart went through hell ... ! VERY GOOD !!!
 this is one of the best games in the world of pc games it has what you need to stay playing it al day long it has puzzles its action pack and it has choices for you make in order for you to pass this incredible game
 I own this game and man it was scary but good . This game is realy hard to beat without a walkthrough and theres no codes . So if you think you are a video game master try dino crisis ...
 I really love this game . At first it was really hard to get into , because i found it fustrating at times , but , after learning what to do and getting help from others it wasnt really that bad . Worth the time and money !
 Monster has consistantly delivered quality cables and does n't disappoint with its entry PS2 s-video cable . I was using the Sony s-video cable for about a week before finally hunting one of the Gamelink 300 cables at a local Best Buy . In that interim I watched The Patriot and the colors had a red and yellow hue to them . With the Gamelink the picture is clear , crisp and the colors are vibrant -LRB- cannonball headshot anyone ? :-RRB- -RRB- . To get the most from your PS2 you really need a set of these cables in either s-video or component -LRB- if your TV supports them -RRB- . For those who are unfamiliar with the heirarchy , it 's A/V , S-video , component in ascending quality .
 If you own a PS2 and you have a TV that accepts S-Video , you owe it to yourself to BUY THIS CABLE ! Trust me , the money is well worth it . This is by far the best S-Video cable for the PS2 , and it does n't deserve anything less . With this cable , you will see details in games and on DVD 's that just plain are not clear at all with other cables . I HIGHLY recommend this product !
 If you do n't have digital audio capabilities avoid this product . Instead , purchase the `` Monster Cable PGL400 CVAA-10 GameLink '' instead -LSB- Product Number
 I do n't know what these people are saying about this cable not making a difference on high-grade TV sets -LRB- e.g. Sony XBR or Vega -RRB- . I 've been using Sony 's bog-standard AV cables for about a month on my 27 '' flat-screen Vega , and sure , the DVD playback and PS2 menu displays look sharp , but when I plugged in the MC S-Video cables , they looked _ razor _ sharp . I mean it , the clock display itself looked that much better , much crisper , better color definition . And Toy Story 2 , which looked great before , looks damn amazing now . Seriously , you have no excuse not to get a set of cables other than what Sony includes with _ every _ Playstation , and these are probably the best value . I heard from Monster Cable customer service on Monday , they 're supposed to be releasing their GL 450 -LRB- component + optical-audio -RRB- sometime this week -LRB- 12/18-12 / 22 -RRB- , and the GL 400 -LRB- component + copper-stereo -RRB- in the second week in January . It 's probably a toss-up whether you 'd be able to tell much difference between S-video and component , so I 'd suggest get this cable now , and leave your component inputs available for another peripheral . Do yourself a favor and get this cable - gold-plating and ample shielding _ do _ make a difference , for both video and sound .
 Typical of boutique cables , the cables are thick and attractive . I use Monster 's Video2-series component and S-video cables for other sources and they are about equal in quality.The Monster 400 provides only the video connection . You must use optical Toslink cable for audio . Few PS2 titles output analog audio only -LRB- e.g. , Fantavision -RRB- , in which case you wo n't hear a thing.I 've been using Sony 's composite video cable for few months -LRB- connected to Toshiba 56H80 -RRB- . The improvements probably owe more to component connection than anything , but for what it 's worth , they are significant.Most significant is the color definition . Before the switch , they were muddy and softly defined . Now they are vibrant and detailed.My TV is equipped with pretty good comb filter -LRB- not yet ISF calibrated , just Video Essential -RRB- . With composite , the images were still plagued with ringing artifacts and rainbow effects . Not so with Monster 400 . If anything , this cable magnifies weakness in many PS2 titles -LRB- lack of anti-aliasing -RRB- . Is it worth $ 50 ? Sony 's own component cable costs $ 25 , and Pelican 's poorly-shielded component cable costs $ 10 . I 've not used these cables personally -LRB- but my friend 's used both on his Toshiba 40H80 -RRB- , but I am betting that Monster is not 2X better than Sony.But if you want the absolute best , $ 25 may not a huge premium to pay . Especially when you slept outside the store all night -LRB- or refreshed browser every minutes -RRB- to get your hands on PS2 .
 To start , this is a reasonably priced 3.3 M -LRB- 10ft -RRB- toslink-to-toslink cable . Compared to other higher quality and longer length optical cables and you 'll see the difference in price . I use this cable but not for my connection to my PS2 since my DVD player functions far better than the console itself.Now , if you do NOT run your Playstation2 into a receiver/home theater system , it 's not a wise decision for you to buy this since it wo n't serve any purpose for you . -LRB- For example , if you do n't use this unit to watch DVD movies or pump it through your receiver for 5.1 Dolby Digital/DTS sound . -LRB- 5.1 Digital Sound has yet to be implemented in a PS2 title . -RRB-
 Without a doubt , Monster Cables makes the best cabling products in the industry . It 's not surprising that they would create a new set of products just for the Playstation 2 market . Just looking at these cables is impressive . They are VERY thick cables , made of exotic materials that look fantastic ! The color of the cables really does complement the Playstation 2 . But , above all of the `` aesthetic '' qualities of these Monster cables , they really do work better than the `` OEM '' cables or other third party cables . Better picture quality , better audio , better magnetic shielding . Bottom Line
 My appartment was burgled about two months ago , and my beloved PS2 was stolen , Monster cables and all . I finally got a new PS2 about two weeks ago , and what was the first accessory I got for it ? Yes , you are correct , it was a new set of Monster cables -LRB- S-Video and power -RRB- . My TV only has one set of component inputs :--LRB- so that is where I have my DVD player attached -LRB- with some tremendously expensive AudioQuest beauties -LRB- through their CinemaQuest line -RRB- -RRB- . Anyway , my S-Video input is reserved for my PS2 . And oh what a difference it makes . When I first re-acquired the PS2 , I had yet to receive the cables , and did n't remember the difference that they made . Once the Monsters arrived , however , it re-opened my eyes . If you are looking for the ultimate gaming experience , then look no further than the Monsters -LRB- until , that is , a truly high-end company decides to take a piece of the PS2 aftermarket pie -RRB- . If you have a component input to spare , by all means , use that , otherwise , the S-Video is the way to go.You will notice that the image is much cleaner and crisper . Motion artifacts seem much reduced . The contrast is much improved.If you are going to hook the PS2 through your home theatre , then I would reccommend that you use the PS2 's optical digital out , as it seems superior to its combined A/V port . In this case , I would go with something other than Monster -LRB- AudioQuest makes a tremendous real glass optical digital cable , by the way -RRB- .
 I have a 29 '' LG flatron -LRB- this is an EXCELLENT TV -RRB- , and the quality of the DVD movies and the games when I use the standar AV cables that came with the PS2 was great.Now with my new COMPONENT CABLES I have almost the same quality , the truth is that my TV have lots of filters and amplifiers that improve the quality of the signal and the performance with my new cables are not noticeable . `` My advice if that if you have a good quality TV -LRB- like my LG flatron -RRB- use the cables that came with the PS2 . you will not see any difference . BUT if you have a HDTV you may be see some improvement
 Using the optical-audio output jack on your PS2 is clearly a must for those that already have a digital home-theater receiver/speakers and also log a considerable amount of game-time every week . Unfortunately , I believe that this applys to a very narrow band of people.If you , like myself , meet both the above criteria , this is well worth the investment . Your digital receiver uses the PS2 audio output coming over this cable and digitially splits your game 's soundtrack into six different signals . You will then have six different sounds coming out each of your six home theater speakers . Playing a very soundtrack-intense title like Twisted Metal Black at a loud volume over such a system incredibly adds to your gaming experience.You do , however , need to have a home theater system -LRB- centered by a digital receiver ! -RRB- already in place to make use of these features . Mine costed $ -LRB- ... -RRB- , but you can pay as little as $ -LRB- ... -RRB- for lower end systems -LRB- you can also spend over $ -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- . Overall , it is not worth it to buy a complete home theater just to make use of digital output . But is well worth buying this cable to give you the sound capability it offers if you already have such a system in place.Connecting everything can be confusing , it is not as easy as plug the cord into two places . You must read your digital receiver manual , adjust the settings properly , and then do the same on your PS2 console .
 This must have monster cable is for all the people with small tv 's that ar n't able to read things well playing ps2 games.This clears it all up . And for all you that have bigger tv 's , this monster quality cable will enhance your quality . This also makes the DVD quality better .
 I do n't know all of the technical details that go into this product , nor do I have some crazy home entertainment center . What I do know , is that for the cash , this cable makes the picture and colors MUCH BETTER . I 'm not one to just go and blow cash for no reason , and I 'll say it is worth it and you get your money 's worth out of it and the -LRB- already killer -RRB- PS2 and its games .
 I had my doubts about buying a -LSB- $ -RSB- cable for the PS2 , but all of those doubts were washed away the first time I turned the system on with the new cable . With picture resolution so sharp it hurts the eyes , and better sound performance , this is WELL worth the price . Be sure your TV or A/V receiver has an S-video input before buying though .
 who every says these cables are bad really must not knew what they are saying I have two ps2 one american one imported both use monster cables and a dreamcast which are all hooked up to monster cables for hdtv tekken tag is improved 75 % I can see sweat coming from unknowns body and every thing behind the action as it should be see by true gamers so take it from a person that only plays imported games if you have the money go with monster
 The picture quality on the Monster Gamelink 400 is quite breathtaking , especially on my Mitsubishi 55 '' Wide-screen HDTV . Without going into technical details , this is by far the best way to hook up the PS2 to your television . Before purchasing , make certain that your television has Component video input AND that you have a receiver with fiber optic digital inputs . You will need a TOS-link fiber optical cable to transfer sound as yes , the GameLink 400 does not include sound . TOS-link cables are quite common and can be found for as little as -LSB- PRICE -RSB- for a 10 ' cable , a small price to pay for the huge increase in sound quality and to get the most out of your system .
 This is a great cable for the price . It will fit any toslink device like DVD players , CDRW players , or Dolby Digital Recievers . I am using 3 of these in my current home theater set-up . First of all it is 10 feet in length and sells for around $ 30 . Similar Monster Optical Cables are about $ 50 which are n't labled for PlayStation 2 . I have personally compared these and have found no differences in sound quallity . Second it is a pretty tough cable . My daughter practically used one for a jump rope , and to my surprise it preformed flawless.Something to note
 Hi fellow gamers , If any of you are looking at these reviews to see if the gamelink300 monster s-video cable is for you , well your in luck , apart from all other companies that make products like performance and Sony , The Monster s-video cable has high quality standerds . I used to have a performance s-video cable and i though wow this is alittle better picture , but then i go to a friends house and see the HUGE difference -LSB- on his 27 '' panasonic tv -RCB- on the screen ! I asked him how did you get such a clear , crisp picture ? He said he purchase the Monster s-video cable online to try it out because he has some Monster sterio cables and he decided to give it a whirl . So i purchased it and BOOM ! Instant difference ! The picture is so good its worth the $ ... deffinetly . If your looking for a good cable here it is .
 So I asked myself the same question you are asking on considering this product . Is there really an improvement in video quality that makes it worth the price of buying these cables ? The answer , without a doubt is yes . I was actually surprised when I opened the box and noticed I did n't have a wire , but a fat blue cable that looks like it is supposed to be used for outdoor christmas lights.When playing my ps2 games , I thought the graphics looked fine . The standard cables seemed to do the job . Colors looked rich , texturing seemed sharp , no problems , no complaints . So I decide to follow the advice from the reviews on several sites , and purchase these cables . The comparison was not even close . Games like SSX and Midnight Run looked so much sharper . The snow/landscape was extremely more sharp , and everything just seemed smoother . I also noticed the small details of video scenes could actually be seen . With this cable , this is how the games are actually supposed to look . If you are even thinking of watching any DVD on your ps2 , you defiantly should get these cables . I have a nice 27in tv , the dvd looked fine on the basic cables , but I still noticed a bit of color loss , darkness problems and slight pixelization in close up shops . Nothing terrible or noticeable , but for those people serious on the video quality it could be seen . This cable changed that and I now see my ps2 as a great DVD player.Conclusion ? Buy this cable ! No questions , period ! If you love your playstation2 , do it justice .
 The difference this cable makes is immediately and drastically apparent . It makes the deep , rumbling bass as well as the high-end sounds crystal clear and adds a whole new dimension of realism to every game or movie you play on the PS2 . This clarity also makes it possible to hear the highly-detailed , more subtle background sounds that are often not distinguishable when using a normal RCA cable.The PS2 is the ultimate entertainment console in terms of multimedia quality and capabilities . It demands a cable of the highest quality to take advantage of its maximum audio performance , and the Lightwave 100 is that cable .
 If you have a TV that is compatible and you 're a gamer this is a must . Improved picture quality the moment I hooked it up .
 This s-video cable is definetly a step up from the composite RCA cables that were supplied with the ps2 . DVDs and games are sharper and the colors more vivid when watched using these cables . This difference is not small THE PICTURE QUALITY IS SIGNIFICANTLY BETTER -LRB- ... -RRB- Taking everything into consideration I would definitely recommend s-video cables -LRB- monster 's or sony 's -RRB- to anyone whose TV is compatible . Of course if you own a receiver and a HDTV component cables are the way to go -LRB- Monster 's component cable has no audio ; Sony 's does so you dont need the receiver -RRB- .
 Similar to the component video cables , I found that this was great for DVD 's and offered little improvement in games . However , I would recommend purchasing it if you do watch movies via your PS2 .
 I finally got a good tv and I hooked up these cables to it and all that I saw was smoothness . No Jaggies . and the ones that were there you could barely see . Lets just say that X-Box is goin down with these things .
 I was n't happy with the regular cable that came with my PS2 , so I went shopping for cables . Having heard good things about Monster Cable over the past 15 years , I decided to try this.If you can spare $ 40 for a cable , buy it ! It definately improves the picture quality.Tech Note
 It may seem a lot of money for cables , but the Gamelink -LRB- c -RRB- product performs as advertised . I had used the Sony stock cables and thought it could n't get better , but after plugging in the blue monsters , what a difference . Better and sharper pictures , color blending is excellent , and NO video noise at all . DVDs play even clearer with excellent sharpness . Noticed a difference all around as soon as the PS2 was turned on .
 This is a must , for those who have the connection . It is excellent sound quality , and I use it with a component video connection , which makes it the best . Buy it -LRB- them -RRB- now . trust me
 Heres a way around the no s video on the receiver problem . You just need to spend extra money . But it will make the quality not only picture but also audio ALOT better.If your receiver can accept the fiber optic digital audio input -LRB- PS2 has a input on the back -RRB- you can buy a monster digital audio cable , hook it up , and also buy a monster s-video cable and hook it up to your TV ! -LRB- if your tv has s-video -RRB- . Now all you have to do is turn down the sound on your TV , turn up the sound on your receiver , and you can play it ! Thats what I 'm doing . If you own a DVD player you might already own a optic digital cable , it just might be short . It will still work . Thats what I 'm using , I 'm alternating my DVD 's cable . IT WORKS AND GIVES YOUR PS2 THE BEST POSSIBLE QUALITY SOUND AND PICTURE !! TRY IT !
 At first I was not going to write a review then I was reading the ones that have been written . I see a lot of ... with keyboards . This does not have S-Video on it it is COMPONENT all 3 of theses cables carry a Video Signal . An S-Video has a thing that kind of resembles a computer 's mouse hook up , and it has AV sound traveling with it . Yes it is excelent . But you have nothing carrying the audio signal . I have S-Video on my home TV and my friend is running the COMPONENT . I am not sure how he is running the sound I did not look . S-Video is easier to hook up and more common on TVs then Component hook ups . S-Video is only a little worse then this , but the S-Video is still great compared to the AV that comes standered , and alot better then the RHF hook up that can be bought . I will suggest the Monster Cable S-Video for the PS2 . For my closing , I say this is a good product , and THESE ... WITH KEYBOARDS THAT THINK THIS IS AN S-VIDEO CABLE SHOULD LEARN SOMETHING AND STOP TYPING . I ahte to say this but if you spend only a few mins in an electronics store or something you can learn the difference in them all .
 The Monster Cable GameLink 300 was far superior to any other S-AV cable I tried with my system . A must buy for any person that does n't have component hook-ups .
 I found that even though i dont have a s-video tv , like other people with an older 25 inch tv , I found a NOTICABLE difference in video quality ! On games that i was unable to read the text , it became clear as day . There was also a noticable difference in DVD quality . A must have for PS2 owners with older tv 's !
 I FINALLY GOT A PLAYSTATION 2 AND ONE THE FIRST ACCESORIES I PICKED UP FOR IT WAS THE MON. . CALBE WITH S-VIDEO . THE REASON I GOT IT IS BECAUSE I OWN A SONY DIGITAL BIG SCREEN TV . AND TO TAKE FULLY ADVANTAGE OF THE DIGITAL PICTURE AND SOUND QUALITY , I NEED THE MC . NOW IT WASNT NECESSARY TO GET MON. . CABLE IT TO ENJOY THE SHARP PICTURE QUALITY . BUT WITH IT , THE IMAGE LOOKS FLAWLESS . IT IS INCREDIBLE . THE DIFFERENCE OF THE ORIGINAL RCA PLUG AND THE MONSTER CABLE IS AMAZING . FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF , IT IS THE BEST THING FOR PS2 RIGHT NOW .
 I purchased this item with Monster Cable LightWave 100 Optical Digital-Audio Gaming Cable for PS2 , and it had enchanced my playing games and watching DVD movies on the PS2 . If used properly it makes your video crystal clear even for a DVD player . I reccomend that you buy this item , and if you have enough money buy the Monster Cable LightWave 100 Optical Digital-Audio Gaming Cable it will totally increase your playstations performance !
 Your PlayStation is state-of-the-art in terms of audio quality . PS2 is equipped with a fiber optic digital audio out , enabling you to experience movies and games in Dolby Digital Surround Sound as well as listening to your favorite CDs in crystal clear digital stereo . No matter how you use your PS2 , with pure digital audio connection you have access to the ultimate Dolby Digital Surround experience and the best in home audio entertainment.Digital is the preferred high performance audio connection over analog because it has a wider dynamic range , which results in clearer highs and deeper , tighter bass , without the distortion common with analog connections . Also with digital audio , you do n't run the risk of problems like hum and buzz caused by electromagnetic and radio frequency interference .
 The reason for this is simple . It 's the most inexpensive optical audio cable you can get . The other cables may seem better and heavier but that 's all they are ... heavier . Digital is always digital and optical can not be made better than what it is since it uses light and light is so fast . Do n't look further for any optical cable for either your PS2 or your stand alone home DVD player . You will immediately notice the clarity of the Dolby Digital and DTS soundtracks .
 Unnecessary high price knocks a star off of this one , but they work just as well as the Sony ones . Luckily I got these for free .
 I bought this to replace the standard wires that come with a PS2 . The wires that come with a PS2 are not worth a buck ! As soon as I changed the wires It was amazing ! The colors are so vivid!Cartoon games have AMAZING COLOR ! THrow your old wires in the trash & Buy Monster for game consoles ! YOu will be glad you did , if you like gaming !
 Worked Great ! Thanks for the great service .
 Ok . I just got a big screen , Dlp , t.v. I had not gotten around to picking up a set of monster cables for my ps2 because a lot of stores didnt carry them for very long . So they were hard to find . But when I hooked up my ps2 to my new t.v. , the graphics sucked compared to my x box and gamecube monster cabled connections . So I got on amazon to find monster cables to fix the annoyance . Now I had never experienced s - video connections before . But when I hooked everything up , the ps2 suddenly had better graphics than my other systems . Which was supprising . The color quality is unbelievable . And im not sure if its me but it seems like the graphics themselves are even smoother around the edges . If you have the means to pick a set of these up , I would highly suggest it . It would be a sin not too . And from what I read of other reviews of monster cables similar to this one , -LRB- other model #s -RRB- this is the best one out of all of them . The only downside is that the connection in the back of the ps2 will come loose every now and then . And your screen will loose its color and turn black and white . Then you got to just adjust the connection in the back of the ps2 and the color comes right back . This could just be my own experience with it though . I do have the ps2 set up in an awkward manner . I think Ill probably move some things around later and see if this problum goes away . At any rate , if you ask me , its worth the trouble . And it doesnt happen very often , maybe once a week . I foresee them fixing this with the ps3 , but we 'll just have to wait and see .
 If your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy , like me , I would highly suggest this product . Sounds are crystal clear , and fiber optics is the next step up in technology . My first question for you would be , `` how much do you invest in your gaming ? '' . Once again , if your like me the answer is a lot . My next question would be `` how important is your audio experience ? '' YOu dont know what your missing out on until you actually experience the difference . Very happy with this product .
 I was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality -LRB- colour and clarity -RRB- over the standard playstation cable . Anyone with an S-Video input should consider making this simple upgrade .
 I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my PS2 . I am very happy that I decided to buy these cables . The cable connector fits perfectly into my PS2 , better than the connector on my original Sony cables even . The connectors fit nicely onto my S-Video and Audio connectors on my TV , and these cables look and feel like they are high quality . The video and audio from my PS2 is unbelievable . With my stock composite cables the graphics in my games were grainy and sometimes blurry . Now the graphics are crisp and clear and I only wish I would have bought these sooner . The display from my PS2 and games fits nicely onto my TV in widescreen now too , before the picture was not centered on my TV and sometimes parts of my game screens would be off the screen . I would recommend these cables to anyone who wants to improve the video and sound quality of their PS2 over the stock Sony cables . There are other Monster Cable versions for the PS2 available so choose the one that is right for you , but if you want something that is comparably priced to the Sony cables , do n't need digital audio via fiber , and the next best thing to component and HDMI than this is the cable for you . I am going to pick another set of these cables up for my girlfriend 's PS2 .
 WOW !!! What a difference some cables can make in not only your PS2 games but DVD 's as well . After hooking up to my tv i could notice right away the difference between the crappy standard RCA connections sony gives you . everything is so much more sharper ! i would recomend this to anybody who has a PS2
 I 'm sure my problems are not the norm ... but I hooked this thing up ... it delivered a black & white image and no audio . Just a lot of crackling when I turned the PS2 on . Very sad . Now I have to try and figure out how to get a replacement . Always a challeng online . Good luck with this one.UPDATE
 In short , this cable is very nice indeed , and I really have no problem with it . It did n't give me any trouble so far , and I am very satisfied with the graphic excellence this product can provide . -LRB- On a side note , this cable provides better quality than some composite cables , too . -RRB- If I were to pick ONE thing I did n't like about it , it would be the stiffness of the cable ... but since one would most likely let the cable hang loose behind the furniture or some other electronic deivce -- whatever it may be -- on which his/her PS2 is placed , I do n't think it 'll give anyone real problems .
 How important is sound quality to you ? Are you going to use the PS2 for DVD movies and you already have a dolby digital or DTS receiver ? If you answer yes to either or both of these questions , then this cable is a must have . It 's as simple as that . First off , the only way you are going to get the dolby digital/dts sound and experience the DVD movies the way it should be , you 'll need this cable . The sound quality was noticeable.For those who have a DVD player already connected to your dd5 .1 / dts receiver , you can still connect the PS2 to the receiver , assuming you have a free optical connection on your receiver . Most newer receivers should have at least one of each , a coaxial and a optical connection for digital sound . Mine have 2 of each and currently I have a monster digital coaxial cable connected from my regular DVD player to my coaxial port on receiver and optical connection from PS2 to my reciever 's optical port.Playstation 2 currently does not have any available titles that are capable of dolby digital 5.1 surround sound , but there should be one coming . `` The Bouncer '' by Squaresoft should be the first to implement the 5.1 channel Dolby Digital surround sound and I 'm sure there 'll be more later on . This cable is definitely worth the money .
 I found myself in a predicament on whether to buy Monster 's , Sony 's , or Interact 's S-video cables and decided to go with these because of its advanced technologies -LRB- nitrogen gas ! -RRB- and toughness . And let me tell you , these cables improve the way you see games and movies dramatically . In GT3 , the colors looked much sharper and the blurry font became crystal clear in comparison to ordinary AV cables and the RFU adapter . On the other hand , if you have a RGB -LRB- component -RRB- video output , go with those instead -LRB- Monster 's of course -RRB- because you can even get a better picture than S-video , albeit not a significant one I might add . But trust me , I gaurantee you 'll see a big difference between ordinary RCA and S-video . Also , heed David Akumura 's -LRB- another reviewer -RRB- advice about hooking up these cables to your receiver in conjunction with the optical cable to get the best possible picture and sound from your PS2 'cause I have that same type of hook up . Laterz .
 This product has been unfairly rated by uninformed reviewers below because it does n't carry audio information . IT WAS NEVER MEANT TO ! All is was designed to do is deliver the absolute best picture , which it definitely does . -LRB- Component video cables separate the video signal into three wavelengths to cut down on saturation and bleeding . -RRB- I use my PS/2 for both movies and games -LRB- so good I sold my Sony DVPS-7700 ! -RRB- , and the display is nothing short of spectacular . If you want the best , this is the only way to go !
 I bought these on a whim , and had to fight with my soon to be wife because they are a tad pricey . After installing cables we were amazed at the clarity and crispness of the graphics . It is very apparant when dialoge or words are shown . well worth the money to any respected gamer .
 I was a bit hesitant at first to buy thes cables because of price.After opening the box and pluggin those babys in the difference is extraordinary.The graphics are much clearer and brighter with these monster cables than with the stock ones .
 Yes , I did infact purchase these cables , you might think im crazy for paying so much for these cables but they actually do work ! If you are like me , a person who wants to maximize the performance of the PS2 then you definately will purchase these cables . After playing for a week without them , I noticed many things in the graphics . The graphics for any game on my PS2 seemed to be kind of choppy and not so great , but after I installed my Cables the graphics were really really smooth ! I could see more colors than I could with the regular a/v cables and everything looked sharper , even DVD 's ! So if your looking for high quality cables for your PS2 these are the ones to get !
 I purchased this item with Monster Cable GameLink 300 S-Video AV Cable for PS2 , and it had enchanced my playing games and watching DVD movies on the PS2 . If used properly it makes your audio crystal clear even for a DVD player . I reccomend that you buy this item , and if you have enough money buy the Monster Cable GameLink 300 S-Video AV Cable it will totally increase your playstations performance !
 I bought Sony 's S-Video cable with my PS2 . It cost $ 25 and was fine until I heard about this cable . I already use Monster Cable with my home entertainment system . I already new the money would be well spent and sure enough Monster Cable did not disappoint . DVD quality is excellent . Game visuals did improved . I 'm still trying to figure out why Sony 's cable could not perform like this one ... Thank you Monster Cable !!! Now make one for the Dreamcast !
 When I first started getting into audio/video at age 16 , I spent all of my money on stereo equipment and then financed my car for all of high school . The guy I bought my system from was a friend , and he recommended monster cable . He showed me the differences between cheap and Monster , and I always buy monster 's best products now . I wo n't settle for anything less . The difference on a good system is extraordinary ! The view on the TV is crystal clear , the colors are more vivid , and the contrast is great . The sound quality improves a ton , as so much more detail appears to be present . You can tell that in the improved channel separation . Monster 's 400 's are always the best of their midrange products , and that 's what I use . If I was n't in college , I 'd be using the most expensive stuff they sell . I know it sounds like I must work for them , but no , I am just a college student . To anyone who says that expensive cables are n't worth it , either you do n't care about the quality of audio/video , or you have n't been exposed to the benefits in a proper system . Seriously Recommended . Do n't Buy anything less .
 This is the title of the cable : `` Monster Cable GameLink 400 Component-Video Cable for PlayStation 2 -LRB- 10 feet -RRB- by Monster Cable `` Does it say ` Audio ' in there anywhere ? No . It says Component-Video . Please read the title before you buy . Can save you from looking stupid .
 These Cables Will Make a HUGE Difference in the quality of your images for both DVD and Games.Also , I bent the cable when moving my TV and broke one of the internal wires . I emailed Monster and in FOUR DAYS I had a new cable ! That 's Great Service . This purchase is covered for LIFE .
 When it came down to the decission of choosing between a regular S-video cable and a S-video Monster cable I found myself stumped . I knew a friend who had both so he let me borrow them . I have to say when you switch from the regular S-video to the monster S-video it was an surprising difference ! I found the picture clarity improved by a greater deal and the sound was crisp and clear . I also noticed that the sometimes flickering edges of objects in games had been eliminated . The difference was astounding and was well worth the price . If your a gamer looking for the best picture and sound possible than look no further . For those who say these are junk and show no difference what-so-ever are just not willing to pay the steep price . If your one that does n't rely on a big change in clarity and sound then I suggest you go with the regular S-video cables atleast . They are good for the money . But , if your like me and need the best of the best this is the perfect buy for you . Enjoy .
 I agree that the rca audio cables should have permitted for more than 3 '' . If you are fortunate to have a tv with ` audio out ' like my 32 '' jvc , you can hook up the monster rca 's to the tv ` audio in ' and use a 2nd pair of rca cables from tv out to receiver 's input . Granted you lose some of the quality of monster cables in the process unless the 2nd pair of audio rca cables are monster 's as well .
 It is amazing the difference this cable makes . Quality on DVD 's has never been better . Movies such as Transformers and Blade look much crisper than using standard S-Video cables . This is a bargain considering it isusually -LRB- $ -RRB- - -LRB- $ -RRB- more than Sony 's lesser quality S-video cable . If you really want to show off your PS2 and DVD 's get this cable ! -LRB- It easily beat out my Creative Labs PC drive -RRB- .
 This cable is a must-have for everyone who owns a playstation 2 . I hooked it up to my PS2 and the picture became much clearer . It is a more affordable cable that does n't trade cost for reliability .
 These are the best cables anyone can get for Playstation 2 . They add great picture to your TV . They sharpen and give a higher resolution for all games . Simply the best cables around !
 I researched these cables a lot before I bought them and everyone seemed to say that they were better than the Sony S-Video cable . Let me tell , I KNEW these cables would make a difference but I never would have thought they would make SUCH A SIGNIFICANT Difference as they have ! I have my PS2 hooked up to a relatively small 20 ' Sony TV and the difference is unbelievable ! I put in Madden and the crowd and turf looked sooooo detailed -- that was my test.I convinced my friend to buy them for his 27 ' - inch Sony TV and he 's lovin ' it . Also , I bought the Monster S-Video cables to use with my X-Box and my 32 ' Sony Wega TV and the picture and sound are excellent.The jump in quality from standard composite -LRB- RCA -RRB- cables to S-Video is quite significant . The jump from S-Video to Component is not as significant . If your TV has an S-Video jack , get these cables , PERIOD . People complain about the $ 40 price ?!?!?!?! What the heck is wrong with you people ?!?! It 's only $ 40 and you 're telling me you rather play $ 50 games on a $ 200 - $ 300 -LRB- depending when you bought it -RRB- System with crap -- that 's why they came Free with the system -- cables that has inferior Picture quality ?! BUY THESE CABLES AND EXPERIENCE YOUR PS2 LIKE THEY WAY IT WAS DESIGNED TO ! You absolutely will not be disappointed .
 Like a lot of people , I was more than a little disappointed with my PS2 when I brought it home only to discover the bloody thing would n't play DVD 's worth a. . . well you know what I 'm saying . I was experiencing what I would liken to a tracking problem on a VCR . Flickering , blurred images , etc. . I had sent my PS2 back to Sony twice in an attempt to remedy the situation , and each time was met with more failure.I was at my wits end , until my brother pointed me in the direction of these cables . Now my PS2 plays DVD 's like a champ . BUY THESE CABLES -LRB- Or any of the other monster products -RRB- You wo n't regret it .
 First , let me say this . If you have a S-Video Connection get this -LRB- unless you only have 1 input for your TV and have a DVD player or something -RRB- . I have used the original composite Playstation wires , the original S-video Playstation wires , and then I just got the Monster S-video yesterday . The monster is by far the best . I 'm sure it is in terms of Audio as well , but I do n't know as I use monster 's highest quality digital fiber optic cable for audio -LRB- which also kicks a $ $ -RRB- . The only problem that you might have with this is if you have a reciever and no Audio out on your TV , since the S-video and composite audio cables are joined together until about 3 inches before the end . Do n't try cutting it either , because I tried that with the old playstation S-video cable , and its all connected inside , so I had to splice em back together . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND
 If you own a digital standard or wide screen TV , then this cable is a must have . I 've tried the composite A/V -LRB- which comes with the PS2 -RRB- and barrowed a friend 's S-video cable to compare the three and the component video cables blew them out of the water -LRB- this is a 56 '' HD wide screen so the clarity is very noticable -RRB- . We later tried the component video on the same friend 's TV -LRB- 36 '' Sony Wega -RRB- , which was not HD compatible , but did not see much of a difference on that TV . So if you have an HDTV , the picture clarity will truely be impressive , especially Gran Turismo 3 and DVD videos . If you only have a regular TV with component , composite , and S-video inputs , do n't waste your money because you wo n't see much of a difference from the composite or S-video connections . Plus you will need an optical audio cable to get sound which is also pretty costly .
 I have purchased the Interac component video cables , the Interac S-video cables and the Monster 400 Component video cables for the playstation 2 . I use a Toshiba flat screen that has both s-video and component inputs . I did n't see much of a difference between the Interac s-video and the generic low-end s-video -LRB- although maybe should have allowed for burn-time longer than 2 weeks with more than my average use of three hours a day ? -RRB- Similarily , I saw hardly any difference between generic component -LRB- with minimal shielding -RRB- and Interac component cables -LRB- which are manufactured by Acoustic Research by the way-a good cable company.I recomend their Pro series cables , a great value , esp . the audio cables -RRB- . With the Monster 400 component cable , I immediately saw a slight difference . The picture was a bit brighter . The images looked a little sharper ; so much so in fact that I had to turn the sharpness controls down.At the same time , the colors were somewhat more vivid and `` smoother '' looking , with a little less dot crawl.I paid the price for the improvement however . The monsters were twice the price of the Interac components , which have silver-coated copper conductors I believe.Don ' t get me wrong , I am not a biased Monster fan . Imho , I think it is a well-known fact that they charge a lot more for the same quality cable.As a matter of fact , I did return the Monster cable to the store I bought it from , because I did n't feel like paying 90 bucks cdn . right now for just a slight increase in picture quality.I confess that in future I am considering ordering componet cable from bettercables.com . It has silver-coated copper conductors . Well , yes so do the Acoustic Research pro series components.But the bcs have something that the Ars do n't mention on their packaging
 I read all the good and bad reviews and still bought the component video and optical sound cables . What a difference . Wow ! Not only do the games look sharper than before but the sound and vision on the DVD is also excellent . I have a pretty nice system with a high end Denon receiver , a Mitsubishi large screen tv and Paradigm speakers . I have the whole system monster cabled . Trust me , the result is AMAZING Well worth the slight investment !!! Kudos to Sony and Monster
 It seems there are alot of confused people out there who are disappointed in this cable . C'mon , do a little research if you 're unsure ! I was rolling on the floor after reading about the guy that stripped his cable into pieces trying to plug some of it into his TV and some of it into this A/V receiver.This is a component video cable . COMPONENT VIDEO . For those who are unfamiliar , this means a couple of things :1 . Your TV must have component video inputs -LRB- one each for red , blue and green -RRB- 2 . This cable has nothing to do with AUDIO ! You must have a seperate cable for audio -LRB- digital optical -RRB- 3 . This cable has nothing to do with S-Video ! 4 . This cable has nothing to do with composite video!If you have a smaller TV -LRB- say 27 '' -RRB- , you 're not going to notice much difference with these cables , as far as how games look -LRB- if you think you see a difference , I 'm not saying you 're wrong , just speaking as to the magnitude of improvement experienced on sets of different sizes -RRB- . Even at 27 '' , you 'll probably notice more of a difference if you 're using your PS2 as a DVD player -LRB- but get a cheap proggressive scan DVD player instead if that is your motivation for buying these cables -RRB- . People who will benefit most from these cables are those with larger TV 's , especially HD . Guaranteed you 'll notice a difference at that level ! This cable gets 4 stars because it 's overpriced . See similar products from Sony and Madcatz .
 WOW , when I got the Gamelink 300 cables ... I was blown away ! When I played Tekken Tag Tournament and SSX , it was so much sharper and added more color . This is a very nice cable !! If you get games like SSX , TTT , Madden2001 or Time Splitters ... YOU NEED THIS CABLE !!!
 I was n't sure if buying this cable would make much of a difference , but it really does ! Edges are much smoother , color saturation is better , and textures in PS2 games look more detailed due to less picture distortion . DVD playback also takes on these improvements . DVD 's now look even more lifelike and clear . The RCA jacks should n't be underestimated -- they bring slightly louder and clearer sound compared to the ones that Sony provides , but you 'll mainly notice that they pump out more bass -LRB- if you have a decent home theater setup -RRB- . A high quality console deserves high quality cables . They 're worth every penny !
 Although I experienced pretty good quality with the original cables when playing games , the DVD playback suffered with a grainy picture . Installing this cable improved the picture quality to what it should be . Highly recommended if your dvd picture is not up to standards .
 An S-video or component cable , if you happen to have the right connections , is almost a must for playing a PS2 on an HDTV . This gets the job done well and is plenty long .
 The PS2 was my first console and I used to be a total boss at Star Wars
 After reading the reviews about the tightness of the connections , I was wary to purchase this at all . But at $ 15 it was too good to pass up . ____ Connection ____ When connecting to the back panel of my Hitachi 42 '' HDTV , they were indeed tight . But , instead of forcing them on like a caveman , I gradually rotated the RCA plug clockwise , and it was able to slide on with little effort . Note that this cable has no built-in way to loosen the connections . Unscrewing the cable just exposes the wiring , which is of no use to someone installing it . And when trying to remove it , pulling it out will most likely rip out the TV 's jacks . Again , twisting gently I am able to remove them with little effort . ___ Video Quality ___ Using the cables supplied with the Playstation 2 -LRB- composite -RRB- , video quality on an HDTV is quite horrible . The difference between the composite and the Gamelink 400 is remarkable . Even on games without Progressive Scan , it makes everything so much clearer . That 's because unlike composite , which is compressing the signal into a single cable -LRB- resulting in poor video quality -RRB- , component video transmits the video over three cables -LRB- uncompressed -RRB- . And for games with Progressive Scan -LRB- which require component connections -RRB- , the graphics are astounding for a console as old as this . ___ Other Notes ___ As this particular cable does not include audio , I use a Fiber Optic cable , and because this type of cable transmits digitally , you can get true 5.1 Surround out of the console . So far , this has made me actually play my Playstation 2 again -LRB- which is the SCPH-39001 model , and yes , it still works -RRB- . A great purchase .
 great product , amazons products and service is great !!!!! my opion one of the best sites to purchase from period !
 If you plan on watching DVD 's on your PS2 , then this is a very worthwhile purchase . I have a nice Sony flat screen and while this did not make a tremendous difference for gaming , the picture difference was quite evident and blew me away when watching DVD 's . If you plan on using your PS2 as a DVD player , this is a good purchase .
 One word sums it up
 The game link 400 is the greatest thing since sliced bread , It is packed with power form your ps2 to your tv , This is a must have if your tv has component plugs . It delivers crisp , clear graphics , and images . Infact the dvd playback that you get from your ps2 with these wires is just as good as my pricy toshiba dvd player . So is the gamelink 400 worth the price ? In my opinion ... every penny , you must check out the difference for your self , its like night and day , that even a moderate gamer would appreciate , you 'll be convinced , you got to go with monster cables , all the way !
 The bright side : You CAN get better , crystal-clear picture quality . After using S-Video for several years and the going to component , you 'll instantly notice colors on the TV you have never seen before . It 's not easy to put in words , but if you are ever in an electronics store , look for a demo comparing composite to S-Video to component , and you 'll be amazed . Paying the extra money to go to component is definitely worth it when it comes to your DVD 's . The dark side : When it comes to DVD 's , this component output is incredible . When it comes to your PS2 games ... no noticable difference in my view . Maybe there is or was , but it did n't catch my attention like it did with the DVD picture.Is it really necessary or worth the money to get Monster Cables ? In my opinion , the answer is NO . I did a test with a 3rd-Party Component PS2 cable ... no difference whatsoever . It seems Monster Cable jacks up their prices with their unnecessary mumbo-jumbo features of how they were constructed with nitrogen/plutonium and the gold/diamond/kryptonite ingredients -LRB- I 'm not being completely serious , by the way -RRB- ... but , hey , cables are cables . I mean unless you have like thunderstorms , hailstorms , tornadoes and/or massive electromagnetic fields generating in your living room , yeah , you may need these high-quality , invincible cables . But in my opinion , there 's no real need . So what if these quality cables last a life time ? Name a single person in this world who would keep a PS2 for so long in his/her life.My advice is to just get the cheap cables . They are good enough . Or look for the Monster brand cheap like I did on eBay . Seeing that Component cables have three jacks , I 've noticed many people make the mistake believing audio is included ... NOPE . Those three Red , Blue , and Green plugs are for video ONLY . Go with component , but not Monster brand .
 # 1 , this is in my opinion a MAJOR upgrade if you play games at the very least a couple times a week and have a more up-to-date monitor/TV -LRB- preferebly widescreen -RRB- . I recently upgraded my tv to the Sony KF-42WE610 LCD , this is in itself a big leap in color , detail , etc. . However as an example , GT3 . . one of the best games ever made . Beginning credits with the Polyphony logo I can actually see the `` grain '' inside the engine walls just before the ignition and the engine starts . Replays look like real-time footage . In-game while playing if you are able to draft the car in front of you , you can see the sky 's reflection of clouds off the car in front of you . Now , granted this detail has just as much to do with the TV that i have and the fact that i used Sound and Vision 's HT setup DVD setup disc . Which brings me once again to my initial point , if you are not seeing results it is not the cable it is your TV , recommend upgrading to at least a flat screen CRT that is HD compatible . In order to take full advantage of your TVs capability , you should calibrate it using a DVD such as S/V setup DVD or Avia Guide DVD . Definitley worth the money IMO .
 If you have component inputs on your TV your likely an enthusiest who will appreciate this hi-end cable . I originally purchased the pelican S-Video at launch , and then purchased the Gamelink 400 as soon as it was available . Its was well worth the wait . Performance is very good - the colors are more defined , especially red . The reds are no long `` glowing '' but are rich and controlled . It gets 4 stars because its a little on the expensive side , but I would n't want any other cable . If you have the money , buy it .
 I plugged the cables into my entertainment center and started it up and was pleased with the clear and sharp images as well as blown away by the distinct difference in audio channels , particularly bass tones -LRB- like in GT2 the Sports Muffler upgrade -RRB- . A great accessory for any PS2 owner without an S-Video or Component Video connection . P.S. . It also works with PSOne !
 It does make a difference to those with a trained eye . Especially on medium to large TV 's . I own both the Monster Cables and the cheaper eBay cables.The cheaper cables have smeary colors , horizontal discolored lines , and horrible ghosting . FOR EXAMPLE
 When I bought these cables a year ago , I was hoping for something a little cheaper , but your options are limited these days . The Sony component cables are hard to find , and I do n't want to be stuck with another MadCatz clunker . Monster is notorious for overpricing their products , even if they are of good quality , but in all honesty ~ $ 20 for video game component cables is a pretty good price . I was using a pair of aforementioned MadCatz S-Video cables for my PS2 , and while they did provide a better picture than the standard composite cables , they crapped out within 18 months . Monster made a great cable here , and after a year of service they still provide a great signal through my component video switcher . As everybody else will tell you , there is noticeable improvement in the video quality with these cables . However , this cable falls one star short of perfect because of the thick cable connectors . They were difficult to plug into my switcher and leave room for other normal sized cables .
 excellent quality . i used this to hook up my ps3 to my mixer since i dont have fibre optic audio . there is a very large difference in quality . noise is reduced dramatically . i am very satisfied . only downside is the blueness of the cable looks out of place .
 ship fast , and good video quality.it also has the 2 stereo connections , i do n't use them but there there if any one needs them . very good quality cables .
 For those who find out , when you hook everything up thru the receiver with a s-video cable , all your rca jacks no longer work for video , this fixes it all . The cable is also heavy enough to take the abuse that the kids give it when they move it from room to room , that is hooking it up from s_video to rca on other tvs .
 This is a really good quality cable and I do notice a better picture using it . The cable is a bit pricey though .
 Great upgrade for the PS2 ; component video is much better than conventional RCA hookups . Couple it with a fiber optic cable and you 'll be able to achieve , crisp , clean sound as well .
 I have been using it for the PS2 for several years and I love it.Now , I just got the PS3 so I wonder if it is compatible with it.I do not seem to be able to get a component signal out of this cable in my PS3 so I wonder if it is the cable or it is me just not being able to set it up correctly.Any insight would be greatly appreciated.Thanks
 need to info customer that Optical sound cable is required for sound from PS2 console .
 ok , I have n't really used this cable ever . I 'm interested in getting it though because I have a reciever and whatnot . I heard that the digital audio was n't compatible with some games , like Fantavision . how about the games for PSOne ? does this cable work with PSOne games ? I do n't want to make a mistake buying it and not being able to play all my old games . if that is the case , I 'll get the S-Video cable instead . someone please answer my question . thanks !
 These cables bring out the BEST in the PS2 . With these cables , pictures are so clear and crisp it is n't funny . It 's SO detailed that in Ridge Racer , you can see INSIDE the windows of buildings ! Tekken , has fully 3D looking Backgrounds . It 's amazing what simple cables can do
 This product should be a set standard for anyone planning on having a home audio and a ps2 ... This is a must have , but only for use with a home theater . . Thanks for the great product ...
 I already bought 3 of these for my friends and they are the BEST in terms of audio/video quality!NEVER use stock cables !
 This game is pretty good . Except that I had to download a patch to make it run properly . I LOVE being able to dress up my kitty . The kitten does NOT grow as said on the box but that does n't matter . My kitty has all the best toys bed , etc. . I love the mini games . The one with the cat and the mouse is great . I have all the mice . All the foods . And all the water . Anyways buy this game !
 The skins themselves were everything that I wanted . Only thing is that the controller wo n't fit in the charger with skin on . Hope they can make some adjustments to skins so they can make a controller / skin combo that fits in charger .
 Remote works great . I received it before I even received the Wii that I ordered it to go with .
 This game was one of my favorites growing up . The gameplay is super addicting , and there are suprises and secrets around every corner . With a large array of weapon upgrades and missions to complete , this game will leave you wanting more .
 I ` ve played this game it ` s good but hard but thts the point of video games to test our minds . Th best part is you do n`t have to sit there with just your instinct to get somewhere you can talk thats right talk to other video game charecters the give you info and just tell you stuff you thiink is just normal in life .
 I ` ve played this game it ` s good but hard but thats the point of video games to test our minds . Th best part is you do n`t have to sit there with just your instinct to get somewhere you can talk thats right talk to other video game charecters the give you info and just tell you stuff you thiink is just normal in life .
 I love this game so much ! The plot is the greatest and it does n't take long to get it going . It 's challenging at times and very fun at other times . I 've beaten this game so many times and I never get tired of it . If you are a Megaman fan then get it ... . NOW !!!!!! FASTER !!!!!!!! NOW !! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 In my opinion , the game is very fun . The game play is pretty similar to Zelda 64 , except you have many different guns . The graphics and plot are pretty good . Even after I beat it I still played it . The only down side of the game is that you beat it after a couple of days , but it is still fun to play .
 People have said this is n't a Mega Man game because the main character is n't the same guy as in the original series and the plot is different . But by that definition there has n't been a Mega Man game in three years , and there has n't been one released in the US in five years . And the game does have a lot in common with the original series , as I 'll explain . Also , this game was released four years ago , on the original PlayStation , so those of you complaining about the graphics seem to have missed the point . Especially those of you who think the graphics alone take it down to 2 stars -LRB- hello , this is Casual Gamers R Us , how may we help you ? -RRB- . Anyway , this is sort of a spinoff of the Mega Man series , like X or Battle Network . At some point in what is apparently the past of the normal MM series , people live on small islands using machines powered by refractor crystals , which are found by people called Diggers in underground ruins . It 's a dangerous job , though , because the ruins are inhabited by dangerous `` Reaverbots '' who attack any intruders . MegaMan Volnut , one of these Diggers , crash-lands on Kattelox Island , where he searches for parts for his friend Roll to use to rebuild his airship ... and then pirates attack , and then weird stuff starts happening whenever MegaMan goes into the ruins ... and ultimately MegaMan has to save the people on the island from being wiped out.Now for the details . MegaMan , like every other character by that name , has a Mega Buster , but it actually works more like Bass 's Forte Buster in that it 's aimable and it rapidfires . The ruins play more or less like 3D versions of Mega Man stages , but there 's not necessarily a boss in every level -LRB- though there are plenty of bosses -RRB- . The controls are excellent and can be reconfigured if you do n't like them -LRB- you might want to switch the sidestep and turning keys -RRB- . There 's also an `` overworld '' where you do n't have much fighting to do -LRB- like in most RPGs -RRB- . It 's not really an RPG where you gain levels and stuff , but it 's similar -LRB- think Zelda here -RRB- . The good news
 This game is not that bad ... actually ... it was quite fun . If you 're a MM fan you 'll love this ... The story line has it 's simplicity and complexity . It 's has areas in the game where you can make choices that determine some of the outcomes ... but do n't get me wrong this is not an RPG . It 's sorta half of that , the other half being action/adventure . There are a few movie scenes which were kinda cute . Hehehehe ... you can do a few things in the game ... like jump on roof tops ... ride on the back of trucks ... providing you get some of the hidden treasures hidden deep within the bowls of a ` dig site . ' But I do n't wan na spoil the game for yah ... but the storyline thickens the more you play ... oh ho ... so it wo n't be that simple . Granted the storyline is n't that dark ... like in the Megaman X games ... for those of you who know it ... but it is rather interesting . You meet some unusual , annoying , or frustrating bosses ... but that 's all part of the game ! If you every get loss on what to do ... count on the monkey with the invisible drum ... heh ... bet I lost you on that one ... if you wan na know ... play the game ... and see ! ^_^ Ja Ne !
 I LOVE THE GAME !!! you got ta buy it ... it even works in windows XP !!! for all you out there wondering if this game has the quality your looking for , it has GOOD quality !!!
 Megaman is the best game that I 've played in my whole life . It 's cool , funny , and really witty because you can kick a soda can into a bakery counter and get bonus money . Buy the game . You wo n't regret it .
 This game is really fun and exiting , And by playing one it is easer to go with the story of two.Besides who doesent enjoy blasting away pirats or fighting cool robots . all in all this game gets a 4 rating from me .
 Megaman Legends is probably my favourite Capcom title and a contender for favourite PSX title . It 's a little bit RPG , a little bit action , a little bit puzzle ... Capcom 's developers DO know innovation , though you would n't know it by looking at whatever Resident Evil or Street Fighter Hyper Alpha Pink Mongoose 4 sequel is splattered across the market at this time.The game scares a lot of oldschool Megaman fans . These people do not want something new , they want linear level design with a cute little boss and a victory pose . Megaman Legends is n't really about getting to old Doc Wily or Sigma or who-cares-who and pounding his face until he stops being evil . The plotline is `` whimsical if kidsy '' as opposed to `` kind of a loose frame for murdering robot dudes '' . It takes very nearly the whole game for there to be anything serious.Purchase this game and love it . Only a gibbering fool would hate a Megaman game for not being the same as the thing before .
 Though I got stumped on this game shortly after the fight with the Marlfox digging bot , I still had an awsome time with this game . The best part is kicking vending machines and blowing them up then reading the report on them in the police station . The best part is definately taking cover behind Rolls car to fight all the tanks . This is a must have for all Megaman fans .
 The Megaman game is fun IF you could not care less for having this be a continuation of the series . If you like the original series , you might not like this because it could not be any more different from the tv and NES/Super NES/Gameboy series . If you have no idea what megaman is and have no idea what i am talking about , you would probably like this game .
 I liked this game . No , actually , I loved it . It was great to be able to play a MegaMan game in 3D but if your like me , you beat it in a day or two then get sort of bored of it . It was great that they tried making the game longer by giving difficulty settings after beating it but it just was n't enough . If you really want to play a good game , this is one of 'em ... but be prepared to finish it in a few days . After playing this game though , I realized that MegaMan games are n't meant for 3D . It just ca n't beat the original side scrolling MM games . Im really fond of the X series . I would n't mind seeing a MMX in 3D just as long as it has alot of the original concepts to it . Well ... Thats enough from me =P Later ! ^ . ^
 Did you know that Tron has a crush on Megaman ? When you save her from Paprika -LRB- the dog -RRB- , she walks slowly towards you and starts to blush!She is kinda hot too ... Ill betcha she wants to get in bed with him!but ... Megaman is already occupied by a REALLY hot chick ! ROLL -LRB- Megaman 's secret wife -RRB- ! I think she 's hotter than Iris -LRB- Zero 's secret wife -RRB- and Alia -LRB- X 's secret wife -RRB- . But the rest you 'll figure out along the way .
 This is a wonderful return of the series to it 's roots . At least for the most part . There are shadows of warrior within but not many . YOu do have to do the dark prince bit . THese parts are fun , but nothing compared to the brilliance of The light prince parts . The light prince parts are just like sands of time . THankd Goodness . Only this time they are better and prettier . yes , I said better and prettier . This game is well worth the price of admission . Buy it and you will love it . THE GOOD PRINCE IS BACK .
 Just as a disclaimer , I write this with no experience or knowledge of the other two games except that which I can discern from this game ... and also having beaten Prince of Persia
 So , if it 's such an excellent game , why 4 stars on `` fun '' rating?Well , it 's a very very fun game , but some parts can get annoying and aggravating . And it seems as if the different levels of difficulty are achieved by handing you less and less health upgrades , which is kinda cheap , if you ask me . They physically limit you , instead of strategicly doing so.But everything else is great about it . Graphics are great , not excellent , but great . Sound is great too . Gameplay is excellent and the story is very well developed . Kinda on the easy side in normal level , though . But , I guess nothing is perfect.Go ahead and get this one . It 's worth what it costs .
 Prince of Persia
 Prince of Persia
 What an excellent way to end an excellent series . This game capitalized on all the series strengths . Prince of Persia
 I RECENTLY BOUGHT THIS GAME AND I HAVE NOT PUT MY CONTROLLER DOWN ... THE STORYLINE IS AWESOME , THE GAME IS VERY WELL BALANCED , GRAPHICS SUPERB ... THE FIRE EFFECTS ALONG WITH THE TORN DOWN BABILONIAN CITY JUST LOOKS AMAZING , , , SO NICE THAT YOU JUST STOP PLAYING AND STARE FOR A WHILE ... YES ITS THAT GOOD ... THE MUSIC IS 100 % ADEQUATE -LRB- ARABIAN -RRB- ... -LRB- NOT LIKE THE RIDICULOUS ROCK THEMES FROM PART 2 -RRB- ON THIS ONE HE HAS LIKE A DOUBLE PERSONALITY , ALTER EGO TYPE ON THING , WHICH ALSO ADDS KUDOS TO THE GAME ... IN OTHER WORDS THE PRINCE NOW LOOKS AS SLICK AS DANTE AND GOD OF WAR AND RYU FROM NINJA GAIDEN ... -LRB- YES IT GIVES YOU THAT BAD * # % FEELING -RRB- ... FROM WHAT I HEARD , , THIS GAME HAS AN AWESOME CONCLUSION ... IT IS TRULY A MUST HAVE SINCE THIS WRAPS UPS THE TRYLOGY AND IT DOES IT IN THE BEST POSSIBLE WAY ... GIVING YOU THE BEST EXPERIENCE YOULL EVER GON NA HAVE WITH THE SERIES ... OHH I ALMOST FORGOT '' THE STEALTH KILLS '' TOTALLY AWESOME !!!!!!! ITS A QUICK WAY TO DISPATCH OF YOUR ENEMIES WITH THE TOUCH OF A BUTTON -LRB- IF DONE IN PROPER TIME -RRB- AND BOY DOES IT LOOK GOOD !!!!! YOU CAN ALSO HANG FROM YOUR DAGGER ONCE YOUR AGAINST A WALL AND FROM THERE RUN SIDEWAYS AND EVEN JUMP THE OPPOSITE WAY ... -LRB- AMAZING !! -RRB- SO MANY NICE THINGS ABOUT IT THAT MY FINAL WORDS ARE -LRB- BUY THIS ONE -RRB- IT DESERVES IT AND YOU WONT REGRET IT ... ITS SOMETHING TO HAVE OVER THE TIMES ...
 THe game itself is great . However I do n't recommend you buy it -- it wo n't work with the xbox 360 . : -LRB-
 This game is easily the best installment in the Sands Of Time series ! It 's so much fun to play over and over and the new moves like speed kills and Dark Prince 's daggertail chain are awesome ! If you loved Sands Of Time and Warrior Within , you will definitely enjoy playing this game !
 The game is fun.I would recommend it for anyone who likes a good action game with a few puzzles tossed in .
 This game sticks to the storyline its fun to play with some quirks here and there . I would write a full review , but if you want to finish off a storyline this one is the way to go . If you like the first and the second you cant go wrong .
 This is an excellent game . I truly enjoyed this game . It is the culmination of the Sands of Time series . It is also my favorite game in the series . I really enjoyed the innovations in game play . The graphics are great , and the cut scenes are spectacular . The story is rich , and there are elements from the Sands of Time and Warrior Within present in the Two Thrones . I seriously recommend this game to all those who played the first two games . Prince of Persia is the greatest series of games to ever be created .
 First off , this game is very addicting and so much fun . Prince of Persia
 This game is a must have . All other action games take the backseet . The killing is exceptional , especially the speed kill system . YOU NEED THIS GAME !!!!!
 ancientchicken - Prince of Persia
 My favorite type of games are stealth game with good graphics and excellent free form camera angles . In other words Splinter Cell . Anyway , the new stealth element to Prince of Persia and the improved camera angles go along way to making this one of the best and funnest xbox games ever . You can take your enemies by suprise now ; it no longer has to be just a button mashing game . Also the usual puzzles that are in all POP games are fun as well . Give it a try .
 The final entry in the `` Sands of Time '' saga is here.On a journey homeward bound , the Prince finds out his home has been taken under seige.Sadly he has lost everything . Yet now determined to take back Babylon , and save his land & people.Play as the Prince , obtaining new fighting techniques . And don your blades as you fight various foes.Plus use the sands to aid you along your quest . Or play as his darker entity , the `` Dark Prince '' . Using the Dagger of Time & chain whip , using unique combos on your adversaries.The gameplay in Two Thrones is second to none . Take back the land of Babylon by taking down various foes with brutal combos , or use the new `` Speed Kill '' system . Survey Babylon across rooftops , lower streets , and catacombs . All the awhile avoiding pitfalls , traps , and many obstacles along the way.The story is very compelling , and keeps you motivated as you progress.Narrated by the Empress , and also told by the Prince himself . And as it unfolds , you 'll take part in an exciting quest.With an an orchestral soundtrack conducted by Inon Zur , and original music by Stuart Chatwood -LRB- The Tea Party -RRB- . This game is not to be missed .
 Prince of Persia
 I still remember when the original Prince of Persia came out . Not the Sands of Time , but the two-dimensional PC version from the nineties . It was one of my favorite games . The series dragged for awhile , and then they began the current trilogy by releasing the Sands of Time , Warrior Within , and now , finally , The Two Thrones.It 's necessary to talk about the previous two games for a bit , because The Two Thrones takes a lot from both of them . In Sands of Time , what I felt was the real strength of the game was the storyline , along with superb voice acting and graphics that were ahead of their time . The prince was versatile and very easy to maneuver . Although the game was rather short , it was a fun ride . The major complaint about that game was its fighting engine , which was , admittedly , a bit bland and boring . With Warrior Within , they greatly improved the fighting engine , adding all sorts of maneuvers and combos and two-weapon fighting , which added another level of fun to the game . What Warrior Within seemed to lack from the first game , however , was the atmosphere . The prince did n't have Farrah -LRB- from the first game -RRB- as a companion to work with , and other than with boss fights , there was little dialogue . It was a much ... darker game . Bloodier , gorier , and the music was laden with Godsmack and all sorts of heavy rock which , although during a few of the battles I thought it made it fun , seemed out of place.The Two Thrones took what worked from both of the previous games in the trilogy , and dropped what did n't . The fighting engine from Warrior Within has returned , and has been improved . In Warrior Within it did n't really matter to me if I had two weapons or not ; in this game the prince is MUCH deadlier with a second weapon -LRB- and also seems to lose it faster -RRB- . I kept on finding I was looking to pick up a second weapon often , which is something I liked . They also added ` quick kills ' to this game , where if you can sneak up on someone it gives you a sequence where you have to press the slash button as your blade lights up -- and it 's not extremely easy . The window you have to hit that button in is short enough to give you a challenge , but not too tough . Plus , they have quite a few different animations for it , so you ca n't just get used to one pattern for it . Boss battles have a level of difficulty , but are n't too tough.The storyline of this game is also done very well . They lightened up the atmosphere that was so dark in Warrior Within . Although it 's definitely not a light-hearted storyline , the voice acting and lighting in general seems to have made it much ... cheerier . The prince -LRB- as you can tell by all of the previews and the artwork on the cover of the game -RRB- is now , well , schizophrenic . His darker side -- I guess you could call it his warrior within -- is now a voice in his head , and the prince banters with his darker half constantly . I found myself looking forward to the dialogue as much as anything else in the game , especially towards the end of the game.A note of caution about the story
 In an industry that has become so lackluster that finding a worth while game is a one in a million shot , the POP -LRB- Prince of Persia -RRB- series has stood out like a 40 karat diamond . A highly original story backed by amazing game play is the key to what makes POP so brilliant . The original next gen release , Sands of Time , was engrossing to say the least . The follow up , Warrior Within , while not a fan favorite hit close enough to the mark to be enjoyable . I own both and would recomend them to anyone without a second thought . The Two Thrones , the final addition to the trilogy , is following in big foot steps . The Prince has come home to find everything in ruins . From moment 1 The Two Thrones is outstanding . borrowing graphics from WW is something that I can overlook for the sake of the amazing story that follows . All the new elements and added gameplay make for an exciting re-learning of POP . For fans of the series Ubisoft took what was great about SoT and WW and made an even better final chapter , while losing what was not needed . To anyone just picking up the POP series I would recommend you start with Sands Of Time you ca n't go wrong . Either way this is an exciting end to a series that has brought millions joy , pain , and out right entertainment . If I could give this more stars I would .
 I 've been a fan of the Prince of Persia series since I was a little kid . PoP 1 was great , Pop 2 was absolutely unreal . PoP 3D was ehhh ... but then two years ago , along came a game that changed everything . `` Prince of Persia The Sands of Time , '' the first game in this amazing adventure game trilogy took everyone 's breath away . The gameplay was original , flawless , and beautiful . The storyline sucked you in and did n't let you go even after you 'd beaten it 6 times over . It was a flawless game.Last year , the first sequel , `` Prince of Persia Warrior Within , '' was released . While the game contained improvements in the quality of the graphics and the `` freeform fighting '' techniques , the game was less pleasing to both critics and gamers . Ubisoft had turned the humrous , witty , intelligent prince from `` Sands '' into an angry , nu-metal-rocking , humorlous scoundrel who seemed hellbent on ruining everyone 's time . While the story was equally as engaging as `` Sands , '' `` Warrior '' failed because it simply was not as much fun to play . Luckily , Ubisoft saved the best for last . `` The Two Thrones '' is easily one of the greatest games I have ever played . In concluding one of the greatet videogame trilogies ever created , Ubisoft have developed a near flawless game . It is as though they took the strengths from both games , removed the weaknesses of the second game , and created a thing of pure brilliance . `` The Two Thrones '' contains all of the witty , punning elements from the first game and mixes them with the exciting , more violent elements from the second game while removing everying that ruined the prince 's demeanor in the second game . The original , fun , saracastic prince is back , and largely because Ubisoft has also brought back one of the things that made `` Sands '' so great
 The end of the `` Sands of Time '' trilogy marks a successful return to the style and fun of Prince of Persia - Sands of Time . The Two Thrones combines the good fighting mechanics of Warrior Within -LRB- WW -RRB- with the downright utter enjoyment that the Sands of Time -LRB- SoT -RRB- started two years ago.The story picks up where WW left off , with the Prince returning home to Babylon . Before you know it , the sands of time make a comeback and the Prince is left in peril in order to save his kingdom . All the great platforming tasks of insane jumps and crazy obstacles are here , as are most of the `` sand powers '' found in the first two iterations.Gameplay is the same for the most part . The new `` speed kill '' system is quite fun , but some may find it eases the fighting difficulty quite a bit . That being said , its not always the easiest thing to pull off , especially when multiple enemies are involved , but a cool addition none the less.The graphics look better than ever , a slight improvement over WW , and a remarkable improvement over Sot which was jaw dropping only two years ago . The rendered cut-scenes look good and the sound is clear , including all the voice acting where the original actor from SoT has returned to voice the Prince . He does a great job again and really adds to the overall quality of the game . The music is a return to the orchestral sounds of eastern decent , and the hard rock has left the building to much acclaim.This game is very linear , which some people may stray away from . There is no multiple back tracking like WW . However it is enjoyable from start to finish . Even the new chariot races are interesting , but some may find them slightly out of place . There is one Boss fight in-particular that will cause many frustrating moments to all . After a few times -LRB- or perhaps dozens -RRB- studying the patterns and getting your attack down , it becomes no problem.I did experience one glitch that caused my game to freeze at a certain point several times . After searching around on message boards , it seems to be a common problem . I was able to get past it after resaving over the save point file . A word of advice - have at least a few different save files along the journey so you do n't have to start over at anytime.The ending is completely appropriate to the trilogy , and leaves you hoping the Prince will one day return . This game is a little on the short side . At around 7-8 hours for me to complete , it seemed shorter than the previous two . All in all , a great game . A must play for anyone who enjoyed the previous two , or for fans of third-person action adventure . You owe it to yourself to play the first two beforehand though , if only to see the story from beginning to end , and to experience one epic adventure .
 The third installment since the rebirth of the classic series and presumably the final chapter in the `` Sands of Time '' saga , `` The Two Thrones '' takes the best elements of `` The Sands of Time '' -LRB- game one -RRB- and `` Warrior Within '' -LRB- its sequel -RRB- and caps the franchise with style , finesse , and gameplay as sharp as a scimitar blade.You once again assume the mantle of the nameless Prince of Persia . Returning home to Babylon at long last to find it in ruins and its people at war with an army of sand monsters , the Prince also finds himself in the company of old friends ... and old enemies . Cursed , he comes to find his body and soul split in two , and periodically his wicked self , known as the Dark Prince , rises forth to wreak havoc and take control of the Prince 's body . The storyline is entertaining , its characters more developed than in most video games , and it strikes a nice balance between darkness and light-heartedness ... something `` Warrior Within '' failed to achieve . In essence , it 's what you would get if you took the tone and presentation of games one and two and rolled them together.As mentioned before , the gameplay is not far from that either . While `` The Sands of Time '' set the tone with its acrobatic platforming , which remains pretty much in tact , `` Warrior Within '' took that game 's weak combat mechanics and fleshed them out into something a little more interesting . Happily , both elements are retained and improved upon in this new installment . What 's more , `` Tenchu '' - like stealth kills are now available . While they 're far from perfectly executed -LRB- sometimes they seem unresponsive -RRB- , they nonetheless offer a fresh twist and the opportunity to avoid hand-to-hand combat in many circumstances.The Dark Prince is another significant addition . Regularly , throughout the course of the game , the Prince transforms into this alter-ego - a sand monster version of himself that is able to use a weapon called the Daggertail . This weapon functions much like the Belmont whip in a `` Castelvania '' game , allowing the Dark Prince to attack his enemies and also swing from poles and light fixtures to access new areas the Prince could n't hope to reach . While stronger than the Prince in combat , unfortunately for the Dark Prince he must sustain himself with a constant supply of sand power or succumb to death when it 's all been used up . That makes these portions of the game more intense , and , on rare occasions , a little more frustrating.Also new to the series are the chariot trials , sequences during which the Prince must escape via horse-drawn wagons through hazardous environments at full speed ahead . While they provide a nice change of pace when they do actually occur , they are relatively few and the trial and error nature of them can lead to irritation.There are only a few glaring flaws in `` Thrones . '' The sound effects and ambient music retain their inconsistent , buggy feel . Too often the dialogue sputters and repeats like a broken record , and the music kind of fades in and departs with little rhyme or reason . As well , the graphics suffer from some pretty blatant clipping problems . The engine has aged pretty gracefully , but it has aged - at least the character designs and architecture go a long way keep you distracted from the occasional failings of the visuals . `` Prince of Persia
 i recently rented pop III and honestly i cant put the controller down . ive played the first pop and it too was phenominal . my favorite part is the split personality . if you want a challenging fighting game this is the one to buy
 I continued playing this series because the PoP-I had such a great story and character interactions . I was really disappointed in PoP II when a lot of that was lost , the Prince 's personality dramatically changed , and the gameplay focus shifted to fighting.However , the Two Thrones makes a great comeback by combining the best elements of both of the previous games . A lot of the great story writing and the character monologues are back and you start to feel like you can connect with the Prince again . At the same time , the fighting elements were improved with the addition of speedkill . I felt that in PoP II there was a little too much button smashing in the game . Its great if you 're playing Dead or Alive , but for an adventure type game like Prince of Persia button smashing should n't be at the forefront.Given that though , the game is still ridiculously hard in some spots . The fighting is still difficult so much that near the beginning of the game , I started over in easy mode so I could focus more on the story and physical environment puzzles rather than button smashing.The biggest thing about The Two Thrones is that the whole game is about TIMING . Even the fighting is really about timing , e.g. with speekill you have to hit the button just at the right second . Even in the `` big boss '' fights its more about navigating the terrain and doing things at the right moment instead of being able to smash the right combos into your controler to hurt your enemy . In a lot of parts of the game you have to jump at the right time , rebound off walls at the right time , strike your enemy at the right time etc.The sand powers are a little bit simplified but still pretty important . Like in PoP II it really helps to slow down time to navigate terrains and to defeat enemies . You also get a couple of new moves in this game , like being able to rebound of shutters diagonally , being able to stab dagger plates , as well as the Dark Prince 's new abilities.In terms of story I do n't really understand the real need for the Dark Prince , but it sure was really cool to play him ! You can really kick butt with the daggertail . Another nice thing about The Two Thrones is it ties up loose plotlines , and since I 'm so into the story , that 's really a plus . I would give it 4.5 / 5 stars overall !
 The Prince of Persia
 This one of the best Prince of Persia titles I have played in a while . The game is very difficult but the action is intense and you will definely get your moneys worth . I 've been playing it for 3 days now after I got it for Christmas and I have already encountered missions that I thought I would never escape from . I recommend you buy this title . It is truly a great 3rd sequel .
 If you liked either of the first two Prince of Persia installments , you 'll dig The Two Thrones . Elements of each of the preceding games are still incorporated and there are a handful of new gameplay features . Some of the new features are new acrobatic abilities , a second playable character -LRB- the Dark Prince -RRB- who has his own unique set of abilities , and chariot riding . The score style music of The Sands of Time and the free form fighting of Warrior Within are both back for this nicely blended finale . Definitely check this out if you liked the first two . If you 've never played the first two , you 'll still relish this one if you enjoy sword fighting/adventure/puzzle games . In addition to the groovy swordplay , it is a very unique story and is quite unlike most of the games out there.With the variety of moves you can dish out , you 'll be serving up more combos than McDonald 's !
 Prince of Persia The Two Thrones is one of the best games I played bieng able to stealth and ability to play as the Dark Prince or the Prince of Persia makes this an interesting game to fight the weaker half all his ability slightly less then the good half and to use the Dragon tail on enemies . and no crontrol of when you turn into the Dark prince an interesting feature , the chariot race where he is hunted in maves he goes thru that he is hunted thruout the game , but this is a story of how he learns to be a prince and the deafeating of mass enemies to show gratitude for his position , overall a grEAT GAME
 POP : TTT is an amazing and truly worthwhile game . The gameplay and graphics are awesome . Not to mention the new characters , as well as the return of some old ones . POP : TTT is a must have !!!!
 Works for windows vista 64 bit with compatibility enabled for 98/95 . Nostalgia is not a factor here . Good gameplay stands the test of time . The story however , is a bit well , linear compared to previous wing commander games . Do not let this fool you though , this is great space combat at it 's finest and the last in the Wing Commander series of any note.I 'd recommend this game if you were into sci fi and had a hankering for old fashioned gameplay over glitz and glamor today 's refined products offer . Enormously satisfying . That is all I can say.On a final note , I 'd recommend a game pad or joy stick to maximize your enjoyment of your product . Modern pads/sticks seem to have no problem being mapped to this software .
 What will probably be the last Wing Commander game ever , Wing Commander Prophecy stands as a wonderful final dog fight in space . While you 're not playing as good ol' Chris Blaire , he is in the game and gives your character alot of support , mostly in cutscenes but there are a few times he flys with you . It seems appropriate that the series ends with the death of the driving character . The story is really exciting with a good amount of twists to keep it interesting . Classic dog fighting game play with a major speed boast . A must for space simers and action gamers alike . I must say I will miss this series , I already do , but with the expansion pack the branching missions you 'll have plenty to do .
 i would have to say that the game is very good , except for the wing commander secret ops . the reason i say this i that i have try to work it on my pc and it will not work . i have rebutted it sevrel times and i still get the same error for it . which is you need to install glide2x . dll for it to work . ihave that on my computer . but it does n't take the game . the althrough thing is that this pc game is a windows 95/98 version game for pc . you can play the wing commander prophecy part of this game on your pc and this part work 's very well . i would llike to say that if anyone know how to get the althrough part of this game working please let my know . by emailing me at phillipmad123@yahoo.com thank you very much .
 Chris Roberts decides to take you away from the scene for a while and you no longer make desicions A. or B. in `` inter '' acive movies , but in the cockpit via your flying skills and your wingman . Looking out for # 1 does n't cut it either , you must also look out for your Wingman . Not a bad Noob cast -LRB- intentinally that way -RRB- better than the `` movie '' . Casey -LRB- Lance -RRB- was related to `` Iceman '' -LRB- to my memory since my copy is in drydock with scratches/grime -RRB- so continuity reins true here . Hamil Reprises his role in a less active place as the Admiral -LRB- blair -RRB- . And a new cast as well as old favorites like Tom Wilson 's `` Maniac '' still a hot shot pilot with no reguard to orders from anyone -LRB- including Blair in last story -RRB- . Hawk , and a few others who do n't take kindly to Casey as they did your old character -LRB- Christopher Blair -RRB- . The cockpits return from WC4 's lack of them to a more open view so you do n't need to hit the `` full screen '' key if you have trouble siting , the cockpit will move , as with phyisics with sharp veers as to indicate your `` pilot '' taking the force of the turns/banks/and rolls . This concept was implimented also in Tacheon with much cooler ships , but works here this the amazing vistas.-don ' t turn it up w/o Voodoo though . -LRB- sux -RRB- . V/o in cockpit a bit much compared to sound/music . Wakes up people too at late night dogfights . In game movies/cut seens are better and the LCD 's in-flight movie much more detailed than WC3/4 . - like watching `` Hardball '' with Chris Mathews in your mini-van , espeically dealing with major plot turns . The `` expansion '' has little plot , but is good techno jam 'n fun with your boggies . typical late ' 90 's attitude.personally I think -LRB- save key areas of dialogue -RRB- WC3/4 has a more interesting plot/characters but that is not to say I do n't like this , I do . The acting here is more dymanic and less dead pool -LRB- eg . Hamil stalling in a doorway/sighing all the time post a briefing or running away from his `` duffle bag '' / bar table/ect after stowing it/dialogue with Eisen , Sosha , whatever , from the other WC 's -RRB- . This is the way a movie should flow . the `` cut to '' camera to next scene quicker sharper . -LRB- and probably becasue no `` interaction '' in this one -RRB- .
 Completely realistic poker . You have to fold a lot of hands to win . Really fun when you can get a full house and stick it to em ...
 The Prince of Persia series has left a huge mark on the gaming world . The newest in the series makes that mark permanent , keeping true to the entire series . Fans old and new alike , should be satisfied.The prince has returned from the Island of Time to Babylon with his new love Kaileena . To those who did n't see the alternate ending to the previous title , Warrior Within , you may find yourself a little confused here . As they come into the harbor , they 're ship is invaded and Kaileena is captured . You soon find that the man behind the attack is the vizier from the very first game . He then murders Kaileena and unleashes the sands of time on Babylon . As the prince , you 're going to battle to save your kingdom and avenge your lover 's death.The prince has to worry about more than just the sand creatures and the viziers warriors . Because of the sands of time , he 'll also have to confront his arrogant self from the past . There will be moments in the game where the prince will have a conversation with ... well ... himself . The darker version of himself . This stems from the fact that Warrior Within suffered heavy criticism and complaints from fans about how arrogant he was in Warrior Within . This in and of itself would be easy to poke at were it not done so well . The voice acting is A + material , and the change is consistent throughout the entire game.You 're also given the oppurtunity to play as the Dark Prince from time to time . As the Dark Prince you 'll have an interesting weapon that resembles a chain . The Dark Prince is much more aggressive in combat , and a lot of fun to play as . The downside , however , is he constantly looses health . Luckily for you , this is n't a problem at all . Every enemy you defeat drops health to restore you . You should n't run out of health very often . The only hard part about playing as the Dark Prince is his acrobatic moments . You 'll eventually get it down , but you 'll probably die several times first.There 's a new technique added in The Two Thrones . This tactic is known as `` speed-killing . '' By sneaking up behind an unsuspecting enemy , you can grab them . This begins an animation known as the speed-kill . The game will then pause for a moment and you 'll have to press a button to execute a strike . You 'll execute anywhere from one to five strikes . If you do n't press the button , the speed kill will fail and you 'll have to fight the enemy the normal way . But hey , if you mess up , you can rewind and try it again . The animations are incredible looking , and they 're a lot of fun to pull off.You can run across walls and perform some really awesome jumps of course , something Prince of Persia is very well known for . Several puzzles throughout the game require you to run along walls and jump to switches to get through . Again , some of them are done by a bit of trial and error , but they are , for the most part , fun.There are also chariot races , but they 're not much fun , really . A simple mistake could cost you your life . Once again , trial and error will be the key in succeeding . The good news is that you 've got the sands of time on your hands . If you horribly screw up at any of these trial and error moments , you can easily rewind back so long as you 've still got some sand.The game looks gorgeous . The environments are a lot of fun to explore and sulk in , and the character models look good too . It 's obvious at some parts that it 's the same graphics used in the previous two games with almost no changes , but the previous games were gorgeous anyhow . Some of the pixels do n't quite fit in with the environment , and that 's okay . You probably wo n't notice them.If you 're looking for what is the best of the three versions , there 's no clear winner . The XBOX version has great load times , but a few lighting effects cause it some problems , and the PS2 version suffers from slow down in some areas . There 's almost nothing wrong with the Gamecube version , but it depends on what you want . If you want fast load times , go with the XBOX version , it 's lighting problems are n't really that noticeable.Overall , Prince of Persia
 Finally , the ending to the Prince of Persia series ! A few new twists , a new alter ego , but still the same core experience that gamers have come to know and love . While there are a few areas that could have been better , overall this is a great title.Gamers who have played the previous PoP games will feel right at home with the game . The controls are the same , save for the new Speed Kill system which is extremely easy to use . Combat is similar to how it was in Warrior Within , with one base weapon that you can not lose and a free hand that you can use to pick up various other weapons that are strewn about . The speed kill system , the new way of disposing of your enemies adds a new experience to fighting . Instead of taking on hordes of baddies in traditional hack and slash style , you can sneak about and dispose of your enemies silently one at a time . The animations for these kills are an absolute delight , if somewhat limited.The boss battles are a nice touch , as they were hardly memorable in the previous games . With two bosses in the first game and two or three in the second , all of which required you to simply run up to your enemies and do what you always do ... mash buttons , there was nothing really special about them . In The Two Thrones , most of your boss battles will require speed kill actions at some point or another . This is wildly entertaining , as often you will be heaved high into the air and must use a well timed speed kill attack to stab your opponent and stop from falling to your death on the way back down.At various points in the game you will use a chariot . This is quite simple and generally easy . If you die ... use rewind to try again ... not much thought required . I feel that this aspect of the game was thrown in as an after thought , and could have really been fleshed out more . It feels almost forced at points , and can get annoying.The prince has returned with the mentality he possessed in the first game . He feels much more noble and inclined to help others . I was a bit put off by his `` bad boy '' attitude from Warrior Within , yet this time around he feels much more like the original prince.For fans of the first game , you will be delighted to find that Farah is back ... with an attitude . She does n't come off as the same innocent girl that she was in the first game , and she has a more commanding voice . She does n't do any fighting for you , although at various points in the game she will aid you in completing puzzles.And finally , the most interesting character in the game makes his first appearance ... you . Well , the dark you ... whatever that means . The Dark Prince is a corrupted version of the Prince of Persia who is much more adept at combat , can access areas that the Prince can not reach , and who has a much more evil attitude . Punish and kill , that is what he enjoys . While in the normal prince mode often the park prince will talk to you in your head . While in dark prince mode , the normal prince will have his say . The Dark Prince can not pick up vanquished enemies weapons , but hey , who cares . He uses a weapon called the Daggertail which is essentially a bladed chain that you can whip about . This weapon deals serious damage and allows you to vanquish enemies at a great speed ... For first time plays this game may feel long , but for veterans of the previous games it may come off as somewhat short . It felt shorter than Warrior Within to me , and with the Speed Kills much of the time you spent battling baddies will be taken away , as speed kills usually take 2-4 seconds to complete , with a few lasting a good bit longer . There is not as much emphasis on combat as in Warrior Within , and more on story.The environments are great , spanning from dungeons to rooftops to the famous hanging gardens and Tower of Babel . Graphically the game looks very good , if somewhat technologically dated.The audio in the game is also quite good , although herein lies one of my biggest gripes . I with they would pick a voice for each character and stick with it throughout the series . The voice for the Prince is the same as the voice from the first game , but different from the second game . Farah 's voice is different . Kailena 's voice is different . And ... an old enemies ' voice is different as well . The voice acting is good , and the sound effects are , in my opinion , much better than in the previous games . The hard rock music from the second game that seemed so out of place is gone , replaced with Middle Eastern sounding music which fits much better.Overall this game is highly entertaining and well made , if someone short , and should provide both fans and newbies to the series with lots of entertainment . Although if you are new to the PoP series I highly suggest you purchase and play the first two games before getting into The Two Thrones so that you have an idea of what 's going on . I am sad that this is the last Sands of Time themed Prince of Persia game , although hopefully the makers will continue to produce great PoP games in the future .
 This is a wonderful return of the series to it 's roots . At least for the most part . There are shadows of warrior within but not many . YOu do have to do the dark prince bit . THese parts are fun , but nothing compared to the brilliance of The light prince parts . The light prince parts are just like sands of time . THankd Goodness . Only this time they are better and prettier . yes , I said better and prettier . This game is well worth the price of admission . Buy it and you will love it . THE GOOD PRINCE IS BACK .
 Having played all three installments of the new Prince of Persia trilogy , Two Thrones is definitely the most balanced and entertaining of the bunch for me . It basically recaptures the charm and beauty of the first game , Sands of Time , and mixes it with the graphical detail and refined gameplay of the second , Warrior Within . It also throws in several of its own improvements and innovations , and ties up the storyline in a very clever and satisfying way.The Prince has returned home to realize that his adventures have undone the good he has accomplished , and that Babylon has been taken over by the evil Vizier . Ubisoft took what was basically an `` indoor '' game engine and convincingly created a vast city with it . The Prince can still run along walls , hang , jump , flip , and do all kinds of physical tricks to get through environments . Combat still suffers from enemies unfairly ganging up on you , but a new quick kill system lets you polish off enemies with a little cleverness and good timing . It really keeps the fighting from bogging down the game.Like Warrior Within , you also get a second version of the prince to play with , the Dark Prince . He carries a chain whip which is very effective in combat , and also provides new ways to get through areas . These sequences are not as time sensitive as in Warrior Within , and mix up the gameplay without being frustrating . Again , Ubisoft refined it until they got it right.Besides this , there are some inventive boss fights and chariot riding sequences to keep things exciting , not to mention unlockable goodies for collecting sand . Two Thrones might feel like the easiest of the bunch , but it should be if you 've mastered the first two installments . I love this game for both its storytelling and its gameplay , a rare combination . If you have n't touched this series at all , start from the first one and work your way up . If you 've played the others , it 's worth going back to Persia again to see how it all ends .
 This was supposed to be the final installment in the franchise but thankfully it was n't as we got `` Forgotten Sands '' . I 'm sorry , but I do n't want the `` Persia '' franchise to end.I do n't care if there are ten different trilogies as long as their all as good as this one was.I thought `` Warrior Within '' had a few missteps.Missteps that thankfully were corrected for this version.The good.The music is back and much more fitting for the game.The combat is new , refreshing and definitely fun.There 's no annoying backtracking like the last game.The Dahaka is thankfully also gone.They also brought back the original voice actor from `` Sands '' and he was sorely missing from `` Warrior '' . Most importantly the ATMOSPHERE from `` Sands '' is back.With `` Thrones '' I think the developers finally struck the perfect balance between combat , platforming and puzzling.The lenght of the game is perfect also.Not too long , not too short.The final level simply has to be played in all it 's trippy awsomeness to be believed.The bad?Nothing.There , that was easy.All in all like I wrote earlier , this was supposed to be the end of the franchise.If it HAD ended it would have been the perfect send off.As it is we got the incredible `` Forgotten Sands '' for Wii.Please Ubi Soft , keep giving us more Prince.In a world of crappy games , we need this series . `` Two Thrones '' ... Brilliant.Ingenius level design.Incredible graphics for the Cube.A must play.Highest Recommendations for this game and the entire franchise .
 fun game to pass time on the assassinating is really fun and adds sort of a cinematic feel to the game
 It is a fun game where you play as the Prince of Persia to reclaim his home from evil forces that trying to rule the world .
 I was hooked on Prince of Persia ever since I picked up Sands of Time on a whim , not knowing what I was getting into . I have the entire Prince of Persia series , including the Sands of Time trilogy , added in Forgotten Sands , and the new Prince of Persia.Story
 The game is a fun acrobatic-combat game and a great storyline.If you have played the other games in the trilogythen as you know he had made the mistake that actully changed the world , and then goes 10 years back in time inthe second one.He now failed and has to stop the monstrous sand beast from getting to the top of the tower before him .
 this game is amazingthe supplier sent it in the best conditions as stated in the notice
 Every game that I played has a camera system that 's a little nuts , and this game is no exception . Other than the two boss battles where my ability to rotate the camera on my own was taken away by computer control , -LRB- which I did n't like -RRB- the game was pretty good . It ended very very well , and the platforming , game play , story , and music were all also good . Looking forward to playing the fourth POP game . Very nice game to play .
 Having played the original 1989 game on PC for years I was amazed with Sands of Time . Warrior Within seemed to depart from the original tone of the story . While the game play was excellent Overall it did n't feel like Prince of Persia.The Two Thrones is an amazing chapter to the story of the Prince . Drawing on themes of the original game it feels right at home within the Prince of Persia world . The story of reclaiming your kingdom and the added feature of a Dark Prince are excellent homage to the original . Incorporating the new fighting style of Warrior Within the game looks more like Sands of Time . Best of both games .
 In my opinion , the Prince of Persia Trilogy is the best game series . Period . Regardless of the great graphics , fun gameplay , and incredible control , the storyline is just amazing . There are few games enjoy playing over and over once I beat them , but aside from Resident Evil 4 -LRB- 10 stars !! -RRB- , I have played this series through twice already , and I know I will do it a few more !
 Ok ... finally received the game and the kid loves it ! Not quite certain who was responsible for the very long delay in shipment . Could have been Post Office as another product I received also arrived late . Outside of the late receipt , no complaints .
 this game was fun hard challenging and very entertaining . the story line is the best i have seen since final fantasy VII . great game . great fun .
 I am a big fan of the free range/hand -2 - hand fighting with swords and no guns or upgrade that makes you the baddest in the game -LRB- even though you are in this game -RRB- . The grafics may have taken a turn for the worse in this game over The Warrior Within such as bad character grafics but do n't let it overthrow the great landscape and area grafics . For some reason the enemies have better looking grafics that the actual characters in the game . But it is much better than POP
 Wow , Ubisoft does it again ! I can not believe ESRB gave this game Mature because of Nudity . Theres not nudity at all . The graphics are amazing and very intricatly rendered . Gameplay is very decent too . The acrobatic manuevers are cool , but take sometime to master . What I love about this game is the Dark Prince . He is the embodiment of the negative traits of the Prince -LRB- wats the princes real name ?? -RRB- . He also weilds a dagger-like weapon similar to Ivy 's in SoulCalibur . He can do much more damage and acrobatic manuevers than the Prince , but he slowly loses health . The storyline is average , but overall I give it 4 Stars.Well Done Ubisoft .
 very good . loved the new dark prince and all the combos . but seriously ... DONT GET IT IF UV NEVER PLAYED ANY `` POP '' GAMES
 The first game , Sands of Time , was a 3D platforming classic with a lovable hero , a great story , and it was fun to play . The sequel , Warrior Within , had an improved battle system but now our hero got turned into a nu-metal rawker wannabe who says stuff like `` you ***** ! '' with Godsmack music blaring . Well to cap off the trilogy , The Two Thrones expands on both games providing not only a culmination of the good parts but some new ones as well.Story
 SO what . it dosent have any nudidy it doesnt have anything not bad words nothing i think because they made warrior within was Mso they dont want to change it back to teen . so if you think that the gore is why the blood isnt that bad the only time it has blood it when you have a quick attack and the gore not that much only when you do combos this is a great game its fun the story a little weirder than the warrior within but its a fun game
 I really loved this game and the overall conclusion to the whole trilogy . It was really fun and the atmosphere was beautiful -LRB- just like the first one -RRB- . But the reason I gave it 4 stars was because , although the loading sequences did n't take long at all on Gamecube , the graphics were n't that great they were kind of choppy , but I think it 's because it was on the Gamecube . I do n't know if it was just the game that was designed for gamecube or if it 's for all the systems but there were some bad qualities in the characters too -LRB- such as Farah 's hair moving through her chest when she moved and the voices being off sync -RRB- . I 'm totally not downing the game though . I loved this game , I loved it more than the second one but the first is still my favorite . This one took the atmosphere of the first one , dreamy and beautiful , and the prince has the same voice from the first one . Also the gameplay is fun and the storyline is great . But it was way too short if I should say so . . It was fun , I recommend it .
 I 've been a fan of the Prince of Persia series since I was a little kid . PoP 1 was great , Pop 2 was absolutely unreal . PoP 3D was ehhh ... but then two years ago , along came a game that changed everything . `` Prince of Persia The Sands of Time , '' the first game in this amazing adventure game trilogy took everyone 's breath away . The gameplay was original , flawless , and beautiful . The storyline sucked you in and did n't let you go even after you 'd beaten it 6 times over . It was a flawless game.Last year , the first sequel , `` Prince of Persia Warrior Within , '' was released . While the game contained improvements in the quality of the graphics and the `` freeform fighting '' techniques , the game was less pleasing to both critics and gamers . Ubisoft had turned the humrous , witty , intelligent prince from `` Sands '' into an angry , nu-metal-rocking , humorlous scoundrel who seemed hellbent on ruining everyone 's time . While the story was equally as engaging as `` Sands , '' `` Warrior '' failed because it simply was not as much fun to play . Luckily , Ubisoft saved the best for last . `` The Two Thrones '' is easily one of the greatest games I have ever played . In concluding one of the greatet videogame trilogies ever created , Ubisoft have developed a near flawless game . It is as though they took the strengths from both games , removed the weaknesses of the second game , and created a thing of pure brilliance . `` The Two Thrones '' contains all of the witty , punning elements from the first game and mixes them with the exciting , more violent elements from the second game while removing everying that ruined the prince 's demeanor in the second game . The original , fun , saracastic prince is back , and largely because Ubisoft has also brought back one of the things that made `` Sands '' so great
 This game is WELL worth the buy . The story does n't have too many surprise twists , but still is a lot of fun . Rather than the story supporting the game , it seems like the game supports the story -LRB- always a good sign . -RRB- Game play is easy to learn . However , it would be highly recommended to start with the first in this series -LRB- Prince of Persia
 This game is really excellent . It is set across 30 levels , through a number of detailed 3D worlds . In a lot of the levels , you travel through , collecting coins , and punching enemies out of the way as you go . However , each and every level is different and unique . Sometimes , you get to travel in different ways , such as snowboarding , travelling in a space ship and a jet ski too.The levels are colourful and there are a number of different enemies to overcome which are not too difficult . The levels start of quite basic but gradually increase in difficulty . However , they 're never so difficult that you ca n't be bothered to play anymore.This is a really fun and addictive game . I 've completed all 30 levels but I still play them again , to beat my time or just to have fun .
 ik wil graag kao the kangaroo voor de pc bestellen en aan postbode betalen
 Worms World Party is just like worms armageddon , just a couple of more weapons in my opinion!But saying that it is a gr8 game all the same.Excellent 4 having a laugh with yer m8 's . If u want 2 save yer money then buy Worms Armageddon , But if you want extra level and a coupl more weapons then get Worms World Party.Go on Buy it !!!!!!
 What can I say but that the Worms series has always been one of the most fun and addictive games out there . It 's strongest asset is of course it 's multiplayer capabilities . You do not need a fast connection to the internet to enjoy playing it against other worm-crazed fanatics . I have played this with a 33.6 modem and noticed no `` lag '' whatsoever.It 's a great game for adults and kids alike -LRB- there is no blood or gore -RRB- and the worms are just too darn cute!Worms World Party has not yet been released yet so I can not honestly say how wonderful it is , but after playing Worms , Worms2 and Worms Armageddon I believe I can safely say that Worms World Party will not let anyone down .
 Amazon what is wrong with you these days ? This game is not for the PC as listed , the version I wanted , it is for the Dream Cast . Amazon please pull your head out of where you stuck it , your site and service is getting worse every time I try to buy something .
 Holy Gilligans Island ! I got this game a while ago and found some secret stuff ! listen all you peoples who have it ! 1 . Mega Bomb Drop-Play 400 Multiplayer Games * and go to the weapon screen . Make the Nalpalm Strike and the Air Strike theonly items on . Play one more multiplayer game . go to the weapon screen and it should have a new weapon ! -LRB- This weapon is like Air Strike except they are Bombs that act like a Holy Hand Gernade -RRB- * After you complete 400 games you should hear an explosion .2 . `` Ultra Warfare '' Stage-Complete all 1 Player Missions and do multiplayer mode for 20 Hours . You should hear an explosion after the 20 hours have been played . Ultra Warfare is a place that is from the original Worms Armageddon `` squiggle '' level and drops bombs and missiles almost every turn . ITS VErY HARD ! FOR ADVANCED PLAYERS ONLY!Thats all i know so far . ill keep on updating if i get more stuff .
 this game is very good . Buy it , BUY BUY BUY !! i rate this game on a one to 10 scale an 11 . BUY , because if you dont buy this game you hate children . You do n't HATE children , do you ???
 I 've been a hardcore wormer ever since the original worms , and I can tell you they keep getting better . All though I have not played the game yet , I have found out that there are tons of new weapons , including a girrafe that is sort of like a Concrete Donkey -LRB- for those of you who do n't know this is one of the best weapons there is -RRB- and a few new utilitys . There are also 40 new missions a bunch of new trainings and even an editor to make your own missions !! And also for Deathmatch there are new upgrades such as multiplayer . Furthermore , for all you veteran worms there is a `` Wormpot '' which holds over 90 different variations to the game where you can pick your own or the computer randomly picks one for you . And if your a newbie there is a new option that gives you discriptions as well as teaches you how to use all the weapons -LRB- exept the secret ones -RRB- in the game . And once your finished with the single player you can go online and play any fellow wormer from anywhere in America to England and more.The internet games now hold up to 18 players at a time so you can have a big game with everyone in your neiborhood . Trust me , Im just a kid -LRB- my father also loves the game -RRB- , but if you 're even the smallest gamer you 'll love this action/turn-based strategy/comedy mix . Take it from me , its only a 2D game , but your gon na be putting Unreal Tournament , Command and Conquer , and the rest of 'em away for a long , long , long time once you get your hands on Worms World Party .
 This is one of the worlds best games
 The Worms series of games has a dedicated following , and for good reason . It 's just darn cute , clever andvery fun to play , particularly over LAN with otherWorm fans.Warning!The US release has a very serious problem that stopsthe game from even loading . That can be very disapointingafter waiting a week for the game , tearing of theshrink wrap , installing and then , CRASH ! `` Illegal Operation '' . Fortunately , there is a patch available from the developer ` sWeb Page that fixes the problem . Still , this sort of thingshould never happen . My experiance with these sorts of situationsis that a couple of years from now I 'll go to reinstall the gameand the patch will no longer be available on the shiftingsands of the Internet . So if you buy Worms World Party in theUS , download the patch and burn it onto a CD for safe keeping .
 Although no new weapons from Worms Armageddon , it is a a great improvement . All weapons are at your fingertips from the start . There are 20 multiplayer missions , on or off-line which are an absolute blast . You now have a mode of play for `` Fort Games '' which makes it a whole lot easier to play forts . Multiplayer games with the `` Wormspot '' is excellent , with options from `` Super Rope Mode '' to `` David and Goliath '' you can mix and mach to create more modes of play then you ever thought imaginable . Training is very challenging , even to a seasoned wormer . There are more missions and they are more challenging then ever . WormNet , as always still has problems , but seems to be going well . The worst part is they still have not restarted the rankings on WormNet . All in all it is a great game and very well put together .
 Worms World Party is a strategy game . The graphics are great . Play control is precise . The weapons are abundunt and versatile . Sound effects are good but can be customized . This is by far my favorite game , along with Worms 2 and Worms Armageddon . It takes a little while to learn but it 's well worth it . The better you get the better the game gets . I just ca n't get enough
 A reviewer on May 26 commented that the quality of WWP is suspect because the ` producer ' is failing to meet their schedule . Ignoring all the various possible replies w.r.t. the nature of game production , I just want to point out that Team 17 put this game to gold about 2 months ago . The fault for the US release delay lies with Titus , and as far as THAT goes , I share the aforementioned reviewers anguish at this pointless delay.WWP Has been available in the UK for a month now , and is reportedly quite good . Though arguably WWP gives you little more than you could get with W : A plus the ` Fiddler ' -LRB- an unofficial program which allows a remarkable level of tweaking of basically every detail of W : A -RRB- , WWP DOES give you the ability to use all these niceties ONLINE with other people . I consider that to be a big plus , and am drooling in anticipation of the day , years in the future , when Titus actually releases the @ # $ ! * game to market . I have not played WWP yet , but I can confidently say that I know as much as it is humanly possible to know short of that , and I therefore have no reservations with giving this game five stars.Happy Worming !
 Worms World Party is a game with an moderately steep learning curve . It 's control scheme indicates it 's clearly aimed at the game platform crowd , but it works very well on the PC platform . My work colleagues and I play this game on a regular basis - once you can master the basic controls , it 's a tremendous amount of fun.Don ' t let the cartoon-like 2D animation fool you - this is a game that requires considerable strategic planning several moves in advance . The number of powerful weapons only adds to the strategic choices . Shall I use the Ninja rope , swing over a cliff , and drop a Holy-hand grenade ? Shall I release an exploding sheep over a deep chasm to destroy an opponents worm ? Should I fire Patsy 's Magic bullet instead , eliminating a worm half-the-map away . The strategic possiblilites are endless.The Ninja rope is particularly useful , as it allows you to swing over cliffs , or into crevices , and plant explosive weapons in places you would n't be able to otherwise.You can choose to play the single-player campaign , but the multiplayer is the very best reason to buy this game . Play this game with friends ! And do n't forget to bring your exploding sheep to this party !
 I have been playing worms now forever it seems . Once again , worms has done it again . This game is great . The missions are challenging and I love domintaing people online . Definitly purchase this game .
 Many of you reviewers have obviously had trouble installing your game but my copy just had no trouble at all ! I inserted the disk , it began to spin and that screen came up , i selected install and went thorough all that stuff yes put a shortcut blah blah blah and the game was fine ! It ran just as good as any other game i have ! But about the actual game , it is incredible . You can crete computer controlled teams such as mine which i named Punching Bags and wage wars against them with your own made teams . Overall its a great game for PC but dont buy i on GBA . Not that its bad on GBA but i still need to get my own copy!Hahahahahaha .
 all my frieends have wwp . im getting it of amazon tonite . i always have 2 go over 2 there house 2 play against them and other people.now i can play against them with the online feture sitting in my own house i cant wait to play them there r awsome moves 2 like the ninga rope it toke my a while 2 get used 2 it but no that i am im ready 2 kick my friends u no whats online ! got ta go order it c u around bye yall .
 Although I have not actually played Worms
 once tim dunn wrote a poem that was subsequently published in gold and blue and creative too . it went something like this.books are fun.books are funny.books are fun and lots of funny .
 I had this game for about 2 years , and I thought `` Maby I should right I reviw about this game '' , and here Im righting it.Really I dont like playing with the computer cause its boring , so uselly I dont play against the computer.I have Windows 98 , Pentium 3 , and it runs great . -LRB- well not realy anymore since I scratched very badly -RRB- . Well I love playing this game with my freinds , and they love playing it too.I always beat them.The best thing in this game is the wepons like , Supersheep , Armagedon , Sheepstrike , Donky , and more.WWP , is defently better then the first one.Some people say its the same , and im going to say they are right exept there is more weapons , levels , and options.This is what you can do in Worms World Party
 I bought this game after playing the free Worms Armageddon Demo . I really enjoy the game and it runs great over our mutliplayer network , although I noticed that there was not much of a difference between this version and the earlier `` Worms Armageddon '' version . That being said , I would strongly recommend this game only if you do NOT have any previous versions of the Worms collection .
 WWP is very very fun , with great new modes of play like oprative missions and Forts . This is a game worth buying , and if your like me it will give you hours and hours and hours of fun . Im still not tired of the game . The best about this game is the ability to play on wormNet , where you meet people and challenge them to a game . You connect to servers/games and join in on the fun . This is a game I never regret buying .
 Worms world party is deffinatly a big improvrment to other worms games but there is still room for improvement . I would recomend this to any one that has friends round 24,7 . But any one else this just is n't a one player game though it is great fun with friends and i love more crates and crates only this is the best bit of worms for me . C Ya Rose
 I 'm not sure what the guy below was on when he played this game , but it 's great . If you 've got a sense of humor and you like the Worms games , you 'll like this . The only complaint I have is the new menus are really bright-colored . Other than that , it 's great !
 Worms World Party has to be a good game for so many reasons . All the rest of the Worms games have been nonstop fun with lots of twists and turns . The whole idea of worms battling with these weird weapons is the caziest thing ever !
 Worms World Party is a very entertaining strategy game for nearly any audience . Both young players and mature ones will find some fun in this title . Gameplay is simple and yet provides for many variations in strategy . Games with other players can really be a great time as each team 's worms try to blow up one another . The Wormpot mode selection provides for a lot of interesting scenarios as well . There is a random map generator as well as a terrain editor so you will never play the same map twice . Weapons are varied , interesting , and well-designed . This is a very good game but not an excellent one . You should still find a lot of fun in it , though , so I would recommend to you as a worthwhile purchase .
 I had no clue what Worms was . My gosh I cant beleve how many years ... The Game is incretable ... I play this game for 4 hours ! I cant stop !!! Its very addictive ! WWP is almost the same as WA . The only diffrence is some added weapons ect . THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY . -LRB- cant beat online multi-player -RRB-
 I love this game !!! = -RRB- -LRB- smiley -RRB- You make a team of worms , you give them there own fort -LRB- for castle battles -RRB- , there own special weapon , languge , grave and flag!Then you go to war with outher worms ! Over 50 weapons ! = -RRB- I would get Worms Armegeddon though , it will be supported for another 30 years I bet ...
 The 3d versions are fun , but nothing beats the classic .
 This game rocks!It 's like every war game mixed together!So buy it !
 In reference to the review below that talks about the technical issues , I had the same problem . All I did was email the tech support team about it and they pointed me to a patch for the game that I needed to download . VOILA ! It worked like a charm after that.This game is amazingly simple and amazingly complex all at the same time . I became addicted before I ever played it just by watching one of my friends play it for several hours one weekend . It has some great strategy , funny/cute sounds and voices , lots of customizable features -LRB- including custom voices -RRB- , and to top it all off you get to blow things up !! Great game .
 I bought Worms Armageddon last year at an airport to play on a flight , and I still have my Worms Armageddon CD . Problem is , though , that I run Windows 2000 , and Armageddon simply does n't work with 2000 . Worms World Party does , so now I can play Worms against my brothers and friends again . If you have Windows 2000 , this is the right version of Worms to get . If you have Worms 2 or Armageddon on Windows 95/98/ME then do n't bother buying this newer version because it 's essentially a rehash of the 2 older games . Bottom line
 When I bought this It would n't start . After I returned it ... same ... . But afet I downloaded the patch it was working fine . I think it is awful that you have to get a patch to get this game to work . I have a pretty decent computer and the patch part just did n't make sence.Once I got the patch , the game kicked ... I find myself playing it 24/7 . I enjoy online far more than anything else . So if you dont have/or have an unreliable ISP than forget this game . But other than that it 's fun . It can be angering though . I ripped my hand open punching my keyboard.Overall this is avery good game and it is totaly worth the money . -LRB- I wish more people would get it so the server could fill up more . Hint hint . -RRB-
 Neighbors From Hell
 I 'm an elderly guy who has bought -LRB- 7 -RRB- copies so far and given them to my elderly friends . We all love it . This game is great fun , but also practices ; problem solving , memory and learning new things . A study here in Davis says that practicing these skills can keep our mental skills 10 years younger than those that do n't exercise their minds . My only suggestion is for the software developers to make multiple skill levels so people can build on their success . Ummm what happened to the neighbor 's girlfriend after the cruise ship hit the ice cap ?
 This game is a lot of fun , but pretty short , over all . Replay value is strictly limited as the levels are always the same and it 's simply a matter of figuring out the patterns .
 I love these games . I never tire of playing them . It is an easy game to learn and fun to out wit and learn the pranks to play on the neighbor . Once the pranks have been found , played and the game won , it is still a challenge with each new game not to be caught by the neighbor when setting pranks . I would not recommend for young children as some of the pranks and results of the pranks are more for adults than children .
 This is a fun game and easy to learn . Sometimes , I just do n't want to have to concentrate in detail on a game and this one is enjoyable and silly .
 I have never enjoyed a game so much ! When others see me playing this , they all want to join in to help me solve it .
 It 's not ground breaking but for 20 bucks who 's complaining . There 's lots of maps , loads of aliens and big weapons . No multiplayer :-LRB- but that 's ok considering the price tag .
 If truth be told , isometric shooting games are not easy to mess-up . I mean , what is there not to like ? Ever since ZAX : THE ALIEN HUNTER , such games offer an array of weapons and upgrades , a multitude of enemies and a variety of maps that will keep you zapping until the early hours of the morning!This is a worthy `` successor ''
 A great semi mindless Diablo style romp set in space . You only have one choice of character but you have choices in the other RPG aspects - nothing too deep though . A great place to learn about RPGs - a nice break from fantasy realms - a nice game to take your mind off stuff and enjoy bashing alien insect life . Was fun . Single player only I believe.You wont need a walk through
 I was a huge fan of the first Brother 's in Arms -LRB- Road to Hill 30 -RRB- and this sequel -LRB- Earned in Blood -RRB- lives up to the original and surpasses it!First , let me get the negatives out of the way ... 1 . There are some sound issues when firing the weapons . Occasionally in the heat of battle , there will be a delay in sound when firing your weapons . This only occured a few times when I played through the game . -LRB- probably like 4 or 5 times ... it 's no biggy -RRB- 2 . There is also some slow down -LRB- with the frame rate I think -RRB- , usually when there 's a lot of enemies and guns firing all at once . This is probably the most annoying problem in the game but it 's not bad enough to affect my score . This problem occured about 6 or 7 times when playing through the game and it only lasts a few seconds ... so it 's no biggy either .3 . The squad mates are n't as funny in this sequel . No conversations to laugh at : -LRB- Now , the positives ... 1 . The level design is better and the levels feel bigger2 . The Battles ! -LRB- The battles this time around are more action packed and feel like actual battles -RRB- 3 . Better A.I. -LRB- The enemies will try to flank you when ever they get the chance and this makes for better , more realistic battles -RRB- 4 . More of a challenge -LRB- the difficulty level has definitely moved up a notch , probably as a result of better enemy A.I. and the inclusion of more enemy tanks and armored vehicles in this game . The germans also use a new artillery gun , the 88mm . -RRB- 5 . More weapons -LRB- there 's a little new sub machine gun , `` The Greaser '' and some other new german gun which the fallshrimjager carry . One version of that gun has a scope and the other version does n't .6 . More vehicles -LRB- the germans can now attack you with half-tracks and even more tanks this time around . One level I went through had 4 enemy tanks ! There are even horses in another level . You also get to control a new tank yourself , nick named the `` Wolverine . `` 7 . New Skirmish mode adds to the replay value . The skirmish mode objectives are pretty tough and were definitely a challenge for me ... even on the easy difficulty setting.In the skirmish mode , you can also play as the germans which is a cool bonus.Earned In Blood meets my expectations and surpasses the first game , Road To Hill 30 . The 2 glitchy technical problems I mentioned before are forgiveable and do n't occur too often , so other than that the game is just about perfect!If you liked the first Brother 's in Arms , then this game is a definite must have .
 Earlier this year , Brothers in Arms Road to Hill 30 amazed gamers with its incredible detail and historic acuracy . Earned in Blood doesnt carry such a wow factor as it is more of a continuation rather than a whole new game . This time around , Ubisoft and Gearbox put you in the boots of Cpl. Joe `` Red '' Hartsock . Your path meshes quite intricatley with the path you took as Baker in the first game . There are many cross over levels that bring back some lovable characters such as Desola , Allen , and Garnett . However , the levels are completely new , filling in the spaces between Hill 30 's levels . Earned in Blood offers an assortment of new weapons , the FG-42 being the coolest one in my opinion . There are even new vehicles which are fun to see . Textures in the game have been improved significantly over the first game , but other than that minor change , Earned in Blood looks the same as Hill 30 . There is no doubt in my mind that if you enjoyed the first game , this second chapter is very worth your money and time . To new comers of the series , just be cautioned , this game is very brutal at times and the harsh language never lets up . All in all , this is the most realistic WWII experience money can buy . Thanks for reading .
 I started playing WWII FPS 's back in the original Medal Of Honor days on PS1 . I swear i 've played most every one since , and though the various titles are n't bad , they were basically just running & gunning with a historical theme that did n't matter much to the game itself . Now this game comes along and completely alters how WWII shooters are made . How ? 1 -RRB- It 's no longer you plowing through the entire German army singlehandedly , with only the amount of bullets standing in your way between total annihilation or death . Your squad is with you , and they are VERY important2 -RRB- Forget shooting at everything that moves , now you have to use some proper -LRB- and minimal -RRB- tactics . Have your fire team commence shooting on a position so that the enemy target is suppressed . Then you sneak around the side to flank them while they 're busy trying not to get shot by your fire team . Sound easy ? Ha ! Which leads me to my 3rd point :3 -RRB- Holy crap , this game is DIFFICULT ! This is n't Medal Of Honor anymore , where the enemies might as well have been cardboard cutouts . These fascists have brains , and a sense of teamwork , and a ruthless ability to exploit any weakness your team tactics display . Seriously , i 'm a vet at these games , and i get pummeled regularly . It will take you multiple times to beat any given chapter .4 -RRB- Really great story and realistic ambience . It 's fascinating that the MoH series really set the bar for these sorts of games , but the series that have eclipsed it -LRB- Call Of Duty , Brothers In Arms -RRB- have actually improved on what was already a really lush graphical environment replete with orchestral music & deadly serious sound effects . But this game recreates every detail with loving care , and really immerses you in the world.I was wary that this was going to be just another WWII FPS , but after spending time with it -LRB- a LOT of time -RRB- this is simply the finest , most challenging , and as a result most rewarding WWII shooter i 've ever had the enjoyment to play . Very few games are worth their cover price these days , this is at the front of the list . Be prepared to surrender your life to this one , it is THAT good .
 Hardest game I have ever played . Period.Pro 's 1 . Real-life war strategy comes into play . You must supress and flank every enemy . Requires tactics .2 . Very good graphics and sound3 . For such a complex game , the controls are easy to learn and very basic4 . Skirmish mode lengthens already long story mode5 . Historically accurate guns , vehicles , enemies6 . I love hearing the Germans swear in German that we are flanking them . It 's so satisfying knowing you are about to outsmart those Nazi 's ! 7 . A skirmish mission where you have a sniper rifle and lots of Nazis to kill!Cons1 . I die constantly on the easist difficulty . Maybe I just stink , but it seems unnecessarily hard2 . Those damn machine-guns !!! I ca n't find a way to kill them .3 . Long loading times which is even more annoying since I die all the time4 . `` smash controller '' moments when the level starts , you walk up a kill and die instantly5 . Very hard to kill multiple enemies in different places6 . Occasional freezes/laggy frame rate -LRB- very occassional , but you automatically die when it happens and you are out in the open -RRB- 7 . Squad mates occassionally pull stupid manouvres like going on the wrong side of a wall and getting gunned down.Get this game if you are patient , like military strategy , historic fiction . Do NOT get this game if you get easily frustrated , like going rambo/terminator Halo 2 style shooting , get sad easily . It actually is very depressing when your squad mates die , especially since you `` get to know them '' during the cut scenes .
 Earned in Blood is the extremely realistic sequel to Road to Hill 30 . If you enjoyed that game , you will appreciate the uncanny realism and excellent game play of the latest Brothers in Arms series.Players look for different thing in their favorite games so the matter is really subjective . Having said that , here 's why Earned in Blood kicks a 's : Sighting and weapons function are true to actual WWII weapons . The Thompson rides up as it fires , the BAR is powerful and accurate and the M1 is as efficient as the real thing.Very good enemy AI . German soldiers speak German , they are aware when you flank them or throw grenades at them and they will seek cover when fired on.Ability to assume either German or American roles adds versatility to game play.Great graphics . The landscape is realistic including bombed out buildings , woods , bunkers etc.The game allows for a campaign or skirmishes . The skirmishes can be played as defenders or objective based and you chose your side.Overall this is one of the best WWII games I 've ever played . If you are a History fanatic , as I am , you will appreciate the game 's realism and sense of `` being there '' . Enjoy .
 Brothers In Arms was something new to the video game world , and especially for the WWII shooter genre . It was one of the first games , and the only WWII game , where you could control your men , and plan attack methods . Did it work ? Hell yes it worked , and what we we 're now served with is the sequel to that best selling game , which is even better than the first . Why ? here 's a list ,1 . Better gameplay -LRB- so many heated firefights , and scenes straight out of `` Saving Private Ryan '' -RRB- 2 . Tougher difficulty , but just right . -LRB- No more easily passing through levels , you 'll actually have to fight this time around , your enemies KNOW what you 're trying to do . -RRB- 3 . More amazing effects ... -LRB- Buildings explode , people explode , and lighting and textures on destroyed areas are excellent . -RRB- 4 . No more cheesy voice acting -LRB- Wow ... . This story is actually really good ! -RRB- Plus we have new weapons , a new german weapon -LRB- .88 -RRB- and fantastic new levels , that are even longer than the levels in the original.So , now that we covered all the good aspects , what 's wrong with this game ? Well , since there is so much going on , sometimes it lags for a few seconds , but that 's about it . Usually you 'll notice this when firing an automatic weapon . That 's all I can think of at the moment.Other things to point out , like the first , this game is very violent , with tons of real life war aspects to it . The cursing is there , the explosions , the noise , the grusomeness , and everything in between , this is n't a game for the kids . However , if you enjoy WWII shooters , and you 're getting tired of the gun-ho hero feeling of Medal Of Honor , get this game . I guarantee you 'll enjoy it 10x more than any other WWII shooter you 've played . Thanks for reading .
 Brothers in Arms
 Be prepared for an incredibly addictive experience ! This is the most realistic , gritty , and compelling FPS that I 've ever played . It combines plenty of action with challenging strategy in a historically accurate storyline that immerses you in the game so much that you almost feel like your living through it . The action and graphics are very good , but what makes this game so great is the A.I. . These bots are smart !! This is no run and gun FPS , it requires you to think strategically and apply viable tactics in order to succeed . Any weakness in your strategy or tactics will be exploited by the enemy A.I. . They adapt their tactics to to yours , and behave in a uncannily realistic way . Your own guys are also very smart and well trained . No need to micro manage them or worry much about them making stupid blunders that defy common sense . This is truly a great game , and is definitely a must have .
 I can easily beat the game on authentic , so it 's not that difficult ; it gets easier when you learn things from playing paintball and airsoft . There is the blurring of the rear sight which is authentic , limbs get blown off , but the gun never jams or overheats -LRB- you never see a weapon jam in a videogame though -RRB- . Yes , there is a reaction when people get shot , and there is even the `` gurgle of death '' from the wind escaping the guy 's lungs . This is no MoH or CoD game here ; this is the GOOD stuff : -RRB-
 with shooters , I only play split-screen Co-op games with a friend - stuff like Halo and Wolfenstein . This game has a mode that lets you pick 1 of 5 maps , choose your difficulty level and whether you want to be the good or bad guys . You each command a 3-man team . AI is pretty good and the game is more difficult comparatively than Halo . The maps are pretty varied and fun . Definitely worth 20 bucks .
 The many reviewers who wrote negative things about the `` technical side '' of this game are all right . It does have some `` serious '' technical problems that involves game play , which I wo n't go into because it 's already been said by many other reviewers . -LRB- just read their reviews like I did -RRB- . But , if you and your squad stay alive long enough , you will find that the game actually is pretty fun . It 's not a hard game at all , but it is a game that requires a lot of patience , methodical thinking , and even more of that `` patience stuff '' that Yoda teaches all the jedi to have . To everyone who played and finished this game -LRB- like I did -RRB- ... . good job .
 This game is one of my favorites of all time . The story , the gameplay , and everything about it are very satisfying . You are a squad leader , in command of two three man fire teams . You order them around to fire on enemies , go to cover , and even assault enemy positions , charging and throwing grenades . At the same time , you have to save you own skin and shoot at enemies . This game is the most authentic game I 've ever played , staying true to locations and real life events . You grow a liking to all of the squad members , learning each of their nuances and such . The AI is incredible too . It rivals that of some of today 's games . Both the squad AI and enemy AI are very competent . You 'd swear they were real players . I would not recommend playing this game without playing the first game . Thanks , and as always comrades , have nice day .
 The title is appropriate for the game , I 'll say that . In both the instant action missions , the Tour of Duty mini-campaigns , and the main story itself , you 'll find out even on the easier difficulties just how much `` earned in blood '' the victories you achieve really are.The story is played and seen in the present by Corporal , eventually Sergeant , Joe Hartsock , who fifteen days after D-Day is being interviewed by Colonel SLA Marshall on his experiences during the recent fighting . Hartsock tells the story of the game in retrospect to Colonel Marshall , who appears in cinematics at a few points in the game . Formerly a member of Sergeant Matt Baker 's squad , Hartsock becomes a squad leader himself for the first time in the course of the game . The lengthy , highly-detailed and incredibly realistic missions see Hartsock fighting with his unit , the 101st Airborne Division , mixed up with the 82nd Airborne in the chaos of the invasion . He participates in the Battle of Carentan , is present for the link-up of the 101st and the 82nd at Baupte , and the end of the game has Hartsock fighting at Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte . There are four difficulties in the game , each considerably harder than the previous one . After each mission is completed , a medal is awarded based mostly on what difficulty you played it on . The easiest earns you a service medal of some kind each time . The `` normal '' difficulty earns a Bronze Star for each mission , a Silver Star each time for the next difficulty , and `` Authentic '' , the hardest difficulty in the game , sees you earn more than six Distinguished Service Crosses before finishing the game . Normally I 'd have a hard time seeing why you would be decorated so many times for simply completing the mission . But in this game , with the length and complexity of its missions , I am amazed you are n't decorated more.This is a first-person , squad-based game that is as realistic as any simulated combat game I 've ever seen . This is not Call of Duty of Battlefield 2 - players who try the running-and-gunning that those games make all but mandatory will see you sent with astounding quickness to the light at the end of the tunnel , courtesy of the German Army and/or Waffen SS . Making extensive use of cover and your squad , carefully planning each move , and using the available firearms and grenades to the greatest possible extent is how you are to not only survive but triumph over the Germans in this game . You ca n't do this alone , and knowing what each firearm is good for and what it can do is key to achieving victory . Some , like the Thompson and MP-40 , are automatics suited to close-up fighting , while the Kar98 and M1 Garand excel at ranged work.The uniforms , equipment - everything in this game is recreated with incredible attention to detail . The speech used by American and German soldiers is completely accurate , and if you understand both languages you 'll find that out for yourself . Knowing what the Germans are saying is a good thing , because the two things they say about flanks - they should perform a flank attack or are being flanked - can mean a world of difference if you 're trying to sneak up behind them . One of the most favored phrases of soldiers on both sides in `` Earned in Blood '' is `` There 's no way , Sarge ! '' or `` Das geht nicht , Herr Feldwebel ! '' You can play as one of two American or German sergeants in the instant action and Tour of Duty missions , and it is amazing how much both American and German soldiers love to tell their sergeants that there is no conceivable way to -LSB- insert action or objective here -RSB- . Whatever it is you 're currently wanting to do , your men will always be there to remind you that it can not possibly be done.A curious aspect of combat in `` Earned in Blood '' is that when playing as an American , or a German , you never have the weapons your own side should have given you . Playing the campaign or instant action as an American ? Only on the rarest and most fortuitous of occasions will they give you an M1 Garand . Playing as a German in instant action ? Only one man in your squad will have the superb STG/MP -44 and you ca n't have it unless he dies . This frustration , added to by the fact that whatever your own side gives you has a very set limit on ammunition , means that sooner or later you will get very used to taking the enemy 's stuff.The M1 Garand is my all-time favorite combat rifle , surpassing the AK-47 by a narrow margin . And it , like every firearm in this game , is recreated with breathtaking detail . It truly did save as many lives as it took during World War II , and while the Kar98 is a superb rifle in its own right it can not be said that it 's better than the M1 . All great weapons inspire confidence in their users , and as I played through `` Earned in Blood '' getting my hands on an M1 Garand - or the M1903 Springfield when it appeared on occasion - was like winning a million dollars in the lottery . And a million dollars was really worth something in 1944 , too.Maybe the best thing to say is not why is `` Earned in Blood '' a great game , but how is it * not * great ? The biggest drawback it has , I 'd say , is the often-blockheaded AI . Your soldiers and the enemy will do some really stupid stuff at times . I had a private in one instant action mission whose repeated insistence on standing out in the open eventually saw the Germans take his invitation to shoot him , and frankly , the M1 that private had been carrying was more use than he * ever * was . But despite that , the AI is much-improved over the even dumber one in `` Road To Hill 30 '' and contributes immensely to making the game what it is . `` Earned in Blood '' is the single-greatest simulated infantry combat game of any time period on the Xbox , with a compelling storyline , interesting characters , intensive combat and a magnificent theme song . I highly recommend it .
 Overall , this is a great game . Your guys usually do what you ask them to do and they 're not idiots about it . The enemies are pretty good as well . They 're aggressive , they move when you get to close , and you can actually catch them off guard sometimes , unlike other games where you get your head blown off from a mile away the second you peak around a corner . It 's probably the most intense game I 've played . They 're so much going on at once , it really does feel like a war . Ok , now for the problems.As others mentioned , the sound is delayed at times and the whole game play is glitchy now and then . You 'd think they 'd design within the capabilities of the system , but no . The other huge issue I have is the fact that you ca n't hit the broad side of a barn half the time . I 'm a good shot , but in this game , I can fire round after round after round and not it anything . Unfortunately , the enemies are a better shot . The automatic guns are almost worthless . I just fire them to suppress the enemy and then switch to a single shot rifle when I want to kill.I think the thing that pisses me off the most is that the enemies heads are bullet proof when they 're kneeling behind something and their head is shooting . I 've shot them in the head countless times with a sniper rifle and other guns . Does n't work . What a stupid glitch . But hey , they 're free to shoot me in the face when I 'm behind something . I hate the double standards in this game . They can shoot really good and you ca n't ; they can shoot you when you 're face is showing when you 're kneeling down and they ca n't . That said , I love this game and it 's one of my favorite . I 'm ordering the other one in a few minutes .
 Earned in Blood , not Brothers in Arms 2 , just Road to Hill 30 and beyond ... as Sergeant/Corporal Joe ` Red ' Hartsock.Well , everything such as graphics , sound , and gameplay is pretty much the SAME . I did n't notice much difference in those fields . A few new weapons have been added , the M3 Grease gun , and the FG42 , WOW BIG DEAL . The FG42 is fun to use , the M3 is boring , except you only use them in a few levels of the campaign . Some of the old characters come back , while your squad is a bunch of guys you didnt meet in RTH-30 . New abilities like magically recieving ammo from your squad , and talking to them by pressing ` X ' have been added . You guys act like the guys in Hill 30 , swearing , arguing , and just talking . Instead of the ` briefing ' of every level being a sort of narration by the main character , its become aa SLA Marshall interviewing Hartsock , not as interesting , but a bit more informative than Bakers telling . The game is just as hard as Road to Hill 30 , unless you found it easy , but its not as long , its got more scenes where your just watching . And instead of creating bakersdozen as your profile name to recieve cheats , you should enter ' 2ndsquad ' instead , same cheats . There are a few new vehicles in Earned in Blood , and there is some more variety given theres Urban combat , a wasteland of rumble where you experience ` closer combat ' and get to take out some tanks on the way . More fun times to kill Panzer tanks ! And sometimes they give you a stash of panzerfausts to take out several PANZER TANKS . A new mode , ` Skirmish ' has been added , its just 5 levels of different objectives to choose from , I found it similar to multiplayer , except longer , you can also co-op in Skirmish . Everything feels the same , just some new goodies added , and this time ... the cover is a helmet ! It definatly earns the M rating because it has all the blood , violence , and curse words from Hill 30 ... unless you dont care .
 Man when my friend got BIA
 Continuing the most historically acurate and fun as hell world war II franchise , Earned in blood is a fantastic first person shooter . With all the best aspects of of a great gaming experience brothers in arms goes 1 step further and throws you out of an airplane into a world of real heros that suck you into the action.A few people with ADD might say that it does n't have enough action ; but if you listen to the monolouges and cutscenes , you will be sweating and gasping for air from intensity.AND ! its the only game where you can control your whole friggin squad and beat the S # % T out of those damn nazis . but do n't be fooled . an upgraded enemy AI program means you will have to be at your best if you want to move your support team from behind the church , where they are pinned down by morter fire and a hail of lead to flank the panzer thats coming to raze that church to the ground!There are a few minor gripes but i wo n't waste your time . The biggest problem is that my eyes fell out after not blinking for 2 weeks . ohh , and my finger was shot off . but such is the cost of war.well worth your time and money .
 These people that are telling you that this game is not fun are taking away from your gaming experience . I am a 15 year old guy from ohio that can beat this game on authentic . This is fairly simple for me since I have had it since christmas of 05 and have beat it 6 times now . These funsuckers make themselves look like idiots by telling you that they cant enjoy a game without in your face , dont have to work for it action . Yes , you must use a flanking system in this game . This is not hard . Lets grow a brain ... buy this game.I should get some prenup for this ...
 I love shooter games mostly WWII games ... . i also play paintball which is the closest thing to war you can get and this game is the closest thing to real life plus its an awsome story line because it says its a true WWII story
 This is my only exeption for realistic war games . Anything else is boring crap to me.Antways , on to the game itself : I must admit , i got this for Christmas , but never played it , largly due to my brother playing it nonstop , and me playing the Warriors non stop.But , last night , i popped it into my Xbox and before i knew it , i had beaten the first three levels!This game is pretty fun so far and is very intense.get it !
 This is an expansion for Duke Nukem 3D . Duke Nukem 3D was one of the best games of its time . It was not suitable for children ... it 's mainly targeted towards late-teens/early-twenties types , but as a now-40-something guy , I still get a kick out of Duke.This one is set in Washington DC ... starting off using the White House as your first `` arena . '' I ca n't say it 's totally accurate , but it 's a lot of fun . Not really any different than any other Duke3D map set , but it was worth it . It does seem like the price , on here , may be a bit on the high side , though ! I think I paid ~ $ 20 , new , back in the day.For those who are trying to get Duke3D to run on a modern system ... Google is your friend . I recommend , in particular , a search for the term `` Jonof '' along with `` Duke '' and `` Nukem . '' You 'll find what you need to run this , better than in DOS , on a modern system.Alternatively , you can use DOSBox ... it works fine in there as well.I was just about to go play that ... in preparation for the release of the new Duke game in just a couple of weeks ... and thought I 'd take a quick look on here.It may not be `` photorealistic modern graphics '' but so what ? It 's a lot of fun ... with a really twisted sense of humor .
 This was one of those games that I saw for years , but never had a chance to see or play until recently.I caught wind of some videos of Duke it Out in D.C. back in late 2008 , early 2009 . I liked what I saw , so I started looking for a copy . Little did I realize it would have been really difficult to find , as hard copies are nearly impossible to locate . I finally found some copies on here in mid-to-late 2009 , but I did n't have enough money at the time , so I found a link on the internet , and found a working copy.The only way you can get Duke it Out in D.C. -LRB- or Duke Caribbean
 This expansion is one of the greatest Duke adventures created . You run through fully mapped versions of D.C. , including , of course , the white house , in order to save the president 's life . It does n't get much better than this.However , good luck getting it to run on anything other than your grandfather 's PC . Even after extensive googling I was n't able to figure out a way to install it on my 2005 -LRB- ! -RRB- / Windows XP laptop .
 this game is fun but the only time you ever see a t rex when you are jack is on one of the last levels . and thats only for about 15 seconds . i played this hole game . its quit fun , if i am wrong , and there are more times you see a t rex , please tell me ! if you played a demo of this game on the x box 360 and you played one called `` chased '' , thats not in this game , which puzzled me . if you expect the same x box game only on the psp , its not.i dont no why they did not just take the same game and put it on the psp.whats kinda weird is i am allways seeing picturs for this gme with t rexes , even a picture on the back of the box , one with him pointing a gun at a t rex next to a bridge , wich is also in the x box 360 version , but i never saw it in the game , you also never see any other people , even though it says that you do.IF I AM WRONG , PLEASE TELL ME WHERE TO FIND ALL THE STUFF I HAVE SAID I DONT SEE , IT WILL MAKE ME VERY HAPPY !
 graphics-5 / 5 , simply awsome -LRB- they do look real ! -RRB- story-4 / 5 , good but not great.controls-3 / 5 , confusing at times , but playable.entertainment-5 / 5 , moments from this game will always have a slot in your memory!overall -5 / 5 , amazing!HIGHLY RECOMENDED !!!!!!
 great any way you slice it , graphics , gameplay , how much fun it is , come on its great!GO AND GET THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great game I just bought it 2 days ago and it rocks!Goods
 Ordering was simple - delivery was quick - and my grandson loved the game and I could not find the game in the stores and instead of wasting time driving around - just ordered on-line . Saved the day for me .
 This is a great game I just bought it 2 days ago and it rocks!Goods
 I thought the graphics on this game is okay , but would expect better for a $ 50 game . Sound effects make up for it.Havent gotten past the first couple levels , but really , Peter Jackson is asking too much money for the game . A good one ... but not really worth the $ 50 price tag .
 I picked up this game the other day already playing the first one . I brought this one home and started playing and it tottally blew me away . Anybody who likes shooting games should get this game . It has awesome graphics . There is all a-lot more missions in this one.This is a must buy .
 This is my first World War II game and i like it.Its good nearly -LRB- but not quite -RRB- great.if i had to rate it out of 10 it would be a 7.9 / 10 . I have heard of Medal Of Honor and Call Of Duty but never played them nor have i played BIA : Road To Hill 30 -LRB- BIA : RTH30 -RRB- . I had the choice between Call Of Duty 2 : Big Red One -LRB- COD2 : BRO -RRB- and BIA : EIB and i went for BIA2 because i heard its the most authentic WWII game plus its got strategy rather than `` Run-n-gun '' that MOH and COD uses , not that i ` m good at `` tactical shooters '' they are just more challenging.I ` m good at First and Third Person Shooters -LRB- FPS & TPS -RRB- . the BIA series are obviously set during WWII but are true-stories from what i heard , and is not actually linear like that Vietnam game -LRB- ShellShock : Nam 67 -RRB- as your comrades can actually die during battle and it affects the story , there is no way you can run of a complete a chapter -LRB- mission -RRB- on your own as the German soldiers never fight alone either unless their comrades get gunned down but sometimes they just try to run away if this is so.But sometimes i ` d feel like positioning my troops and run of a head on my own and hog all the action but my soldier dies quick.The command contols are confusing!ubiSoft do n`t make many if not any `` run n gun '' games at all so if any shooter games comes out expect it to have tactics or stealth mixed in.Another reason i did n`t get COD2 : BRO is because its only a semi-sequal -LRB- to COD : Finest Hour -RRB- not actually a proper sequal which means it could be short-the FULL COD2 sequal -LRB- just simply named Call Of Duty 2 -RRB- is not out on PS2 only X360 and PC , and possibly PS3 soon.But still in the future i wish to get COD2 : BRO , But i got ta finish this game first and wait a while-the games HARD even though i am on NORMAL difficulty.I reccomend this game if you like shooters/Tactical shooters or FPS ` s , or even if you are looking for WWII games this is worthy.I paid 35 pounds for it , UK money -LRB- NEW obviously i never by USED games over the price of 25 QUID -RRB- . Reccomended : YES-only to shooter/WWII fans.Age ratings : in USA its M so 17 + or in UK it is 16 + . Violence : Yes , gunnings and fighting.Bad Language : Yes sometimes throughout the game.Blood / Gore : Uh-Huh , there is blood but no serious gore.sexual / nudity content : gladly NO , there is nothing like this.discrimination : I do n`t think so.fear : No nothing is scary in the game.seeya .
 ok this game is fun . u have to watch ur soilders and not make some stupid commands like telling ur soilders to attack a turrent . also u can just run to a whole bunch of germans and expect to kill everyone turst me u would die . also its realistic theres no aimer inless u aim . when u get to close to a grenade but not close enough to die u fall to the ground . this game is fun and worth the money and when u beat it a tear drop will come from ur eye cause the game is over . also they added a new game mode skirmish mode u can be a german or a american on that u can do objectives defent and tour of duty or something like that and that is not easy too .
 This game is way better - WAY BETTER - than Road to Hill 30 . There have been many improvements . The levels are larger , the enemies are smarter , and there 's co-op play . It also features a skirmish mode that lets you play as Germans and Americans.The greatest thing about this game is the improved enemy AI . In the last game , I was dissappointed that the enemy just sat behind cover and popped up and shot every once and a while . In this game , you have to be way more careful . The enemy will actually manuever around you and flank you if you do n't watch out . So this game combines both elements of offense and defense.Overall , its a great game .
 Many people who buy this game might instantly put it down after five minutes because they say they `` die too much '' well thats because your an idiot who dosent no how to play the game . This is a tactical shooter which means you cant just run out into the open and kill every1 . This isnt like medal of honor where you can slay 50,000 Nazi 's with your small sub-machine gun . NO ! You actually have to think things out and decide where to place your squad . I think this game is great , if fun , challenging , and they have a sequel on the 360 ! Overall if your an MOH or COD fan try it out and see how you like it it has a completely different feel from the run n ' gun type games
 Lets start off by saying this is not like the first one , it may seem like it but the story is 100 % different you play sgt. hartsock , and in the beginning you talk to a guy about what happened at road to hill 30 , and what happened those three days and what not . Now i played the first one i have it and i say this game is much better in every way because its improved on the ps2 then the first some game reviewers say that this is a mediocre and stuff like that ! , but it is good only thing wrong with it is the framerate kinda is a pain in the butt , for instance when your in a fight with alot of people it gets really slow and then fast and slow , but the biggest pain of the framerate is when you pause the game and get back to playing it , it really is slowww ! , just probally 3 seconds of slowness nothing big . But it is a pain though . Graphics are really good not nearly as good as road to hill 30 but its still enjoyable ! , sound is n't as good as the first one too but it is still good without a doubt , let me tell you why i think this , because when you play hartsock and when you press down it is n't as loud as when you played baker in road to hill 30 ! voice acting is still up there but hartsock is not passionate as baker when he says stuff like surpress those enemies , really loud like yelling loud , like i said voice acting is really top notch both good in this and the other , but this one i preffer just because i like this one overall . Gameplay in EIB is excellent ! i love it its more easier too shoot enemies more steadier shooting ... . and much better war fights too , missions are awsome all are good `` my personal faves are all amercians part 1 and 2 '' just because its lengthy and the burning city `` st. sauveur '' looks really good by far it will take you along time to get to those missions but getting cheats will allow you to have all chapters ! , overall its really good i really recommend it too all WWII fans or BIA fans too `` Like me '' its not even close by being the same as the first people LISTEN TO THE STORY CUTSCENES because you will know that this is three days before red actually met sgt. Matt Baker in the first game if you buy it have fun ! its really cheap to i 'm from Canada and its only 29.98 $ at wal-mart and the first one is cheap too over here its 18.98 $ at wal-mart . Graphics 4/5Sound 4/5Framerate 3.5 / 5 sometimes in big war fights it gets slow and also un pausing the game too!Gameplay 5/5Difficulty
 The original game in the series -LRB- road to hill 30 ? -RRB- is not too different from this sequel , so the review applies to that game as well . The core concept is the use of 1 or 2 squads -LRB- depending on the mission -RRB-
 disregard the review here that says Medal of Honor Or Call of Duty are better than this . Call of Duty & Medal of Honor are no where near in the same standard as this game . It has bigger battlefields with multiple entriy points , unprecedented squad control and unique '' overhead view '' of the state of play at the touch of a button . this a surperb entry into the FPS and worthy sequel to Road to Hill 30 . If you have n't played this game , do , you wont regret it . also check out the PS3 release in the franchise '' Hells Highway `` Brothers In Arms Hell Hwy -RRB-
 The game is pretty fun . I just wish they gave you some health at checkpoints . A big issue is your squad . Sometimes you tell them to take cover and they expose themselves to machine gun fire . So I recommend leaving your squad behind in safety like I do , or just let them suppress the enemy from afar while you attack from a different side .
 Overall , this game is great . It brings to the table what the first game in the series introduced , the ability to command additional AI units . There is a lot of additional strategy involved -LRB- i.e. flanking , suppressing fire , armor units , etc. -RRB- . The gameplay can be somewhat difficult at first , though , and certain missions , or sections therein , are extremely difficult to overcome without taking gratuitous losses.Still , this is a rather unique game in the AI on both sides -LRB- US and German -RRB- , and becomes a very fun challenge to get through . I also found it 's replayability to be higher than some . Instead of fanciful ` you-versus-the-Axis ' shooters , this one requires trust in your comrades , tactical prowess and a slight amount of heroism on your part . Almost a 5-star game .
 I got this game for Christmas and I thought , `` Oh what was my wife thinking ... '' but I played it anyway and gave her a big ... Kiss ... I really like this game not only for the gameplay but the atmosphere when I turn on the surround sound . I could not stop playing . The last time I had this problem was on FarCry Instincts.I do admit that it does get a tad repetative , all I need is an Auto Rifle , Sniper Rifle and I 'm good but the story , features , and environments are great . The story really got me involved with `` why '' I was there , the partner AI seemed quite competent especially when given orders and lasty the sites and sounds during game play , `` I can go up there and shoot ?!?!? ... * chunk * ... BOOM ! '' , though a little restrictive to where one can go .
 I was a little too excited when I bought this one for my Xbox . I own GR2 and Gr2 summit Strike and loved how they were designed . In Advanced Warfighter , there is no more first person for the Xbox version . Not a big deal , but I still would have liked it to be in 3rd person . Unfortunately , there is no prone ... I do n't know why that is . Multiplayer is pretty fun , but it can get choopy at points . I think Ubisoft should have fixed this . I would rather have a game held back a month than have a bad laggy game . Overall , I like this game . Weapon selection is great ! I do however think that GR2 and Gr2 summit strike are the better multiplayer games .
 Advanced warfighter in my opinion was better than the first two , and i will list the reasons . One , for me , i like to be able to see my weapon when i am in single player mode , in multiplayer it does n't matter . Second , the graphics are superior than the first two , and the gameplay is just overall better . The first one , Ghost recon , was a little bloody , the second one , GR2 , was better , and this one , did n't have blood splatters all over the place when you killed an enemy . The future force technology , however , was my favorite part of the game , and ultimately what won me over . The new technology in the gameplay made you feel like an elite squad of `` Ghosts '' with prototype technology . The gameplay was , a little unrealistic in the fact that you can take quite a few bullets before going down , but who knows what kind of body armor we 'll have for the military in the future ? The learning curve was huge , it took me hours to figure out how to do this , after dying a couple dozen times , but when you learn how to play it , it becomes fun when you have everything figured out . I would definitely recommend this over the Playstation version even though i 'm a die-hard Sony fan . Graphics are better , multiplayer , and more features make for better gameplay .
 I am not an `` action game player '' -LRB- hate this type of games -RRB- but this is the only one which got me ! I played all series of this game and I like it very much , especially where is the first person view . I think this is the most successful version . Better graphic and more realistic . Some saying that is more difficult to play but for me this is not a challenge at all . You just need to be better that 's all . Unexpectedly for me I LOVE this game !
 only reason im writin this is to say dont listen to that crack head that gave this a 1 . I have a 360 and bought it for that and it is amaing and briliant . with the over the shoulde view like re4 it brings a new feel to gr which is good i never even liked the older 1 's but this 1 is amazing the only difrence between the xbox and 360 versions r the grahpics they r amazing on 360 but still very good on xbox . The campaign and online modes r amazing some of the best iv ever seen and even an online comapign mode with missions just for online play . dont rent this game BUY IT TODAY !!!!
 OK , first a note to 360 enthusiasts - yes , the 360 version of the game is amazing . The Xbox version 's graphics are no better than Island Thunder . Well , duh ... the Xbox is still the Xbox - if they could make it emulate 360-level graphics they would n't have invented the 360 in the first place ! So fanboys whining about how 360 is better are missing the point.Another common gripe of GR fans is that this is not really a tactical shooter like previous installments , it 's a first-person shooter with tactical elements . That 's valid , but again misses the point . The Advanced Warfighter concept is that ONE soldier can coordinate and direct a variety of assets himself , from the battlefield , in real time . So the first-person shooter-type perspective reinforces this concept . And anyway , must every Ghost Recon title play EXACTLY the same ? Would you really want that?Personally , I think GRAW is a worthy addition to the GR series . Graphics are good and the sound is awesome -LRB- makes me want to purchase a home theater setup -RRB- . Ubi did lots of research into the Army 's Future Force program to develop Advanced Warfighter , and it shows in the level of detail they 've put into the IWS . Battle is even more realistic than Island Thunder , the AIs seem more aggressive and intelligent -LRB- including your own teammates , which can be a mixed blessing , but highly realistic -RRB- . Only cons to the game are the story -LRB- which I think is fairly unrealistic and a little dumb - but hey , we do n't play GR for the stories , right ? -RRB- and the fact that you ca n't drop prone , an unforgivable oversight . Also , I think it 's pretty unrealistic to have supply points conveniently scattered everywhere -LRB- and on normal and easy difficulty , these supply points fully heal your team which is nice but REALLY unrealistic -RRB- . Finally , it is nice -LRB- but again , unrealistic -RRB- to have a character carry both an assault rifle AND a sniper rifle - it would have been more realistic if you found a sniper rifle on a dead soldier near a sniping target , used it , then had to drop it to continue with your regular assault rifle -LRB- or if certain missions were sniper missions and others were assault missions -RRB- .
 This review is for the single player version only because I do n't have Xbox Live . I 've heard that the Live version on plain xbox is n't any good but I do n't know . People continually say that this game stinks on the Xbox . I do n't know what they are talking about , maybe they do n't like the change of a good series such as Ghost Recon but the change , although strange , is a good one . Just to know the rating is actually 41/2 stars not 4 . The game is a mix of Ghost Recon -LRB- obviously -RRB- Star Wars Rebpuclic Commando , the hand motions and the way you put your squadmate into positions is like the Brothers in Arms series . There is even a mix of Rainbow Six in there . Having the game in different versions for the different consoles is a good idea so if Ubisoft desides to make another Ghost Recon game -LRB- they probably will -RRB- they know which way to make it . I would say the two best ways to make this great game would be in the Xbox version or 360 . The update in first person view is a very good idea , I like first person better but not when there is no gun there . I wuold say that Ubisoft should allow you to swap weapons again , but if they are going to let you to swap weapons I would make sure you can only hold four weapons or so , not as many as you want . And if they let you swap your weapons I would make it take a long time because if you were to swap weapons on a real battlefield -LRB- Tom Clancy is war -RRB- you would have to find some more ammo on the body at the same time . Even though swaping is n't really necessary since the weapons you get are weopns that fit the current situation , and if you aim wisely you should n't run out of ammo that easily . Also the reloading times are a little short of a Ghost Recon game but they are still a good length . Unlike the current games of Rainbow Six , they are getting weirder and weirder with each game and more and more unlike a hard tactical game , with weapons that reload too quick . The graphics are pretty stunning although on the xbox I can say that they rate in second place -LRB- with Half-Life 2 in first place -RRB- the hot sun of Mexico looks pretty good in this game , with dark nights and blinding days , this game 's graphics can pass several other games which rate high in visuals . The sound is great especially with the explosions of grenades , and bombs . Now for the storyline , being a Tom Clancy Game the storyline has to be threatning and it is . I wo n't reveal much , but I can easily tell you that it takes place in the years of 2013 , or 2014 , I forgot . And that during the crisis , a new Warfighter System has been created for the U.S. and who better to test it than the worlds best war stoppers
 I keep seeing people compare this to the 360 GR , that is really an unfair comparison . First off one is on a Next Gen system and the other is on a Current Gen system -LRB- there are obvious advantages for the Next Gen game -RRB- . The second is that if you do any kind of research like reading reviews from game sites than you would already know that the two games are made by different companies and using different guidelines for each game . That said this game is absolutely great ! The graphics are probably the best you will find on the XBox , and the sound is nothing short of amazing . The story line is good , it 's typical Clancy stuff . I love the choice of weapons , some of the new weapons and attachments are an absolute blast to play around with . It 's true that the Ghost Recon games have gone from Uber-Tactical to nearly Doom like and if you can look past this you will find a truly remarkable game . I do have one complaint , it 's that you only have one teammate that accompanies you . I have n't played any multiplayer , I just ordered GRAW for the PC for that , so this review is based solely on the single player . For all of you people who seem determined to talk about how bad this game is and how good the 360 version you should really go do it somewhere else , people are reading these reviews to find out about the XBox version and they probably are n't interested in 360 fanboy rants .
 I was a bit unsure based on the reviews/comments I had read , but once I put it in my Xbox and started playing , I was very pleased with it . I have Ghost Recon
 That this is one of the best ghost recon games out there ! For one thing the other reviews do n't focus on this version all by itself . They just compare the sections of this version to the 360 version and that is n't very fair ! The game has a great story mode as well as awesome graphics for a regular xbox and to top it all off a stupendous multiplayer mode . You play as Captain Mitchel the leader of Ghost Squad in the year 2013 . It 's your job to stop a mexican rebel uprising , keep the president safe , stay alive , and most importantly , keep your squad alive . Unlike other shooters this one takes thought and strategy . If you charge into an area all guns blazing , you 'll be dead in less than a minute , I 'm serious . You need to think about where to place teammates , what weapons to use and when to use them , and what commands to give your squad . All in all if you like Tom Clancy games or Ghost Recon all together , forget the other reviews and pick this up if you do n't have a 360 . Score :9 / 10
 Awesome game and place to order from ! My nephew LOVES the game ! Got there pretty fast , no glithces , plays as expected and was a reasonable cost as well .
 I bought this game for my 9yr old son as a xmas gift . So far i can say i made a good choice . He really likes it and plays it more than the other ones i bought . i , personally am not a game wiz but if he likes it , then i know its good .
 I suppose my input about this game is based on the fact that I 'm not so keen at video games anymore but here it is for those who may find it useful . It is one fine game , I used to play the first Ratchet and Clank on my ps2 and had lots of fun with it . This one very closely emulates that experience but something seems to be missing , perhaps is the controls or I do n't really know . I actually found many parts of it very frustrating , once again , that is due to the fact I 'm not very good at video games , but those of you who are may want to give it a try . In the end I could n't finish the game because I got stuck in a boss fight I ca n't seem to beat even after consulting strategies for it on the web . As of 2011 , however , there are much better choices for playing out there but if you 're a better gamer and you are up for some nostalgic platforming , go for it .
 I love this game and my son loves this game . My only criticism is that you ca n't save at indiscriminate points in the game you have to wait on the autosave . However , that is not so big a deal to de-star it . Its fun as Ratchet and Clank always is . The graphics are lovely . Five stars all the way for me !
 Though I 'm not a big fan of the Ratchet & Clank series , so far I am enjoying this game . It is fun to play and presents a fair challenge to the gamer . The graphics are right up there with the PS2 . The storyline in the game is very engaging and voice acting is top-notch . My only issue with the game is the camera , which , though it works fine most of the time , can be unresponsive in some sections . However , setting the camera to `` active '' mode usually solves this problem . Unlike the PS2 version , the PSP version of Size Matters was mostly well recieved by critics and was given a score of 9.0 / 10 from IGN.com . Size Matters also recieved the Editor 's Choice award from IGN . Overall , Ratchet & Clank
 While this is still a very solid entry in the series , it 's the lowest one in my opinion only because the PSP 's control scheme is a little hard to do the job . That said , the developers still did a wonderful job and this game is not to be missed . If you only have a PS2 , spend the extra to get this game . The controls are probably better anyway .
 I got this game for 10 dollars and I LOVE it , hey I would pay for 40 dollars on this game . It took me about six days to complete it and after you beat the game there 's a challenge mode -LRB- Im still working on the challenge mode -RRB- . The sound is perfect and some times the picture freezes but no big deal . You can play ratchet for about -LRB- 80 % -RRB- and clank for -LRB- 20 % -RRB- . There 's mini-games like hover racing and clank challenges . You can also unlock armour , costumes and weapons for your adventure . Overall , this game is perfect and a must buy !
 Ratchet and clank size matters is a awesome game . It has a good story line and awesome weapons . This game hasnt dissapointed me a bit yet . IT has great grapghics and great sound . And the multiplayer is the best ive played on the psp . Its so much fun playing people online ! I feel like this game was a great investment of only ten bucks ! Over all the game has outstanding gameplay complimented with the graphics and sound any good psp game should have . Buy it and you wont be dissapointed .
 This is a good Ratchet and clank game and it 's controls are remarkably fluid for a PSP title . There few hard parts in it . The ability to custumize your armor is fun . This is a nice but short game .
 I have no idea about these games , it was my son 's request , he loved it , told it was beyond his expectations !
 This is my first PSP game ... and enjoying every bit of it . The graphics are amazing and strategies are pretty cool . I still have a lot to cover , just on the 3rd planet and getting thru with the cool skyboard races . . !!
 I 've been a Ratchet & Clank fan since the beginning , and was going to pick Size Matters up regardless . Let 's just say I 'm glad I did !! This game sticks to the story , the humor , the characters and the fun of the franchise while remaining a brand new game ! Best game out right now for the PSP ! Camera can be a little weird at times , but much better than other games I 've had . If you like platformers -LRB- or even if you do n't -RRB- grab this game !!! The graphics are top notch and on par with the PS2 . Great effects and ultra smooth gameplay to boot . The numerous `` minigames '' add to the enjoyment as well , and break up any monotony of whacking away with your wrench.I 'd give this sucker 6 stars if I could !
 my son was very happy with the game and it arrived fast i would buy from this seller again
 This is a great remake from the popular ratchet and clank games having played all of the ps2 games I can say that this game feels just like the original games and plays great !
 The kids love to play all the Ratchet & Clank games on the PSP and PS3 . This one is a good game for their collection .
 The Ratchet and Clank series achieved good success over its ' four games on the PS2 . So , it comes as no surprise that Sony brings it to the Playstion Portable . Just how does it stand up to the console editions ?? Does it matter that it was developed by a different developer ? Well , I 'm going to answer those questions for you . First of all , it does n't matter a bit that it was developed by a different developer . Which in this case was High Impact Games . If you were unaware that it was made by a different one , you would n't have figured it was made by anyone else other than Insomniac . Anything that Insomniac was able to achieve graphically and gameplaywise on the PS2 , High Impact was able to achieve on the PSP . To me , that 's pretty impressive . The designs of the levels , although abit smaller , are as excellent as they are on the PS2 and the story has so many twists and turns that you 'll keep playing just to see how things end . Even the control , which relied so heavily on the second analog stick on the PS2 , has been worked out to accompany the PSP without things feeling out of place . In my opinion , it holds up quite well to the console editions & is a worthy installment to the ongoing series . To sum it all up in one sentence , I 'm amazed . Games like Size Matters is just what we need on the PSP.Ratchet and Clank
 I got this game for Christmas with a psp and it was realy fun at first but once I beat it two times I got sick of it .
 Now , lem me tell you how I got into this game first . My brother bought it as a late b-day present and I was skeptical at first . However , once I started playing ... well , I 'm still playing a few weeks later . You play as Ratchet and with help from his robot buddy , Clank . Now , this is my first time playing any game from the Ratchet and Clank series , but it 's easy to get into . The plot seems silly , but it 's really quite good . Movement with the PSP is excellent and responds how you 'd expect a platform to perform honestly . The amount of weapons and moves that Ratchet and Clank have is just amazing . Also the graphics , oh man . They 're great ! The graphics remind me of Daxter , but they 're very good . Overall , this is a game that 'll keep you involved for hours without seeming like work . If you liked Daxter or anyother game in the Ratchet and Clank series , give this one a shot . Even at the price without playing one of those games , you could give this one a shot . It 's worth it !
 I ca n't put it back . A simple and easy game that is a lot of fun to play !
 No game is perfect every game has it 's flaws even this one but for a PSP game the graphics are great and the game will have your time to just smile and the funny parts . Any kid or teenager is likely to fall in love with this game .
 I love the rachet stuff , and the graphics is very impressive for a handheld . However the game is tiring the hands quickly . The psp is just not very good at this .
 I would like to give this 3 and a half stars but ca n't . OK , let 's start with the good ... Fun to play , good graphics , and gives you a chuckle now and then.Now the Bad ... Hard to strafe while shooting , slow to build up health meters/gun power , button combinations are tricky.This is typical R&C. ; it 's fun on a scaled down form for the PSP . The levels are good and pretty challenging but there are a few rough spots . In a later level you have to make a jump over a moving obstacle then wall grab and jump to the next platform . This would be a challenge on the PS2 but on a small scale PSP it 's down right hard ! Also , from time to time you might get hit by and enemy that is off screen but luckily this situation is one of only a few problems and it is a great game to have in your PSP collection . If you like R&C ; then you wo n't be disappointed .
 I played this after i played daxter . The area where this game could have improved is in its clarity . The colors look a little bland and not as vibrant as daxter . It takes a little getting used to with the jumps , especially the long jump that for some reason doesnt always work . In terms of value the game is pretty fun and will take a while to beat .
 I really like this game ! You have tons of weapons to choose from , ranging from the cheap and puny hand gun -LRB- Lacerators -RRB- , to the insanely expensive and incredibly dangerous homing missle launcher -LRB- Rynocerator -RRB- ! Replaying the game several times will be nessesary if you want to get all the Titanium Bolts , Armor sets , skill points and upgrade all your weapons . The graphics are really good . I hope they make another R&C game for the psp .
 I must admit from the start , I have been a huge fan of Ratchet and Clank since their first adventure came out for the PS2 . Wow , actually it was almost exactly five years ago , actually . Weird.Anyway , from the viral-style adverts -LRB- before viral was even much of an option , natch -RRB- with wanton destruction to the actual gameplay itself , the R&C ; series has mostly been one improvement after another -LRB- with the exception of Deadlocked , which was fun but definitely not a big step up -RRB- and insanely entertaining in the bargain . So when I first started seeing adverts for the R&C ; PSP outing , Size Matters , my first thought was , `` You lame bastards . Now i will eventually have to buy a PSP . `` Typical.First of all , I should admit that i have not yet completely beaten ` Size Matters ' , but i believe that i 've seen enough of it to declare it an almost unqualified success.Graphically , ` Size Matters ' is absolutely stunning . I have not played a great deal of PSP games yet , so i do n't have a huge basis for comparison , but this one is beautiful from the start . Particularly interesting is the ` dream ' section which finds Ratchet suffering from some sort of anesthesia overdose , causing his -LRB- and thus your -RRB- perception to get very strange around the edges . Perhaps i 'm simply OLD -LRB- my video game obsession started in the early 80 's with an Atari 2600 -RRB- , but it 's a bit difficult to believe the amount of power that seems to lurk in the PSP , processor-wise . The sound in ` Size Matters ' is surprisingly good , too . The music has the same feel as the rest of the series , the voice acting is at the same high level as usual , and the rest of the sounds are clean , well produced , and better than average.Perhaps most importantly , though , is the story and general atmosphere of the game . Here , the developers took a page from the older games in the series , which was a great relief to me . Instead of the absurdly episodic approach taken by ` Deadlocked ' , this game allows you to wander around the surface of the planets a bit more freely , with less of the ` go here , do that ' hand-holding which started to creep into the last two R&C ; PS2 outings.The only reason that i did n't give this game five stars across the board is because of the limitations of the PSP itself , as a controller , and the fact that a few of the battles/sections seem to be , shall we say ... filler . . you will find yourself being killed several times in order to gain more experience/life points before being able to move on.Other than that , though , ` Size Matters ' is a refreshing , long-awaited visit from a bunch of old friends.And you can annoy people on the bus with it , which is a big , big plus .
 For anyone with a doubt of buying this game , do n't doubt it it has all the juicy goodness in adventure , mini games of racing and galactic battling along with the hyped adventure with guns . Have fun !
 Ratchet & Clank
 So before I left for Iraq a month ago , my roommate bought a PS3 . Along with it he picked up Tools of Destruction along with some other games . I loved watching him play the game . And it was so fun to watch him upgade new weapons and buy new weapons and find new armor . After he beat it , there was even MORE to do now . And I loved it ! So I tried the game for maybe an hour from the beginning . Sadly it was the night before I left to come to the sandbox . Because I was HOOKED.Really wanting to play the game now , I started to look on amazon to see if there was a Ratchet game for the PSP . YES ! There was ! So , now , I had to buy a PSP also . I went ahead and bought thePSP Daxter Entertainment Pack - Ice Silverand a few games , Burnout , Infected , and of course SIZE MATTERS !! When the PSP came in -LRB- which was only about a week -RRB- , it arrived with Burnout . I was loving it ! Then two days later Ratchet shows up and I couldnt put it down for about a week straight -LRB- even though I beat it in about 7 or 8 playing hours ... and I was taking my time looking for stuff and completing all the mini games -RRB- . Right now a friend of mine wont let me play the game because he 's basically stolen it and now he 's addicted.I ABSOLUTELY love this game.PROS : - The graphics are amazing for such a tiny machine.-The gameplay is highly addictive -LRB- especially if you 've never played a Ratchet game before -RRB- - I was scared that the upgrading of weapons would be only in the console versions , but nope . . its ' here also . LOTS of weapons also.-Controls are great . I actually switched them around to where the analog stick was mainly for strafing . Also I never really had camera problems . Just use the L and R shoulder buttons and everything will be ok ... just like older PSP FPS games.-Once beaten , you can play it over in Challenge mode to upgrade your weapons even farther , find new armor , and get a new weapons -LRB- for 9,999,000 bolts . . heh -RRB- . Cons : - To easy . I think I could flown through the game in a couple of hours if I had really wanted to . In Challenge mode , it 's still easy , but the bosses seem a LITTLE bit harder.-The game freezes up ... BUT . . it 's only happend 3 times . Twice on the same boss.All in all ... I absolutely recommend this game if you have a PSP . I 'm still new to the PSP , but I can already tell that this is DEFINITELY one of the top games for this system . Do yourself a favor and buy this game .
 This game is definitely one of the best games on psp . Even though it is under the platformer genre , it has many styles of games implemented into the game itself . It 's worth the 40 bucks and if I had to buy it again I would . That 's how good this game is . I 've played MANY psp games -LRB- I have the blockbuster pass -RRB- and this one ranks very high in my book . The developers did an excellent job and actually took time on this game . What are you waiting for ? Buy it now for yourself and everyone you know .
 This is one game , where no matter your age you will have a lot of fun going through all the different levels and defeating bad guys . There is no dangerous violence nor is there any gore . I really like this game , there is a lot to do in the story , also there are multiplayer mini games and many other ways to have fun .
 I loved Ratchet Deadlocked on the PS2 , so I figured I 'd give this game I try . Surely enough , I loved it too . The replay value , just like the console versions , is just as high . Anyone who loves the Ratchet & Clank series will love this game as well . : -RRB-
 Excellent condition and only came in 2 days even when I chose standard shipping . The game is really fun !
 I think this game deserves 4 stars because it is a very fun game.i would recommend this game to people who have played any type of ratchet and clank game
 The Good
 I really like my PSP , but there just are not very many good games out there for it YET . I have 6 games , but only 2 stand out as any good and have replay value ... this is one of them . Next to Daxter , this game is one of my favorites . I am on my way through it a second time ... where I think each section is harder than the first time through , but your weapons also get better too , as well as a new one that you can not get the first time thru ! The game is similar in many ways to the PS2 versions of Ratchet & Clank , but some diehard fans may not agree . There are great weapons and worlds and creatures to conquer , and a fun story line . You also get to be a giant flying clank ! The extra games are fun , as you toss mini clanks and fight robots and figure out puzzles etc. . The game is shorter , but it IS a portable game after all . I thought it was fun , and I am enjoying the second time through . I am hoping for more games to be released like this one !
 First , I want ot say that a lot of the games on the PSP are mediocre , games brought over from other systems , or just plain bad . This one is not.Ratchet and Clank
 pro : - somewat interesting story line-new weapons-customize free armor to use special ability-permanet weapon upgrades -LRB- unlike deadlock which u can only hav a limited number of upgrade -RRB- - fast loading time.cons : - poor multiplayer -LRB- wait alot for games 2 start , or maybe its becuz this game is new and not alot of people are playing multi yet , who knows ? -RRB- - fewer levels -LRB- 9 i think -RRB- - controlls both good and bad -LRB- its hard to get use to , but when u get it , its not a problem -RRB- i have all 4 -LRB- and now 5 -RRB- ratchet and clank series . unlike Deadlock -LRB- which sucked -RRB- , this game rocks ! this game is like a mixed of best stuff from each game into one . i dont know if this happens to anyone else but i feel dizzy after playin 4 more than 20 mins -LRB- i play alot of other psp games but this never happens -RRB- its probably becuz of the size of the screen , too much going on such a small screen .
 This game is amazing . It is the first game I got and it 's just like ps2 Ratchets . You have the abilities to combine armor sets to have new abilities . You can add mods to your weapons -LRB- which there are 15 -RRB- and fully upgrade them . Each weapon is totally unique from other weapons . Extraordinary game .
 Ok , I 'm a little bit older than the average PSP owner . Or at least , I 'm guessing that I am . Considering that I 'm over 30 ... -LRB- gasp -RRB- That being said , this is my first Ratchet and Clank game and probably the first time I 'm playing anything in the jumping puzzle solving genre . And I have to admit that this is a really great game.Load times are super low . Compare this to Dungeon Siege and other games where you 're waiting 30 seconds for the game to start.The graphics are sharp and crisp . I was playing this in full sunlight and could make out the characters just fine.The puzzles are hard but not impossible -LRB- so far -RRB- . I love the mini-game puzzles . There 's even one that is almost identical to Lemmings but done in the R&C ; format.The music and sounds work quite well . There 's no point where I wanted to turn the music off.Overall , I 'm hooked ! I see a lot of sleepless nights coming .
 My son got this for his b-day and then for christmas i got him clank secert agent that follows this one in story and everything I even love playing these games with himSecret Agent Clank
 Ratchet and Clank
 My 6 yr old son has finished playing Ratchet & Clank-Crack in Time . I bought him this game and the Sony PSP . He 's been playing almost every day -LRB- after he is done with homework and piano and taekwondo practice of course -RRB- since . He enjoyed this game tremendously . Base on this , I highly recommend this game for kids . By the way , the game graphic looks great . I am amazed by the quality of the PSP platform . The last time I played the portable was years and years ago -LRB- > 15 years -RRB- . How game technology has advanced-incredible .
 This was a fun game to play . This is a great addition to the series . If you are a fan of the other games , and own a PSP , there 's no reason not to buy this one . My only complaint was that it was a pretty short game . Probably took somewhere around 8 hours or so to complete almost everything , including most of the bonus missions . But that does n't ruin the game itself . The graphics almost match the PS2 's on the game , which helps keep the feel of the PS2 versions . Definitely an addition to the PSP 's small list of great games .
 I have had this game for a very short time and have already beat it once and I am on my way through it a second time.I said but bcs although this is a great game it could really be a bit longer and I did n't really find the bosses that hard to beat.But as far as the fun factor goes man this is addictive like I said I am playing it again and the second time through your guns get better and your armour gets better.In summary this game is a must have for your PSP collection ,
 I read some other reviews for this game about how it 's too short and that the game play is better on the PS2 console ; well this is a game that was made for a portable system . It is short but you need to play it at least 3 times to get all the weapons and it 's still fun on the third time through . It has multi-player content so you can play that over and over again . Its controls are great for being on a portable system of course a full console would play better but , Size Matters ...
 ----------- THIS IS A REVIEW FROM OVERLORD , UBER PSP AND DS GEEK ----------- I JUST BOUGHT THIS GAME AND IT IS AWESOME . THERE ARE TONS OF COOL WEAPONS -LRB- THE BEST ONE IS THE LASER TRACER . THE RYNO IS PROBABLY BETTER BUT IT IS REALLY EXPENSIVE -RRB- THE STORY IS GOOD , AND THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING . THE ONLY FLAWS OF THIS GAME IS THAT IT IS A LITTLE SHORT AND THAT THE SOUND IS A LITTLE BUGGY . HOWEVER , AFTER YOU BEAT THE GAME ONCE , YOU CAN PLAY CHALLENGE MODE . IF YOU WANT TO COLLECT ALL OF THE TITANIUM BOLTS IN THE GAME AND BUY ALL OF THE FULLY UPGRADED WEAPONS THAN YOU CAN EXPECT TO PLAY THIS GAME FOR SEVERAL WEEKS . GAMING MAGAZINES ALWAYS GIVE THIS GAME A 9 OR 10 OUT OF 10 . THIS GAME DOES N'T DESERVE SCORES LIKE THAT . RATCHET & CLANK
 I love Ratchet and Clank . My husband got it for me and it 's the first video game ever that I got hooked on , could n't put it down , and have played all of them . I liked Psychonauts because it reminded me so much of Ratchet and Clank . R&C ; is my gold standard.Size Matters sadly is lacking . The graphics , game , story line ... all that is great . I hate the camera . I hate that I ca n't see what 's behind me without effort . The controls are difficult . Run , R , L , and X at the same time to long jump ? If I had four hands , that just might be easy ... but I do n't ! And I do n't have big man hands ; holding the PSP is n't comfortable to begin with , so trying to hold four buttons is hard . A previous reviewer said the game made him dizzy ; I did n't notice that at all , but I did find that holding the PSP and manipulating all the buttons made my hands hurt after awhile.I hope another PS version comes out ; I much prefer playing it on the PS2 . This game is like a snack when I want a meal ! Give me R&C ; on PS2!Edited to add that I 've finished the game . After awhile I got used to using the shoulder buttons for the camera and it was n't so bad , but it does get in the way sometimes , especially during fighting sequences . The weapons are cool , I love the beehive ! There was a lot of unnecessary repetition , especially during big boss battles , like the one with the corn field -LRB- I do n't want to spoil it so I 'll wont say who it is with -RRB- ; the parts leading up to the boss fight did n't really need to be done every time I tried to kill the boss . I did find a glitch that made it easy to get lots of bolts so that helped in buying weapons . Overall it 's a good game ; a little short but definitely makes me want to play the next Ratchet and Clank even more !
 I adore the Ratchet and Clank series . While Size Matters has some limitations - it is on the PSP after all , and not on the PS2 or PS3 - they do an admirable job of making it work on the smaller system.It really helps to have played the original Ratchet and Clank games before you start this one . Many of the characters are from the other games , and you understand all of their relationships and backgrounds . Also , they sort of throw you into the game , assuming you 'll understand how the multiple weapons , jumping , aiming and so forth is going to work.On the other hand , people who have become addicted to the PS2 games -LRB- like I have -RRB- will quickly realize the `` flaws '' in the PSP version . That 's not to say the game makers did n't try their very best to make the PSP version fun - it 's just that the PS2 has a much bigger controller with many more buttons . They had to cut corners in order to provide the same gameplay on the PSP . It sort of works . The camera controls get really annoying at times , and many of the key combinations are quite awkward until you get the hang of them.You could say `` they should have just made this for the PS2 or PS3 ! '' Still , I give them credit for trying to give us something we could carry around with us and still have the same Ratchet & Clank fun while on the bus or waiting in line.That being said , if this WAS intended to be a `` fill in waiting times '' PSP game , they should have made the levels shorter - or done a better job with checkpoints / saves . The way it stands now , if you get 99 % through a level , you start it all over again . It can get pretty annoying.I love the Ratchet & Clank dialogue , but I found the mixing to be bad . Several people in my home complained about the inane repetitive music , but I had to have it up loud in order to hear the dialogue . If I turned down the volume , the voices were no longer distinguishable.Also , I 'd have liked the game in general to have lasted longer . It seemed to be a weekend game , one I could rent on a Friday and return on a Monday . That was definitely never true for the PS2 games!Fun to play , and a great attempt , but I 'd really like the developers to focus on the PS2 and PS3 for their next release . I really miss the Ratchet & Clank series and look forward to a new one soon !
 I 'm suprised that no one else has mentioned how short this game is . I beat this game in just a few days . Although I think the game is great , I expected it to be much longer . Even though the game is short you can go through it again and beat it in challange mode . Which is n't that challanging -LRB- the whole game is n't that challanging -RRB- but you do get to keep your weapons and upgrades from the last time you played through the game . This means you can upgrade your weapons to there full potential during the second time through . Also during the second time through you can get the very final stage of weapons by buying them , so it is definetly worth playing twice . Also this game has decent online play to make it even more worth having .
 With the few PSP games out that are actually worth playing , it ` snice to see a well rounded game like Ratchet & Clank
 ... but the only real flaw is the camera . Already in stage 1 i was doing a double jump & the camera for some reason has a life of its own & decides to do a 360 camera turn so if i had moved the directional pad in anyway , id be at the bottom of the mountain & dead . I give this game a 4.5 , nothing is ever perfect . But the developers did a good job of taking a legendary series & creating something everyone can enjoy as oppose to Spyro & Crash who unfortunately did nothing but failed since their oweners left . I brought this game along with Daxter & there both great original titles . But to be honest i enjoyed Ratchet more then i did Daxter . This game has alot of things 2 do for such a little machine . Its truly great . Enjoy = -RRB-
 Fable ... What can we say about fable that all the other 37 people have said about it . The graphics are breath taking . The World just begs to be explored . -LRB- even if it is to kill thing to get mor XP -RRB- The ladies are fun to marry . Yet the fact remains I wanted more . I want more quest more weapons . GIVE ME MORE . Why the hell would you make a great game and only put about ten hours of main quest in there . There was a person back there saying that it was more in depht than KOTR . I beg to Differ . For one if you can never speak Why cant you be a female Character ? . Or why do you Age about 60 years in about 3 days of In game time ? . Why does every one else look young and healthy when they should be 90 ? . Why cant you choose how your characters face look like ? . There are alot of thing they could have made custom for the player and not set . The fact that you cant Choose your dialog is also disapointing . You cant interact whith this great world they have created . I Know you have gestures but being able to tell some one off is half the fun of an RPG . I did like the fact that if you want you can slaughter Any one that pisses you off . That is one thing KOTR Need badly . The sad part is that I really wish that they had made it a bit longer and that the aging part wasnt as severe . I do hope that the online thing will pan out and maybe we can get more quest or different characters . No I have a question . If you can only be male why can you buy a dress ? Or why is the english flag on his but ?
 This game has it all for the console RPG fan . Great graphics , full of quests , and weeks of non-stop gameplay . Everything in Fable is laid out quite well , but I wish they would of made each region bigger . Also , you cant just aimlessly wander to any point on the map , but all in all , this is definately a keeper . This is what we have been waiting for and to me it lives up to the hype . Get this game today .
 That title is saying a lot considering I have played pretty much every RPG for the Xbox and Gamecube . You start out the game as a young boy , doing tasks around the village and will eventually , go out on your own to compleate quests for the quild and other people.To be short , the replayability is , hold on ... wait for it ... ZERO . You will spend most of your time compleating the main quest line and once in a while will work on helping out one of the citizens of Albion . Believe me , you dont want to replay that main quest ever again . It gets old after the first time . The Final Boss it also one of the hardest bosses I have ever fased.All in All , Fable is a very good game for 20 bucks , but I would sugjest buying `` The Elder Scrolls III
 I played this game for 24 hours , and I am shocked . I think `` Halo 2 '' will have to have no flaws to beat this game . On the plus side of this game , you can destroy villages , kill random people , or give gifts to women that like you . And you can do other thing besides doing the story , this game is like `` Grand Theft Auto '' , but it 's an RPG , so sooner or later you will get BORED and you want to do the story . `` Fable '' is way better than `` Knights Of The Old Republic '' , you caqn do what ever you want . On the negative side , `` Fable '' is really short , most gamers will beat it in a day , or in 9 hours . But think about it , this game was meant to be an online game , so thats why its so short , they rushed it to early . Even with that flaw , I still recommend it to all gamers , do n't buy `` Sudeki '' get this game .
 All though the game ends when you are realy getting into it its still worth the purchase .18 + / - hours of game play . but hey just think of it as paying for itself Your time is at least worth $ 5 some thin ' a hour right . thats what alot of employers seem to think . so for $ 50 dollors you get $ 70 - $ 90 . Thats how i usualy rate my games so have fun awsome game but short .
 I will have to say that I am no RPG fanatic in any way shape or form . That being said , my choice of buying Fable as my first XBOX game was an odd one . As a former student of philosphy and admirer of all things mythic and violent , I was attracted to the selling point and tagline about the choices and consequences ... I was not dissapointed at all.I can agree with many of the reviews offered thus far , yes , it is a little bit too short , and there are not nearly enough side quests of miniquests . But I have a feeling that is something that will be worked out when the sequel comes out . Also hoping for some live based missions or larger world maps to rival the everquest crowds or the FF platforms.Simply put , I really enjoyed this game , and recomend it to anyone who is into fantasy based levelers.What I liked the most : Great design
 The hype surrounding fable through it 's development has been mixed , from promises that it would be the best ever to a disaster . I ca n't say it 's either , I warn you , if your expecting the best game ever lower your expectations , or you 'll ruin the experience . That 's just the problem , Fable is n't what everyone hoped for but if you accept it for what it 's for you 'll find it 's a great experience.On the exterior it 's a beautiful game , also the characters are well animated , and the vibrant and colorful worlds immerse you and it 's one of the best looking titles available currently on the Xbox . Besides some frame rate hiccups and awkward lip-syncing this is pretty flawless.This would n't mean anything is fable was n't fun to play , And not to worry - it is . The combat here is real-time , the easiness in switching to magic , archery or sword fighting is superb . That 's another interesting point , you can play fable in a lot of ways , Primarily being your choices versus good or evil , unfortunately I never felt awfully inclined to be either , If I was evil I never felt revered , and if I was good I never felt acclaimed . There are several side paths to do , marriage , mini-games , and chicken kicking ... It leaves a lot to do , but even with all that it only adds a few more hours to the already seemingly short experience , which might be discouraging.Sound effects here are well done , The game has a cinematic ambience , The music is great , as is the voice acting . Your hero of course is mostly nameless -LRB- Though you are usually referred to by your `` Nickname '' , which is easily changed at a shop , and even then It 's a limited selection -RRB- Still I ca n't say anything bad here , except for some repetition on certain aspects.In the end Fable is fun , and this should n't be passed up . Though fable might not be as groundbreaking as hoped it would be it 's still great . With the replay value and open-ended nature here you 'll end up playing it through twice at least .
 I was n't too familiar with the idea of the game before I purchased it.Complete a lifelong journey from childhood to the grave . Fighting your way through life and solving the mystery of your family . The game changes with your every move ... The game sounds very good , but when you start to play , you realize that your childhood lasts about 20 minutes , and your teenage years last about an hour . So really the game of a life journey can be decieving.But all that aside , the game is very exciting ; increasing your character 's attributes ranging from how strong they are , to the many magical spells you may cast . Determining if you would rather travel down the path of good or evil . Marying a woman ... or even a man -LRB- the character is a boy -RRB- ?!?! Quests give you the ability to earn gold and experience points to level up your character to fight the toughest guards , theives , monsters , and even the undead . One issue that I do have with teh quests are that there is a golden icon that leads you to the path in which you are supposed to take to complete the quest . So , in other words , the quests are laid out to you with no questions or concers ; except defeating those that stand in your way.One portion of the game that does keep your interest is the ability to party til you puke , that 's right , your character can get so incredibly drunk that he will actually vomit ! Be careful though , because if you want to marry , you must present yourself in a well manner.I would advise any RPG fanatic to pick this up off the shelves immediately and set some time aside for this game .
 I suppose I 'm one of the only people reviewing this so far that actually played the game . I had n't read a lot of hype on this game before played it at a gaming convention , and only saw a small bit while I researched the release date for this game , so I do n't think I 'm `` buying into the hype '' . I restarted the game at the con and played from the beginning until I turned into a teenager , and then completed a few tasks after that . The total length of time I spent playing was about 1.5 hours . I only played the `` good '' side . It was really cool and I ca n't wait to buy the game and finish it.You are only a kid for about an hour of gameplay , and the start to the game is slow . The slow start is why I gave the game only 4 stars for the `` fun '' rating . However , what you do in the beginning matters a lot , and it gets much better , so I 'll forgive the slow start and give the game 5 stars overall . I did n't get all the way to the end , so it better not dissappoint , but I played enough of the game to know that it will at least keep me occupied for several months while I play through the different variations .
 Excellent game , lived up to the hype . Might be a little short , but there is some replayability there if you want to try it opposite of the first go ` round -LRB- evil vs good or vice versa -RRB- . I 'd buy it again .
 If your looking for a good game to pass the time Fable is a pretty good bet . The mission based gameplay leads you through the story , but the option to be honorable or just plain ruthless keeps it entertaining enough to keep you playing . The spells you choose to learn along the way make the game unique each time through and it 's short enough that you do n't mind playing through it again ... and again . Some of the people wondering around can get in your way pretty easily if you are using area spells or even a bow , but you can alwayse smite the anoying buggers : -RRB-
 While this game is great in it 's own right , if you can get a copy of Fable
 D&D - style ; 3rd person RPG for xbox only , like Morrowind , but without the length , openness , complexity and GLITCHES of Morrowind . This is both its strength and weakness . Dumbing down and simplifying a game like Morrowind would probably cure its glitchy ails , but this is a double-edged sword.PROS - Amazing top-notch score -LRB- as with Morrowind 's Jeremy Soule -RRB- by Russell Shaw and Danny Elfman -LRB- does mainly stylish fantasy and horror soundtracks such as Tim Burton films , Simpsons stuff , etc -RRB- . This is infinitely more important than you think . - excellent variety of enemies and bosses with their own unique abilities and challenges . - excellent variety of items , weapons , armor , etc but simple enough that you can remember everything . - experience and level-up system works fine . - good story narrative -LRB- and thankfully you can bypass any cut-scene at any time -RRB- - game length is fine , despite what critics have said . The game should not be compared to Morrowind -LRB- the longest game ever next to Oblivion -RRB- or GTA . There are tons of missions -LRB- quests -RRB- . People that say you can complete this thing in 12 hours are either lying or have no life . - hair , tattoo , etc customization -LRB- as in GTA San Andreas -RRB- . - fun to kick chickens - good voice-acting , various british isles accents , english , irish , cockney , etc. . . the style and feel are a bit british -LRB- developed by Lionhead UK , now owned by MS -RRB- . It 's good to have an actual british game developer in the mix with US and Japanese dominated game design.CONS - main melee attack is mapped permanently to a button not the trigger -LRB- like every other game in the world -RRB- . Ca n't map it to what you want . Counter-intuitive . - uber-hype marketing nonsense ; I think this is what everyone got upset about . - some -LRB- not all -RRB- combat is button mashing - while the graphics are nice , they are just a tinge cartoonish . - ebony weapons . Uh , did they just rip this off from Elder Scrolls ? - save system is mean -LRB- can not save during missions -RRB- - just save the damn thing where the hell I want it to ! - IMPOSSIBLE missions -LRB- quests -RRB- - there are a couple . Nowhere near the problems of Morrowind , but extremely annoying . One for example has you freeing 2 hostages in 2 locations . You are able to free one , but as soon as you appear in location # 2 , the hostage dies IMMEDIATELY with no way to even remotely save her ... - End quest is impossible unless you lucked out like I did and happened to have hundreds of health and magic supplies with you because they DO N'T let you go back and prepare for it first . The end quest occurs immediatly after the preceeding quest . Do n't have these supplies ? hope you saved recently -LRB- before the preceeding quest -RRB- . - Can not go back to side quests after main quest is completed ? Why the hell not ? That 's a pretty moronic game design choice . Morrowind let 's you play on forever ... It extends the longevity of the title . - Long recovery time when you get hit . Why does every single hit have to knock me down ? Even if my `` toughness '' is maxed out.Morrowind is overall clearly a better title , but due to its massive amount of glitches , it 's also more annoying . If you want a lighter , more contained , briefer version of Morrowind with simpler gameplay , Fable is an excellent choice for xbox , also playable on 360 .
 Ok ... so I 'll break it down for you . The story-line is predictable , but no big deal - these games rarely have good storylines . The graphics are quite nice though I felt like I was playing a cartoon . Now many gamers like the idea of a free-roam world , where you can walk around and interact with a billion different things and I appreciate that freedom too but not to this extent . I finished the game in 3 days and I went to read about whether I had missed anything and there were some small things I missed but the most strikingly common theme I read was `` This is a game meant to be played again and again choosing a different alignment '' I played it as a good guy , but now that I 'm done I do n't think that this game was SO great that I need to play it again as an evil dude just to get a different ending . A game like KOTOR -LRB- Knights of the Old Republic -RRB- is a game that I enjoyed playing both as an evil dude and as a good one . Fable though , not so much . And I did n't even play this game religiously ... but I STILL finished in three days and now I feel like I 've wasted 50 bucks . In other words , buy it used or wait till its $ 20 .
 for your information you can see previews and screens about the game in the internet without the game actually being released . Maybe thats why they know a little bit about the game even if it releases in semptember.Even if they are just guessing its none of your @ $ $ # % # & * bussiness . Thanks for reading .
 Ninja Gaiden is one of the best games ever created . I decided to get an XBox primarily to be able to play this game ... it 's that good .
 this game is the best you can have sword and shoot lightning from your finger tips
 I 'M GIVING FABLE FIVE STARS EVEN THOUGH IT 'S NOT RELEASED YET BECAUSE I 'M A HYPE-BELIEVING SAP .
 Think about this for a minute.In the Sims 2 -LRB- which is going to be released on the same day as this consiquently -RRB- You have a character who has aspirations , dreams , hopes , can pass their DNA down through the line , and the Sims franchise will basically live your lives for you because you weigh 30 pounds over the `` projected perfection '' and you 're too afraid to go out and live life.In other words , the Sims 2 will be the ultimate chick game and the ultimate waste of time.Now FABLE comes along and offers close to the same thing , only more . More = violence . Forgive me for sounding chovanist , but the idea of marrying a young lass struck with amazement at your status in the game , knocking her up , and fighting for good and evil , does comprise MORE than a game based coded personalities -LRB- no matter how many algoritims there are that make up these personalities -RRB- which after a while , I assure you will be tapped out.So , if you want to go and live life through your computer and marry Prince Charming or that raven haired woman you ca n't approach at work , go ahead and waste your money on the Sims . But if you want a life experience in which you have a dramatic role in fighting off evil -LRB- or slaughtering innocence -RRB- in the world around you , while still engaging in day to day activities . Pick this up .
 this game is going to be great and i agree that this will be the greatest rpg of all time based on the trailers , articles in countless magazines and grafics im going to get this game the day it comes out if u love rpg 's get this game .
 This game rocks !! Great graphics !! Interesting play , you can make your character good or evil . Hours of fun !!! Buy this game if you love RPG games !! This game is so much better than the stupid game The Bard 's Tale !!! It beats every game for the Xbox hands down !!! Yes , even Halo 2 !! You will not be disappointed with this game !!
 I agree with deebee , even if a game looks INCREDIBLY awesome , it does n't mean it 's going to live up to the hype , I 've been disappointed before . At any rate , from all I 've read and all the screenshots I 've been drooling over , I really really think this game is going to take RPGing to a whole new level , since , for me at least , one of the things that make an RPG a good one is the stregnth of the main character -LRB- in terms of depth -RRB- , and since I 'm going to be the person who decides it , I ca n't see how it can go wrong ! I 'll be keeping my fingers crossed !
 I am so looking forward to fable and I cant wait for it to come out it looks so cool . I was wondering if you could make female charactors because I havent seen any . If someone knows the answer please write it in your review I beg you please please please
 Fable is the BEST game I 've ever played . I like how you can do ANYTHING you want like being good or evil .
 Fable sounds like it will have a developed interaction sytem more creative but similar in design to KOTOR , being that I really liked that game , albeit it was somewhat simple , it was fun , I ca n't wait to see fable , Graphics should never be the firstmost important thing on our minds for games , it should be gameplay and story . That 's what this game is hoping to deliver .
 considering how much detail and effort they put into this game it will probably outrank kotor which is probably the best game on xbox , I ca n't believe Morrowind is compared with this , we all know Fables gon na be way better . I mean tatoos , clothing , battle scars , haircuts , armor and pets ! I know Morrowind has some of those but the graphics suck ! Fables graphics are awesome ! If you see Morrowind in the store right next to Fable , take my word for it Fables a better choice .
 This was my first fantasy/role-playing game , and I bought it after watching a friend play the new version for xbox 360 . In general , I was very impressed ... gameplay is really smooth and intuitive , and the missions are well-designed . There are truly an amazing number of way in which your character can interact with the world
 FableFable was supposed to be the game in which everything you did affected your story and character . Was it ? No , not by any means . It is however , an extremely fun game that anyone can pick up and play . It is an RPG , but the game is very simplistic . Any learning curve that exists is explained during the opening hour of the game.Graphics - 8/10Fable has a different type of graphical style to it . It 's not supposed to look realistic or cartoony . The lighting is there , but I would not consider it the best . Everything is easily distinguished from one another . Environments are all very well done and nothing feels repetitive.Story - 9.5 / 10This is the best aspect of the game . Despite the game being short , it packs in an incredible story . You start as a young boy who is just trying to do deeds to get his sister a birthday present . Soon , bloodthirsty bandits attack your town of Oakvale . They are looking for you and your family . You have no idea why . They kill all of your family , or at least it seems that way at the time . Luckily , you are saved by a man named Maze and taken to the Hero 's Guild . From there you begin training to be a Hero , who can be good or evil . You will grow up and take on new challenges as you go along . You can take multiple ways to get through the game . Sadly , despite whatever way you take , you will end up in the same place at the end of the game.Sound - 7/10There is n't much bad you can say about the sound . Everything sounds good . The music is always good , but it can get tedious after a while due to them playing a lot of the same music over and over again . The music will always fit what is going on though . The sounds effects of everything are average to good . The weapon sounds are a little below average . Your foes sounds are pretty good.Gameplay - 8.5 / 10This game really shines in this area of judging . Fable is very fun to play . You will play it many times just to have an evil or good character . I found it to be much more interesting to be evil myself , but you may feel differently . That is one of the great things about this game . You have melee combat , archery , and magic at your disposal . Sadly , there is n't much variety in weapons . They are usually just stronger than your last weapon . Magic on the other hand is very fun to use . There is a fairly large variety of magic spells you can use . Some spells are for hurting your opponents , but some are for helping you . It all depends . Also , body armor/clothing is lacking in this game . There is usually just a dark suit , normal suit , and light suit at each level of clothing . Your appearance plays a role as to how people treat you , but not a big enough role for it to matter how you dress.Difficulty - 5/10 -LRB- Note - This is how much I like the difficulty -RRB- The game is short and easy . The only thing you could have problems with is the final boss and the arena challenge . Everything else is as easy as block/attack/block . The game can be completed in a few hours . The only side quests are Demon Doors , which you have to do a task to open , and they are n't that great anyway.Overall - 7/10This is n't the best game in the world , but it is a solid game . It 's easy to pick up if you are n't a committed game player . Many hardcore gamers will be let down by the game 's simplistic design and lack of options that mean anything . Still , the good story and ability to be good or evil makes this game good and I suggest it to anyone . Just do n't expect aFinal Fantasy XIItype game .
 Along with the two Halo games , Fable is one of Xbox 's best games . The gameplay and story are addictive and fun . The game is full of humor and a lot of action . Since I did n't have high expectations for this game , when I played it I was simply shocked by how good it actually was . Since I bought it to play on my Xbox 360 the game was very cheap by then so not only did I buy one of the best game ever , but I got it for a mere $ 10 .
 Many of the reviews mention that this game did not live up to the hype . From the perspective of someone who 's playing the game 3 yrs after its release , I missed all of the hype . That being said I probably rank this game higher than those who bought the hype . Apparently within the hype were a lot of broken promises.This game shares a few similarities with GTA San Andreas . -LRB- hence my title -RRB- It offers a large open ended world where you can kill random people . If you choose to kill innocent people , the guards/police will come after you . In both games you can have multiple wives/girlfriends in different cities -LRB- both of which give you gifts if you keep them happy -RRB- . That 's about where the similarities end . You ca n't steal cars , boats or planes -LRB- obviously -RRB- . In fact there are no modes of transportation -LRB- except teleporting -RRB- . You get so lost in the game that you do n't even notice that there is n't a single horse in the entire world . That aspect of Fable is nothing like GTA . The actual game is more comparable to Zelda.This game has an excellent journey with a very abrupt ending . My biggest complaint with this game is that once you take your final quest the game is over . They should follow the lead of GTA style games , where once you 've completed the main story line you can continue to free-roam and complete side quests . After you 've worked so hard to get the best weapons , and max out your attributes you should be able to actually use them.Edit
 While the game was incredible . I did find the main story line way too short . However I waited another year , went back , and played the game again . This time I tried being completely good , -LRB- I obviously went Evil the first time -RRB- I also went on all the side missions and did pretty much everything there is to do in the game . -LRB- I.E. opening all the demon doors , getting all the silver keys , finding the dolls ... etc -RRB- Over-all I found it more satisfying the second time . Getting to play both sides and experimenting on the different missions really adds variety to the game . I think there is probably a little bit of something for everyone in this game . If you think it was too short , then you should go back and play it with a different path or trying everything you can think of . If you still think it was too short , then you are probably comparing it to Morrowind ! Over-all I enjoyed the game .
 I really enjoyed playing and beating Fable . It was a little shorter than I expected , but there was a lot more stuff that I could have done . Graphics were good , music was great , story line was superb . I would reccomend buyting this game , because you will enjoy playing it to it 's completion .
 After spending most of last night playing this , and a lot of today i might add . I have to say that the Xbox consoll has on themselves a true gameing gem . `` Fable '' is without a doubt one of the most enjoyable and entertaining games I have played in a very long time . With a wide variety of things to do and a story line that is very entertaining , you almost cant go wrong with Fable . The ONLY knock I have at Fable is that the main story of the game will only take you about 10 hours to complete , but the side quests and things to do will keep you playing this game for a long time trust me . If you are even considering the idea of purchasing this game , then you should buy it you will not be disapointed .
 I thought that Fable was one of the best games that I ` ved ever played . The makers did an great job on the world itself and everything in it . I thought that the only thing that could be better is the timing . I though just like everyone else , it could be longer . But I 'm not gon na cry and whine like everyone else . Its not like you cant start a new game and play it totally different than the one before . Thats the great thing about this game , you cant play the same game twice .
 FABLE , is the best adventure/rpg game I 've played since Lengend of Zelda . Hearing all cry babies out there , complaining the game is too short . Yes , you can probably beat the game in under 13 hours -LRB- if you dont have a personal life -RRB- but you 'll never have the same experience playing it through again . Playing as a good guy , bad guy or something in between , changing your appreance with hair cuts or tatoo 's is a cool idea . So , stop reading this and play FABLE loser . .
 This RPG -LRB- role playing game -RRB- is more of action or adventure game . It is better for young teens . The pictures are the story looking . All and all a great game could n't put controller down you should at least rent it it will be one of the top 10 games this year .
 Okay , there are numerous ways this game is gon na rock . I list my top ten reasons right here .10 . Battle scars and what-not9 . Out of battle life -LRB- marraige , offspring , etc. -RRB- 8 . Appearance change7 . Start out as a kid6 . M-rated5 . Realeases really soon -LRB- Sept. 14 -RRB- 4 . Much interaction3 . Rumored to have music from Danny Elfman -LRB- Batman , Edward Scissorhands , etc. -RRB- 2 . Can be good or evil1 . Crazy huge options and many , many ways to end the game
 I do n't exactly own Fable , yet . I only rented from Blockbuster but I will get my own copy real soon . This game is real cool and if you like Fable check out MUOnline.com and download MU it 's a whole lot like Fable but you play online with people around the Globe . Also if you like MU and Fable try Guild Wars . Those two -LRB- 2 -RRB- game ... MU and Guild Wars will have you sitting on the computer all day long . Sometimes I would be playing and rarely realize it 's like 4 am in the morning . LOL \ -LRB- ^ u ^ -RRB- /
 If people compare this game to Morrowind , it 's a pretty hard choice for people that 's attached to the game . If not , than this is a pretty smart choice . Fable allows you to choose your path , as for other games take you into levels that are the same every time you play them . Like D&D , this game allows you to choose that path you take when you are young and lets you progress it when you are older . You can also change your path if it is not working for you . You can be a heroic heroe . You can perverted loser . And you can be a evil villainist . Overall , this game let 's you have the destiny that you would actually choose in reality . I 've seen the trailers , the game looks excellent .
 FIRST AND FOREMOST , WE ALL WAITED 3 YEARS TO PLAY THIS GAME AND WE EXPECTED A STELLAR GROUNDBREAKING ROLE PLAYING EXPERIENCE . THIS IS A GREAT GAME IF YOU DO NOT PUT IT ON THAT PEDESTAL . BASICALLY IF YOU COMBINED MORROWIND , ZELDA , AND KOTOR YOU WOULD GET FABLE . THAT IS NOT A BAD THING HOWEVER BECAUSE THAT IS 3 GREAT GAMES . IT IS A VERY SHORT GAME IF YOU JUST BARRELL THROUGH IT AND DO NOT TAKE THE TIME TO EXPLORE THE WORLDS THAT FABLE HAS TO OFFER . YOU CAN ALTER YOUR APPEARANCE BY YOUR ACTIONS IN THE GAME WORLD . THE ONLY THING KEEPING THIS GAME FROM 5 STARS IN MY OPINION IS THE TERRIBLY CHEESY BOSS BATTLES , I MEAN COME ON . OTHER THAN THAT THIS GAME DOES HAVE A VERY SOLID COMBAT SYSTEM ALLOWING YOU TO SWITCH FROM ARCHERY TO MAGIC TO MELEE ATTACKS IN THE BAT OF AN EYE . I DEFINITLEY RECCOMEND THIS TITLE TO CASUAL GAMERS AND HARDCORE GAMERS ALIKE .
 No doubt about it , this is a great game . It is a completely different RPG and a definate succesfful one . You can do apsolutely anything u want , steal , beg , rome , turn evil , anything , hit peasants , crime , -LRB- etc. -RRB- The only problem though with this games is that it tends to get a bit dull at some points of the game . Here are my pros and consPros : Great graphicsAbility to do anythingBe bad , or goodCompletely new RPG and different in a good wayCons : gets boring at some pointsno online support/content downloadsClick yes if this review helped you
 Do anything , be anything this is truly a remarkable game . Every thing u do changes your lifestyle . For good or bad . Go bald or become a hair ball . Be a theif or a rescuer . If you make friends , team up with them or steal all they have.If you read this YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'm a moderate gamer , and normally I do n't get too excited over upcoming releases -LRB- the Grand Theft Auto series excepted -RRB- , but when my boyfriend got his new XBox Magazine complete with preview of Fable , I was blown away ! This truly looks to be one of the most complex , fun games ever created . You start out as a young boy , and live out your life from that point on . You are constantly confronted with choices , and every decision you make , no matter how big or small , affects what will happen to you later in the game -LRB- ex . - battle scars stay with you for life , or characters you have done wrong to could try to kill you -RRB- . You are either revered or despised by the AI characters in the game , and you alone are responsible for how others see you . While you 're out on missions , people back home are going about their lives in real time . You can get married and have children , who could grow up in your absences . Like any other RPG , there 's plenty of skill building and fighting , but what really seems to set this game apart is the level of detail that went into the scenery , the AI , and the real-time progression of events . Not to mention the variety of outcomes based on your choices . This is probably the first game I 've ever heard of that you could play over and over without the exact same thing happening twice . If the game is as good as the hype , it 'll be well worth the $ 49.99 . A definite must-buy !
 Ok do n't get me wrong this game is pretty fun but $ 80 you got to be kidding me this is a huge rip off do n't buy this copy for christ 's sake you could buy the lost chapters version which has more gameplay for an eigth of the price you could also go to gamestop and get it there for like $ 10 or $ 8 do n't buy this copy unles you really wan na over pay
 You have to give it to Peter Molyneaux - he simply knows how to get you excited over any game he makes and Fable is no exception . But , like it also happened with Black & White , the end product is not exactly what he promised.The main problem of Fable is that it pretends to be something is not . The game has been heavily advertised as a role-playing game with very open gameplay , deep story and endless possibilities to change your destiny . Enough to make any Morrowind fan drool . Unfortunately though , Fable is nowhere close to Morrowind or Kotor , but with a reason . You see , Fable is not really a role-playing game , so it can not really be compared to the 2 best RPGs on XBox . Fable is actually an excellent action/adventure game , very similar to Zelda . It 's a great game on its own , even if it does not live to its promises.So , if Morrowind is what you expect from this game , then do not buy it . The story is very linear , you hardly can make any choices and the number of valuable skills is very limited . But , if you can go over these issues , Fable still has a lot to bring to the table . The graphics are excelent , the quests varied enough to make it interesting , the fighting easy to master and the world - just gorgeously designed.Other things not to like about Fable - it is very short . You can easily finish it in 12-15 hours , if you do all the quests . Once you fight the final boss , the game ends . There are many things you can do -LRB- get married , get drunk , play cards , get tattoos , get haircuts , have sex , etc -RRB- , but the AI is spotty , like it was in Black & White . Sometimes works and it 's brilliant and sometimes it just does n't . Overall , I would recommend buying this game . It has a lot of replayability -LRB- good vs bad , around 25 skills and you can only max around 6-8 first time around , etc -RRB- . While it is not Morrowind , it is a welcomed addition to the best XBox hits .
 Fable has quickly become one of the must have titles on X-Box . The degree of beauty and detail makes for a fun play . Character customization and quest completions create a unique experience . You have to play this game more then once to completly embrace all Fable has to offer .
 Yes , this game is great , it 's a very fun and addictive game . That pretty much covers it , it 's almost perfect , but , there are some things missing . The game changes a lot as you progress , but things do n't change unless YOU change them , making it feel shallow . Plus , the Main Quest is really , really short , and the story is pretty boring until a certain way into the game , but once it gets to that point , it rocks even more , after all , what RPG besides The Sims lets you get married and have sex ? The combat in this game is also very impressive , whether you choose to fight with close ranged weapons such as swords , axes , maces , or hammers , or go with the bow or crossbow , or even magic , it is always a very fun time . The ability to make yourself fat and un-physically fit is kind of fun too , even get drunk and throw up all over the place ... But the game is a fun RPG to play , and the choces you make decide whether you are evil , or good , and it 's not like the obvious `` be good '' or `` be bad '' things in Knights of the Old Republic , which people also said being good was tedious , the choices are much more you that decide the good or bad of your character . I definitely reccomend this game , pick it up if you ever have the means , or rent it , the game is short enough to rent , but too much fun to not just buy it , I hope people buy this game , it is revolutionary , like Morrowind and Zelda combined with an `` M '' rated twist .
 Okay first off the easy part . The DVD with this game is basicly like the disk that come with the offical XBox mag.Previews for upcomeing games . Demos for games that have been out for months . -LRB- Why do n't the realise Demos BEFORE the game is out ??? -RRB- Then there is a Trailer for Fable and a multipart feature on it 's makeing . Nice to have but not worth going crazy over . *** Now the game . It 's take over my life . I 've only reached the second town but have stoped so I can buy up all the houses and shops.Yes you can buy up houses and buisness in this game . The second town you can literally own the whole thing and collect rent from it . Very much like GTA : VC.As combat takes up the fast majorty of the game it 's good to know the system is rock solid . The controls respond perfectly . I never have the problem in other games of hitting buttons and the character not respond . Also the combo system is easy I dont have to do a thirty button combo to use a special move or spell.The graphics are very beautful and they really do get the job done . I 've heard complaits that the characters all look alike . I do n't see how this is a problem since it 's exactly like 100 % of all other vidoe games out there . That include `` background '' characters.In closeing I 'd say there is enougth in this game to keep someone busy for a good long time if there willing to use there imagnation . The main story is fairly short but there are side quests and other things to do just for fun.My one and only complaint is being stuck to paths vs. the free roaming promised when the game was in development . Really makes the game feel constraed and makes it worlds shorter .
 I love this game . I just get caught up in it . It 's not perfect . Maybe a little too linear and a lot of people are more worried about the hype that what it 's about . But I just find it exceptionally fun to play . I love the exploring and dealing with the NPC 's and seeing their reactions and the fighting is fun . It 's just an excellent game .
 I played it last night for about 4 hours so this can be considered a `` First Look '' . The Bad : Very , very -LRB- too -RRB- easy at first . Walk outside the Guild and things change but not soon enough.True RPG fans may not fully embrace it . It 's a blend of RPG and fighting game more like a Diablo/Dead or Alive Hybrid than Morrowind.Pet peeve - arrows are automatic , that just ai n't real.The interface is a little perplexing at first , especially for the quick menu that gives you expressions and inventory . A lot of D-Pad goin on . I `` used '' my moneybag and the one gold piece I had went missing . Buying and selling interface is way better in other games.The Good : Fights are fast and furious . Not much in the way of sword control but defense , movement and combat spell casting are very cool.Spells are awesome.Graphics are impressive , environments especially , although characters tend to be somewhat cartoony.Storyline is intriguing but could be more complex.Not necessarily for youngsters.Hint
 fun game . super easy compared to other RPG 's . easy to use/learn controls and experience format too.Gotta love the side quests and neat weapons too .
 A fun game . It 's fun to be different levels of good and bad and to grow your character in different ways . The side quests are fun for the fun of searching and finding shtuff .
 this is the best game around i mean c , mon you can choose whether you become evil or good and this has unlimited possibilities like get a tatoo , fight bullys , kill creatures master spell casting skils and even get married and also you dont have to play through the game ether you could stay in a certain town have a job and every time you fight your muscles will build and your skills will increase !!! you can make friends or make your friends enemies ether way you choose this game rocks !!!!!
 This is an rpg . You do anything . If you are good you will have an angelic glow and you will be admired by everyone but if you are evil you will have devil horns and people will flee from you . You have weapons and magic and you can get tattoos , haircuts , clothes , armor etc. . You can buy estates for your guy and even get married and have kids . A torture chamber awaits simple morons and you can use it ! This will be great !
 this is going to be the greatest game , other than halo 2 . i am looking forward to this game because you can choose how you live your life in the game . you have different wepons and magic . this game is almost like Moorwind . this game is going to be dabomb
 I am so phsyced about this game . You have the ability to be good or bad . It has real time combat and magic . It also has customization and branching conversations with different stories . There is also leveling up , like any RPG . It has swords , magic , and bows . You can be highly revered by villagers or despised . Although it dumped an originally planned co-op mode , it still should have awsome gameplay and enormous replay value with the ability to be Righteous or devious . Plus this comes with a bonus DVD with 4 hours of making of features and game demos.Pre-order this game now . Also , do n't review this if you dislike RPG 's , fantasies , and adventures because your giving it a bad score -LRB- at least most will -RRB- because of its genre .
 As being one of the most anticipated role playing game at the electronics convention -LRB- the e3 -RRB- , Fable diffently is going to be quite a game . The life of the world is amazing , people do there own things while you are on quites , they react to things you do from the past to the future . They also have a gesture system that allows you to swoon or make people laugh or just be rude ! Those are just a couple of them . As far as the battle systems goes i heard it is easy to use . You can use magic or bows and arrows or swords and over 50 other weapons . Its all hack and slash , its not turn based you dont have to wait for a turn . Its like zelda , you can attack when you want too . Another interesting thing about the game is that you can either be evil or good . If your good , people in town will cheer for you and praise you . If your bad , people will hide from you and just fear you . Your apperence changes as well , evil side you grow pale and grow horns and have an evil aura . Good side you have a halo appear over you and you look glowy and good . You also have 3 primary stats which will effect your body . Melee weapons -LRB- swords , etc -RRB- . Will might you a bruting hulk . Ranged attacks -LRB- arrows -RRB- will make you nimble . Will -LRB- magic -RRB- will make you look wise and bald . This game is entirely by choice , you do what you want to do !
 This is an rpg . You do anything . If you are good you will have an angelic glow and you will be admired by everyone but if you are evil you will have devil horns and people will flee from you . You have weapons and magic and you can get tattoos , haircuts , clothes , armor etc. . You can buy estates for your guy and even get married and have kids . A torture chamber awaits simple morons and you can use it ! This will be great !
 This game was fun and in decent condition . It came almost a week earlier then i thought it would so that made me happy !
 I played this game for the first time a few years back . Since then I have moved on to the second and third versions . I have to say without a doubt that the first one was the game that hooked me . I mistakenly traded in the first copy I had . It took me a long time to find it again , so needless to say , I will never get rid of any of these games . It 's completely different everytime you play it . I highly recommend it , to anyone .
 The company that i ordered this game from sent me the wrong game but when i started playing i could really care less . This game has a much better storyline and the graohics are way better than i expected .
 my daughter loves fable . She plays all the time . She made me buy all the additional fable games 2 & 3 . She is hooked .
 the game was to me in a timly matter and when i had a question i got a responce right away . the game was in very good condition thanks
 the game arrived quickly . had a few scratches but nothing that affected the playing . i really have no complaints .
 This game is one of the Better RPG 's on the market . You start as a young boy and as the game progresses you get older , sound familiar ? * smiles * You also receive battle wounds -LRB- scars -RRB- that are visible on the spot you where wounded , my guy looks kind of like an American Indian after 30 years of knife fighting ! Great story , also VERY Re-Playable , the story can be molded by your decisions and your Karma .
 `` Fable '' is by far one of the funnest and most addicting games to play on the XBOX . With a great story and superb game-play , as well as many elements that truly add to the experience , this is one of my all-time favorite games I 've yet to play ... Featuring a great story of a boy who grows up to become a hero -LRB- or perhaps villain , depending on the choices you make -RRB- , the game is made up of many quests that will raise your renown , as well as decide how others look at you . You can live honorably , or choose a darker path ... it 's all up to you . And it 's all determined by the choices you make in the game how the characters in the game will react to you ... On top of such things as weapons and armor , your hero can change his hairstyle and even get tattoos , which all change his appearance in the game . He can even get married -LRB- to multiple women -RRB- ; buy houses that he can live in or rent out for extra income ; eat , drink , and get drunk ; and even kick chickens , which will vary in distance . What the relevance of some of these features are , I 'm not sure , but it is all there should you choose to make use of it , which I feel really adds to the true depth of this game.The game also continues after you complete the storyline , allowing you to play on and enjoy its great world even after you 've won . I feel this feature was a rather fun addition , though I did n't play on for too long after completing it . I gave up on it when I got a copy of Fable
 I personally have this game on the Xbox 360 platform . I purchased the PS2 game as a Christmas present for a friend 's kids . They love it . It was a hit straight out of the box for them .
 The Ghost Recon franchise , after the disappointment that was `` Ghost Recon 2 , '' returns to what works -LRB- including a first-person perspective ! -RRB- with `` Ghost Recon
 This is a tough game to play , but if you have the patience and like Tom Clancy games , you will love it . If it gets too tough , just play it on easy , which might not be a bad idea the first time through . This is definately serious hunting .
 I liked this game , but thought it was kind of short . Good graphics , except in one of the night vision modes which in it makes it difficult to see anything . Does n't take a whole lot to get yourself killed in this game , a few hits and your done for . There are a lot better combat games out there , but this one is pretty good . I think it is worth buying .
 People say that this game does n't have good graphics . I say , so what ? I think in a war game , the gameplay matters more . The game is all about stealth , the AI is fine , the sound is only bad if you have a bad disk . This is one of the best shooter series I have played . It goes a different direction than all the others .
 I think this game is awsome . i got it a couple days ago.it is really fun.Some levals are hard , in some you get to use huge machine guns and blow up everthing , but it is not bad if your mom whants to know that . IT IS AWSOME .
 This has the best 1st person shooter ever !!!! I love this game.I think it 's almost as good as Halo !
 I own all of the Ghost Recons , but when Ghost Recon 2 came out , I was a little dissapointed because of the long loading time , retarded AI , poor gameplay , and the lack of weapons . But this Ghost Recon is much better . The graphics are good , the AI are actually usefull , there is new options such as thermal goggles and the ability to take cover fast . I would recommend this to anyone who likes running around in cities shooting people . So overall , great game , it brings my respect for the ghost recon series back to the way it was after Ghost Recon Jungle Storm and Island Thunder came out !
 The game has great graphics . My brother loves it because it was a challenge and tested his mind . Would recommend and I do n't really like video games like this . This game is an exception .
 I just bought this game yesterday and it rocks !!!! The single player is awesome but what i love is online play . So many awesome people to play online with . Some of my buddies from GR 2 are on this game . The graphics are PS2 graphics . The only thing I dont like is instead of 16 players online they have 8 . This is a good game for anyone who loves war games or Firsr person shooters . This game was first on the 360 but i am so glad its on the PS2 . This is a verry fun game to play i highly recomend it
 Ghost recon advanced warfighter is AWESOME ! IT features both future and modern day weaponry . Also it has a much larger selection guns . Another thing that i thought made the game even more fun was that a lot of its key features are based of the Objective Force Worrier -LRB- OFW -RRB- witch is being develeped by the US Army . It 's the best ghost recon game ever ! If you liked any of the other ghost recon games buy this . You 'll love it !!
 When you think of Ghost Recon or even Tom Clancy video games you think of `` STEALTH '' missions , well this game does n't have much stealth at all . With the `` ABILITY TO SWITCH '' between stealth and just full on `` ATTACK '' it is n't really stealth at all , your partner in most missions just stands around waiting for your orders , but if you choose `` ATTACK '' mode than your partner just does most the work and that is n't fun unless you are a `` lazy bum '' and like doing just about nothing . Plus this game does n't even have `` TWO PLAYER '' game play although it has online play it still is a bunch of `` BULL '' !!!!!!!!! Overall I rate the fun of this game a 3 and the game overall a 4.5 . So this game might be a good buy . Written by
 By my son Charlie , age 9
 I just rented the game today and I 'm hooked on it . I have Ghost Recon Jungle and that brought me into the games . I read most of the peoples reviews , but rented it anyway . I began to play and yes the enemy soldiers do indeed skip frames , just as the other games did , but I got over that pretty fast . In some cases it takes awhile to take down an enemy soldier , which kind of stinks , but all in all the game play so far has worked to my advantege . Also the game dos n't have very bad graphics , and their better than the past few Ghost Recon games . I 'm not saying the graphics are amazing , i 'm just saying that they work , if you know what I mean . It 's a fun game , and so far i 've enjoying every bit of it .
 Previous reviews talk about how bad the graphics are for the PS2 edition . What are you expecting ? To be plugged in Matrix and get graphics that are totally lifelike ? You whiners do n't know how good you 've got it . The graphics are better than the original Ghost Recon for PC . If you like FPS 's and you liked the original Ghost Recon , then you 're going to enjoy this game.I prefer using a mouse and keyboard interface for FPS 's but I adapted quickly to this . If you 've come to this page looking for a Ghost Recon title for your PS2 , then you will NOT be the least bit disappointed with this title .
 Well at first the game looks and plays really good ... but AIs really sucks ! if you want to have the game to follow the story line then buy it . I like several missions , but certain parts of the game makes me angery ... Get the xbox 360 version . . much better !
 Gaming experience is great . AI is good , graphics are good , story plot is good , the accuracy with which the game follows the player 's game play is excellent . Difficulty levels are accurate , easier levels are not so easy that the game gets boring , yet the harder levels are challenging enough for the experienced gamer . Great game !
 The gameplay of this game is insufficient , But beautiful clarity . . No hang ups . . a game wit better view angle would help . .
 Ok this game might not be as popular as FIFA 2004 but it is actually better as it has more of the players actual faces added on the game like Bixente Lizarazu , Marcus Allback , Deco , Pauleta , David James and C.Ronaldo -LRB- some dont appear on the profile but they do during a game -RRB- , there are less glitches/bugs in this game , has slightly better gameplay and some of the underated players got slightly higher ratings than in FIFA 2004 , the Minus track is very good and there are free Euro 2004 stickers with this game :-RRB- -LRB- The free stickers were very good as i got some rares like Nesta -RRB- . The only downfall about this game is the Holland team is very f *** ed up as it dosent include the names and some of the faces of the players , I found this very unfair indeed as I saw another international football game in the gamestore with the official names of the Holland squad . But even so overall id still say this is a better game than Fifa 2004
 If , like me , you were watching most of Euro 2004 , then this game will remind you of the great competition in Portugal . It 's not as smooth or realistic as FIFA , but it is fun to play nonetheless .
 I do n't know what these folks are tellin you about this game , do n't listen to them . It 's a great game , if you are a true soccer fan . -LRB- unlike some reviewers -RRB- But I 'm an England fan , maybe I am just born to love soccer and anything to do with it . This game has so many cool features , like the free kick system is top notch , the new , situation , penalty modes are all fun . And in Fantasy Mode , you just make your Euro Dream Team . My team consists of players such as David Beckham , Michael Owen , James Beattie , Raul , Figo , Oliver Kahn , Ashley Cole , Frank Lampard , and other Euro stars . I highly recomend this game to a soccer fan , it 's a good game but takes some time to get used to the controls , at least it did for me . Hope this review is helpful to anyone looking to purchase the game .
 This game will be the best soccer game ever . It will be even better than Winning Eleven 7 . It has over 51 national teams and a variety of game modes example Situation , Euro , Fantasy , Training etc. . It has newer and better skill mover then ever before eg . chip shots , nutmengs , bicycle kicks and a lot more . EA SPORTS have made an excellent show after the very disappointing FIFA 2004 . This is a must have for any Soccer fan.I will buy it on the very first day of its release and probably you will too.You can get more details on its official site `` www.euro2004game.ea.com '' .
 i love playing moto games and this is no different from the rest of the best
 this game is just to play around on the free ride tracks i love trying new tricks and getting a lot of air
 If you are into this kind of stuff like me you ca n't go wrong with this game !
 This game has great things unlike other motocross games this has indoor racing , baja , outdoor racing , and freestyle . After I got it , it was hard but then i got use to it . They have great tricks like barrel rolls ,360 's , indian air , flips.supermans , and muchmore . Other people hate this game but I think there -LRB- crazy -RRB- . I hope this is help full to whoever reads this . ...
 In my opinion this should be one of the best Dirt bike racing games to come out . Having played previous Supercross games on the PS1 and given the technology of the PS2 I 'm really looking forward to seeing this game in action . Previous games have been getting better and better for the game including small features such as winning the hole shot , grooves in the track , and actual supercross tracks . Also another great feature is being able to set up your bike for track conditions and terrain . So look forward to this being the best supercross game yet !! I 'm sure all other games will derive themselves off of this one now . Look for all the features and more I 'm sure !! 5 star is my opinion on what this game will bring in .
 Well i 'm a big fan of motocross , Well actually I do motocross . So it makes it easy to judge game 's like , how real there air time is and how real there tricks are , I got MX 2002 for my PS2 and really it 's pretty un-realistic , You can do duble back flips and 360 's like it was an every day trick . But this game is way better , You do have more levels and the freestyle courses are way sicker . You do have more real bike 's , Unlike MX 2002 you have all these fake bikes you have never heared of . But all I can say is you have to get this game or at least rent it when it comes out !
 Excellent video for the PS2 platform . May be a little spooky for children under 13 . Delivered promptly and contained everything that it was promised to .
 This Game is Great i think its got good graphics and really cool guns and best of all , you have Voodo Power . The Grigori -LRB- which are what the bosses are called -RRB- are really hard to beat , but all other enimeis are really weak.Anyway , i think this game is alot like Devil May Cry but not as good .
 This Game is Great i think its got good graphics and really cool guns and best of all , you have Voodo Power . The Grigori -LRB- which are what the bosses are called -RRB- are really hard to beat , but all other enimeis are really weak.Anyway , i think this game is alot like Devil May Cry but not as good .
 This game looks outstanding , simply outstanding ! The enemies in this game will be much smarter and will alert other enemies if they see you or see a dead body , how amazing is that ! The game is not as dark as the first , there are more characters in this game , the graphics are obviously better being on PS2 . The games atmosphere can totally add up to those of the Resident Evil series . But then getting back to the enemies artificial intelligence , that only is a good enough reason to get this game . Enemies react differentally towards things happening in the game there are also dramatic changes in the games climate like snow , rain and floods . This is a must have for your collection !
 this game here ... first of all it does differ a lot from the first shaddow man . it is worth the small amount of money by far , and it is extremly fun game . but how much fun it is would definatly be the downfall of this game . they didnt put the length into this one like they did the first shaddow man . it definatly isnt long enough . there was way more that they could have done with this to drag it on and it definatly would not of been a mistake . but yeah this game is really good aside from that one problem . you will travel all over the world and explore old and new areas of deadside to stop the end of mankind . great adventure game .
 it is a great game , but is not as good as the first one.It was very interesting , and cool .
 some people give great reviews but this game is a joke . If you want to waste your time Play this game . Just remember what I said . waste of time
 This game looks absolutely freaky . If it contains the twists and turns of the first coming we are all in store for an incredible game with a variety of aweness . This game contains a frenzy of braintwisting excitement . This entire game and series is just a debacle of Biblical proportions .
 This game is worth playing . Especially now that the price used is less than a value meal . The first few levels can be a bit complicated but once you understand the direction of the game it 's very entertaining . The levels are eerie , the graphics are well done , the interaction is intelligent . All in all it 's a four star affair . Nothing MIND BLOWING , ... it 's a video game .
 SM2 is without a doubt a very cool game with a good story and lots of gameplay . Basically it is fantasy game where you play a detective/gangster/superhero / undead character who must find various items in order to beat the end boss . Okay we have all been there before but SM2 does it aces and there is huge amount of game play involved with dozens of different unique weapons and lots of action with over three dozen different locations . I was playing SM2 for well over a week and enjoyed every minute of it . The voodoo weapons are really what makes this game so cool and they are extremely original . The maps are vast and there is a challange playing each one . This game is better than most other action games on the PS2 and is a must for any collection.I highly recommend that you give SM2 a whirl . You will not be dissapointed !
 Here we go again . I 'm glad to see Mike back in action , although I 'm only a veteran of the Dreamcast version of the first game . In general , Shadow Man
 If you 're a fan of the action horror genre , or video games in general , you need to check out Shadow Man
 I got Shadow Man on N64 only 2 months before Shadowman 2econd coming came out . Picked up the N64 version , and to my amazement , that was the best 8 dollars I ever spent on a game . Unbelieveable . Glad I walked into that pawn shop that day ... then I walked into Deadside ... I will always love the endless hours I sayed up all night with Shadowman on N64 , Just cant get enough ... never finished the first one , got at least 3/4ths finished , then jumped into the 2econd coming . MAJOR differences ! I agree that that the graphics are tight in the 2econd coming , but ... N64 ShadowMan bypasses any great graphics with the haunting upbeat music , rattles , childrens cries , moaning , screams , etc. . .2 econd coming just dosent have it with the orchestra music . So glad that some things are recognizable like the path to the church . . the sound of the shadowgun ... things like that . . etc. . Spoiled on ShadowMan 64 ???? Yeah !! If Acclaim could remake N64 Shadowman with the graphics of the Playstation 2 with the remarkable soundtrack ... no one would would be playing anything else . . That is a sure bet !
 I rented Shadow MAn 2 when it first came out . I have never played the first Shadow Man so I have nothing to compare it to , but the game Kicks Ass !! It 's been 2 years and I finally got myself a copy . I am replaying the game with my boyfriend . The storyline is great , and the graphics are awsome.A +
 I generally do long reviews , but I 'm taking the short road here . I picked this game up at a -LRB- local store -RRB- because they were selling it reasonable and never expected to actually enjoy it . Coming straight from recent hits , Final Fantasy X , Metal Gear Solid 2
 I 'll be honest , I have n't messed around too much with the whole `` action-horror '' genre that seems to be turning into a major hit for developers as of late , but Shadowman 2 is pretty darn cool.The game has a spooky feel that pervades the entire playing experience . How fitting that the backdrop in the `` living world '' are the swamps and plantations of Louisiana . Oh , and the sound is on point as well -- good job.One of my biggest pet peeves as far as games are concerned are the controls . Shadowman 2 has this area in check as well . After a few minutes I was moving the character around with ease.All in all , this game seems worth the standard PS2 pricetag of 50 bucks ... lots of depth , good puzzles , story , controls and graphics . I 'd pick this one up if I had the loot .
 if you 've ever played shadowman and won you 'll love this game , incredible product , incredible price , incredible shipping , could n't ask for more thank you amazon !!
 This is a fun game that deserves at least a rental from anyone who likes rally games , as long as you have the patience to learn the sensitive controls . There are 10 stages , each broken into 4 races . Race through several countries and terrains . Pick from 4x4 's , motocross bikes , dune buggies and atv 's . Gameplay
 hey , if you are an avid rally fan , do not buy this game !! this is one of the WORST rally games I have ever played in my life.every aspect of this game is sub-par . if I were you i would save my coin for an at least half way decent game -LRB- i.e. wrc -RRB- I hope this helps you rally fans save a chunk of change.thank you for your time
 Far out rally game . I have to say that this is a must-have for any long distance rallying fan . Correction , for every rallying enthusiast . If you like watching the real Paris-Dakar Rally on SPEED Channel or if you 've ever wanted to what this kind of rally racing is all about , then either rent or buy this game . Either way , you wo n't be disapointed at all .
 I bought this game mainly because I ride a dualsport motorcycle featured in the game and because I am a big fan of the race.I really enjoyed this game , it has cool grafics and great control , but the music sucks , if you can over look that , its pretty nice .
 If you enjoyed Sega Rally you 'll enjoy this game even more . The graphics are as good or even better than Sega Rally and the sound is astonishing . And the replay value is another good thing about this game . This is a game for the whole family to enjoy .
 This game is simply awesome ! It 's fully realistic in every aspect of the actual rally and well worth the buy .
 I 've always wondered why anyone had yet to make a game version of the Dakar , but then again I 'm still looking for a game where you get to climb Everest.I ca n't help but wonder after reading the reviews of this game if the wide variety of opinions do n't say more about race fans than they do about the game.It seems the Americans hate it . But then again , Americans could care less about the Dakar Rally . Heck , they do n't even care about Formula 1 , preferring racing where you can see the cars the whole race even if it means left turns only.The European reviewers loved it ! Then again they are the kinds of fans that would stnad in the freezing rain for hours just to see a WRC car flit by them for 3 seconds ! Maybe the game is orientated toward the endurance race fan , someone who likes the challenge of maintaining course , looking WAY down the road for obstacles , and competing against the clock.Tortoise v. the Hare ? Football v. Soccer ? Checkers v. Chess ? Maybe Americans gamers prefer the wham bam in your face instant gratification gaming.Or maybe it 's just a bad game , even for those familiar with the Dakar.You be the judge .
 Hi . The game is so much fun ! You can try to make it over thedunes and make it up the hills and not get stuck ! If you hit ajump too hard , you will flip ! You might hit a tree or slip downin a HOLE ! Be careful not to get stuck on a ROCK or a tire willfall off ! That is BAD ! LOL You will love it if you watch thereal Paris-Dakar Rally on Speed Channel .
 Videogames must be rated against genre , not against the sum of videogames as a whole . Last Blade 2 excels in deep 2D-fighter gameplay , thematic atmosphere , and unique execution . There is no doubt that to the casual observer it resembles an SNES game , and if Dreamcast-caliber , fully-optimized 3D graphics are a must , you shouldt pass on this game . Pretty simple . But do n't pass on it as `` just another fighting game '' . That would be a mistake.Last Blade 2 is a refreshing break from the very-popular 2D Street Fighter games -LRB- two of which I own -RRB- , featuring sword and other weapons mixed with a more deliberate and strategic pacing . Instead of 6 buttons , there are 3 attack buttons -LRB- 1 kick and 2 slash/punch -RRB- and a Repel button . Yet within this control system is as much or even MORE depth than the 6-button fighters . Add in 3 pleasantly unique `` styles '' to choose for each of the 16 + characters -LRB- `` Power '' , `` Speed '' , `` EX '' -RRB- and this is a great fighting -LRB- and slashing ! -RRB- game.Better yet , if like me many of your friends ca n't handle much more than arcade racers and Ms. Pac-Man , there is a nice single-player Story mode here , with individual endings for every character . You can even call up finished pre/mid/ending story panels in the `` Demo Viewer '' option.The game is also chock full of `` personality '' , which I 'm discovering is an SNK strongsuit . Almost every move elicits a groan , grunt , boast , or other exclamation . That definitely could not have been done on SNES , nor on Playstation -LRB- very clear soundsamples on the DC thanks to ample memory -RRB- . Last Blade 2 deserves every bit of 5 stars for fighting fans . Casual gamers in general probably wo n't care for it , as these are often driven by `` eye-candy '' . Each to his/her own , and Last Blade 2 for some.Enjoy .
 I say this as an honest warning
 I do n't care what anyone else says , this game is great ! The graphics are not the best but so what , there not that bad . There isa good storyline and a lot of realistic elements . If you want a simple punch kick kind of game I wouldnt suggest this . Ittakes some time to master the different sword movements and counters . but once you get used to doing the moves it gets to be really fun . If you like samurai this is what I recomend you buy . There are plenty of cheats and extras to get so you wont get bored very fast . So buy this great game !
 I was n't necessarily a fan of SNK 's fighting games . I was not used to their lack of fluidity in their gameplay -LRB- Fatal Fury 2 for example -RRB- . In the late '90s , SNK had progressed in their fighting games like the King of Fighters series , the Samurai Showdown series , and the new Fatal Fury series . Now SNK has brought in four of their 2D fighters to the Dreamcast to probably , boost their popularity to a new level . Now that the Dreamcast is about to die , SNK decides to shut down as well -LRB- but not because of the DC -RRB- . Now they released two of their last SNK fighters . Last Blade 2 and Fatal Fury
 One of the most challenging games for the sega dreamcast is by far the most gruelling quest to master both the characters and styles of game play it has to offer . With diffrent game modes and tons of variations for every fighter each with a unique style to master you wont belive the fun this game has to offer .
 The Dreamcast certainly has better fighting games than this , but that does n't mean this game is n't good.If you have played all the King of Fighters games and Fatal Fury to death , this game is a good change of pace . It is a little bit slower and methodical than most 2d fighters . The super moves are not complex at all , but picking when to do them is the challenge , not `` how '' to do them.The only real gripe I have about this fighter would be how people either love it or hate it . I can never find someone who would rather play this with me than any of the other Dreamcast fighting games.If you are looking for a change of pace from other SNK games or just want to see some new characters with different moves to learn , pick this up it wo n't dissappoint .
 Lots of good tracks and different remote controlled cars to choose from . The graphics were good , the sound was OK , and the playability was good . It does take a while for you to master the control of the various cars . Overall , it 's pretty fun .
 I liked this game , there are several tracks to race on & each one seems to get a little harder . Cool game realy , it is designed as if you are controlling an RC Car . My only negative is that you do not have the view as if you were actually in the car , but then again with RC , I guess you are not supposed to . Fun game really , kids will enjoy it as will adults .
 With 2 Dozen tracks and a dozen cars this is an excellent racing game . There are many awesome stunts you can learn and some are not so easy . The Graphics are not as bad as everyone says and the cars look great . The gameplay is great making it a tough and challenging game . I recommend this to someone looking for something a little more challenging . It will get frustrating if you are n't patient !
 I have about 15 games for the ps2 -LRB- for ex
 If You 're a Mech Fan / Armored Core Fan this the game for you.I have n't played this game but it has the best graphics I 've seen . Like I 've said before if you 're a Mech Fan this is the perfect game for you .
 This game is amazing ! I 've only played it for a few hours and I 'm addicted ! There 's seemingly no end to the missions and the weaponry ! There must be hundreds of customizeble parts , each one different and useful in it 's own way ! Gattling guns to take care of multiple or quick targets , Giant rifles to take care of slow , tough ones , and big missles just for fun ! Coupled with great graphics and 4 multiplayer modes , this game has thousands upon thousands of possibilities ! Armored Core 2
 Mech combat . We 've seen it in Japanese Anime , and the fact that the US military now has bids out for bipedal armor , it 's growing in interest . Since I was a little kid playing with transformers and watching Robotech on Sunday morning catoons , I 've been in love with the idea . Started playing Mech Warrior as a board game . Customizing mechs to pit them up in missions with friends back in grade school ... going out and buying little lead figures and painting them in color schemes to make them look battle fatigued ... then when I bought my fist PC and picking up Mech Warrior . It was the first time I could conceive of the concept of piloting a child hood dream . Talk about slow turning , try that game ... Then I bought my Playstation , always wondering if they would come up with something for the game platforms . Visiting Six Flags Great America , I found Virtual On by Sega . Again I fell in love . I went to my local game store and they introduced me to something 100 times better ... Armored Core . And if you know this history , you 'll acknowledge of the trip that we took . Armored Core
 Armored core 2 : Another age , Said to have over 100 missions -LRB- plan long gaming days , do n't forget the bring sodas and pizzas -RRB- , new parts and weapons -LRB- expect to see your old AC from Armored Core 2 to undergo a new look . If you got a copy of Armored Core 2 -RRB- . A must for the mecha fan -LRB- Well thats what I call them , mecha instead of mech -RRB- . I plan to buy this because I got addicted to the Armored Core series and love Mecha fighting ... P.S. . If you want the human plus abilites , and overweight override , get Armored Core 2 and a code book .
 After playing Armored Core 2 constantly for months , I found out about the second game in the series for PS2 . Armored Core 2
 This is going to be a great expansion game with 100 New Missions and Powerful New Weapons to build up your AC !!!! Armored Core 2 is lots of fun to play -LRB- I got the game over 2 months ago and still play it daily -RRB- . Armored Core 2 lets you build your AC the way you want limited by the money you earned and weight rating of your AC . You can fight the AI ACs in the arena , go on missions and best of all go head-to-head in the split screen 2-player death matches . If you enjoyed Armored Core 2 then this game will be a MUST BUY !
 Armored core 2 Another age is great but a few warnings first ... there is no arena so for fans of the arena its not going to be easy to tolerate -LRB- but there is a mission similar to an arena -RRB- . I love the game mostly because of the 100 + missions and about 20 more parts than in regular AC2 . Also because of the vs. missions those are fun , 2 players can either compete or join forces to play a mission i think it makes up for no arena . so if your a real AC fan this game is for you but if your not ... start with a lower version like regular AC2 . hope i helped !
 Yeah , the Armored Core 2 series is easily my top pick for Mech simulation on the PS2 . ` Another Age ' really brings it home by adding more missions and expanding the mech 's parts catalog.Also , the soundtrack to Armored Core 2
 I 've playeed the others not this but there very good so if this is anything like them its a 5 star game !
 Playing this game for the missions , while quite fun , misses the entire point . This game is all about fighting your friends . When you get through all the missions and have all the money to build whatever you want , then the game begins . Find one friend who loves this game and then design mech after mech and fight on map after map . Somehow it just never gets boring . Find more friends and run tournaments ...
 When you see this game and it says Another Age , that means they are in a different time , but only by a few months . Technollogical advances are still not advancing . Now that we got that out of the way , let us be optomists . This game rocks . No doubta bout it ! But , it is practically the same as the old Armored Core 2 , but with new missions and a few good , new , fresh outta box weaponry ready to kill anything that gets within 800 ft. If you do n't have Armored Core 2 , then buy this . If you do have Armored Core 2 and enjoy all the missions and muyltiplayers and all that neat stuff , then this game is worth getting . If you have no idea what Armored Core is , then proceed to the nearest wall and make a dent in it withg your head , then buy the game , and play it .
 If you have played any of the other armored core games you will love this game . The graphics are awsome and the game play is fun . The only downside is the lack of an arena .
 Amored core two is by far the best game i ever had one downside to the sequal not enough NEW parts ! the other some levels are two hard to beat . if u dont have the first ps2 armored core 2 then definately buy it -LRB- u dont have to worry about new parts -RRB- . it will be very hard at first but you get used to it also there is no arena battles which stinks although ihadsome downsides But the plot is greatand it is the most fun youll ever have playing a video game !!!!! O yeah and yes there is two player missions !
 Yea , I have GT3 , GTA3 , and even the mighty DMC . But while GT3 has depth it 's not a lot of fun . GTA3 is fun but repetative . DMC is close , but does n't have the length . This game has it ALL . It 's exciting , diverse , and very long with plenty of replay value . I beat the first AC2 and was able to start with all the weapons from the 1st title so this was even more fun ! The soundtrack though fairly bland really helps create a futuristic atmosphere and the graphics are also refined , even allowing for use of the elusive analog stick -LRB- finally ! -RRB- . A breif example of this games greatness
 If you dont like games that have a laerning curve of more than an hour , and dont use the newest control system , its your problem . Also , Armored Core 2
 First of all , this is Armored Core 2
 this game is really good . the graphics ae much better than the first armored core . and there are better weapons . if you are a armored core fan than this is the best ever . at least until amored core 3 comes out in september 2002 .
 My son -LRB- age 12 -RRB- has all the Gundam games , several models , and all the Armored Core games ! Everytime he gets a new game he drags all the old ones out too.He sells off games he seldom plays anymore , but gives me a look of pure horror if I even mention selling off one of the Gundam or Armored Core ones ! I sometimes say it just to see his reaction!Anyhow , this one is A MUST for anyone who loves robots ! A great incentive to do his school work timely and well . This game wo n't sit on the shelf ! Able to be played and replayed .
 I had the `` Armored Core 2 '' game for a long time and even after finishing the game I kept on playing . I got alot of money and bought everything I could . I thought it was useless but then I found out about the expansion and heard that you could load your old AC . I thought it was great and I could keep feeding my Armored Core hunger for destruction . It 's the same Armored Core we 've come to know and love but with tougher missions and harder decisions . This game is definitely the best I 've ever played in my life !
 This game is the best yet becousefirst of all its best for all ages becouse their is no cursing wich makes it good for the younger kids.But theirs plenty of action packed level for older people . and an awsome muti player system
 I own 4 of the 8 Armored Core games . I have beaten 5 of them , and I have played 7 of them . Out of all of them , this one is still my favorite . Although this was not the first Armored Core I played , it was the one that got me hooked on the series . In my opinion , this one has the best combination of features , parts and missions out of the entire AC series . If you are into the action of the game , or if you have n't played any of them , but are considering getting into it , get this game first . Because while the other games may have more integral parts of the story , and a large insider following , this is the game that outsiders tend to find the most appealing . And once you get into it , you 'll want to play the rest of the series too.This game is challenging , but has a forgiving learning curve as well as an extremely high replay value . I beat this game years ago and I still play it from time to time .
 In Armored Core 2 , the newest addition to the Armored Core series , you go head-to-head in relentless battles using an endless combination of parts . You can select from the collection of parts and armaments to customize your machine . Choose equipment from 14 different categories to make your own personal weapon of destruction . * Customize your own Armored Core . * Use 3 new parts functions
 Ok lets get right down to it , first and foremost , this game is awesome . I 'll admit I do n't technically own it -LRB- yet -RRB- but I have rented it and played it at friend 's houses many times over . This game has fantastic graphics . Yeh , Ok maybe there are other games that show the full capabilities of the PS2 graphic wise -LRB- ie : MGS2 , GT3 , ect ... -RRB- but this game encompasses a completely new style of gaming . I personally like games that you do n't go around and just shoot the crap out of people -LRB- or giant robots , whatever -RRB- , yes their fun and all but its pointless , its just mindless violence . This game on the other hand gives a sense of extreme strategy to it . The fact that you go around and shoot the other mecha -LRB- as I call them -RRB- is fun but you cant just run in and shoot everyone to pieces -LRB- or beam saber them -RRB- . If you do that in the later levels , you will die almost instantaneously . You use strategy to kill the harder opponents and not by being headstrong . Also to beat some levels you 'll have to add and subtract certain parts from your mecha . An example
 This game is pretty much a follow up of armored core 2 where ith has only missions -LRB- no arena to bad I loved it -RRB- . However you start of being able to buy every type of secrete part in armored core 2 -LRB- including the KARASARA MK2 -RRB- and some other patrs that you can fin or earn in the missions . One cool thing is that you can load up old armored core 2 dat to this game so youo can beet all the missions with your favorite ac ! One stupid thing is that you can do a mission like attack the island base and then do defend the island base right after each other . One grat thing is that -LRB- caution spoiler -RRB- onece you get to start the `` lost field missions you can make overweight ACs ! Also it brings bak some old memories when you fight people like stinger -LRB- project phantasama -RRB- , stinger fussed with phantsama -LRB- project phantasma -RRB- and a `` super '' -LRB- and I MEAN IT -RRB- Ultimate nine ball . -LRB- master of the arena -RRB-
 I love this game it is funny and has a lot of action . If someone wants a real cool , fun and funny game this is it .
 Alright , I 've been searching for a good Mecha-Combat game since Heavy Gear for my PC , and trust me this baby takes the cake . Graphically it 's awsome , maybe not quite as sharp as other PS2 games , but they definetly are quite a sight . The sound/music is alright , it ai n't much to write home about . The controls are somewhat a bit hard to get down , turning your Mech can be a real annoyance , and keeping a target lock when using ur boosters can be a pain . Yet these little hindraces are minor when you get into the true core -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of the game . Designing your MEch is one of the ebst i 've seen since HEavy Gear -LRB- God forbid you could n't do -LSB- this -RSB- in the Mech Warriors -RRB- . Unlike msot toher games you have a great deal of weapons already , that you can purchase on your first mission , however it costs money . Now after every mission you get money , but damage and ammuniation and ... deduct , so you really neeed to design something efficient that will save you money . But it 's wort hit , there are so many parts and enhancements and weapons , it 's kewl to just buy a few , and test em out.Another great feature is the versus mssions , however this is also where I 've found the msot flaws . First on on supposed co-op missions u can actually lock on to your buddy , which -LSB- is hard -RSB- because when ur fire off 10 rockets and you accidentally had the lock on your friend things tend to get complicated . Also when you first start palying you dont start w / money , nor a shop so u and ur partner are stuck with the most basic model until you beat some missions , and save em . All in all it 's certainly one of the best Mech Games I 've played in ages , and I probably wo n't get tired for a couple a onthes , esspicially with the versus modes . If you like mechs , and u like building em even more I would reccomend this game . ...
 This game has fantastic Graphics plus superior gameplay . The plot is simple you have a huge 100 foot tall robot and destroy all kinds of evemy robots . It has 100 missions and yes some are long . I do n't know how they fit it all on one disc . There are also two player battle modes to play with your friends . You can shoot , fly , and destroy everything in your path . Problems this game does n't have a solid plot or a moral goal . Some problems with the game are that it is way to easy to overwiegh your AC . But it still has 100 missions of adventure and blowing stuff up .
 I bought this game and it is amazing . There is over 100 missions . It has really good graphics . In game spot it has a rating of 8.3 which is great . I suggest you buy this game ande all the other Armored Core games , they are amazing !
 Ok well when i first got this game I was not into mechs and stuff like that and when I played it I did n't even read the book . I played for about 5 minutes and then gave up but then I read the book and finished a few missions and made a pretty good mech for myself . Then my brother who is the same age as me saw my mech and began to play . We each have four different mechs and try to beat each other in the vs. mode . So this game is a good game to play with people who live right next door or in your house . My favorit thing though has to be the over boost but the reason I gave it a four was because the vs. maps ar n't all that great . I like big spaces with lots of stuff in the way and my fav map is the destroyed city . any way its an all right game when playing by yourse ; f but its better when you play with someone .
 I was going to sleep over at a friend 's . He and I were renting a game . We were searching PS2 because he has one -LRB- And I do n't -RRB- . I came arcoss this game and showed it to him . He said , `` You just picked out the coolest game in town '' . So we played it and played it until 11:30 p.m. I tell you it was the best game ever . The graphics were excellent and it has new weapons . It is much better than the other Armored Core games.It 's hard to believe it is rated T . There is NO BLOOD , NO LANGUAGE and the violence is n't that intense -LRB- I take that back -RRB- . The only thing I did n't like is that the robots get overweight toooo fast.Well , that rap 's it up . It 's a GREAT game . Wether you rent it or buy it , you wo n't regret it !
 This is undoubtedly THE best game for the playstation 2 to date . It has good graphics and the missions are fun , but what really makes this game great is the customization . From the weapons to the legs to the marks on your suit , everything can be changed . In fact , there is more than one billion combinations for suits in this game -LRB- it might seem high , but I checked -RRB- And , as if one hundred missions were not enough , you also get a arena mode , where you can fight your robot to the very top of the list . That could be a whole seprate game ! With all this , you can see why I gave it five stars .
 Armored Core 2 is one of the top mecha -LRB- well that 's what I call them -RRB- games I 've have . I also have Armored Core
 THIS GAME IS SO COOL !!! blowing things up and getting payed while you do it . it 's hard but i am a master with a near invincible AC . highly recommended .
 This game is better than the armed core 3 special edition i garentee you 'll love it once you get the hang of it it is loaded with tons of missions and you can customizes your own raven right down to the radiator this game should be for everyone and if you are playing vice city you might want to stop by a store and pick up this game .
 This game is definitly the best Armored Core game yet and i ca n't wait for 3 to come out . Advanced customization of your Core made the game much more technical . Two player vs. or cooperative let you hone your skills . Over 30 levels and 100 's of weapons , armor , gadgets , and heads . This game is well worth the cost .
 This follow-up to -LRB- obviously -RRB- AC is fargin ' beautiful to look at . It 's difficult at times . I even have an official Strategey Guide , but , even as an experienced AC player , have yet to finish it . Quite a challenge!Vast combo 's of mechs is certainly a plus , so no boredom as far as variety goes.Get it and prepare for a serious challenge !
 This game is one of the easiest armored cores.I even beat the game.This game is so cool when u beat the game u have so much money u can buy a whole lo of -LSB- freakin -RSB- parts.when u beat the game u can get parts from doing missions which equals powerful machines.i did n`t have 2 use the f*ck in strategy guide !! Thats how good i am with the game . this game takes some time but its worth it ! The coolest thing about it is that on two player mode u can try your own made guy on your freinds while they use those pitiful original guys ! This game is one of the best armored cores !! ALSO THEY ARE COMING OUT WITH AREMORED CORE 3 !!! If u need help on this game email me at - Zeeks0083@hotmail.com
 Ok lets get right down to it , first and foremost , this game is awesome . I 'll admit I do n't technically own it -LRB- yet -RRB- but I have rented it and played it at friend 's houses many times over . This game has fantastic graphics . Yeh , Ok maybe there are other games that show the full capabilities of the PS2 graphic wise -LRB- ie : MGS2 , GT3 , ect ... -RRB- but this game encompasses a completely new style of gaming . I personally like games that you do n't go around and just shoot the crap out of people -LRB- or giant robots , whatever -RRB- , yes their fun and all but its pointless , its just mindless violence . This game on the other hand gives a sense of extreme strategy to it . The fact that you go around and shoot the other mecha -LRB- as I call them -RRB- is fun but you cant just run in and shoot everyone to pieces -LRB- or beam saber them -RRB- . If you do that in the later levels , you will die almost instantaneously . You use strategy to kill the harder opponents and not by being headstrong . Also to beat some levels you 'll have to add and subtract certain parts from your mecha . An example
 Ok this game might not be as popular as FIFA 2004 but it is actually better as it has more of the players actual faces added on the game like Bixente Lizarazu , Marcus Allback , Deco , Pauleta , David James and C.Ronaldo -LRB- some dont appear on the profile but they do during a game -RRB- , there are less glitches/bugs in this game , has slightly better gameplay and some of the underated players got slightly higher ratings than in FIFA 2004 , the Minus track is very good and there are free Euro 2004 stickers with this game :-RRB- -LRB- The free stickers were very good as i got some rares like Nesta -RRB- . The only downfall about this game is the Holland team is very -LSB- edited -RSB- up as it dosent include the names and some of the faces of the players , I found this very unfair indeed as I saw another international football game in the gamestore with the official names of the Holland squad . But even so overall id still say this is a better game than Fifa 2004
 Consider this game an expansion pack with some minor tweaking . You get the tournament , which is nice , but you also get a slightly enhanced soccer experience . The player animations seem to be slightly better and there are more animations . After only playing a few times , I swear the speed is a bit faster than FIFA 2004 . The box notes different weather conditions , although I still have not seen rain , which was missing from FIFA . Anyway , the game is very good and if you are a soccer -LRB- football -RRB- nut , you should get it .
 I got this game yesterday , my only problem is that I payed full price for what is basically an expansion of Fifa 2004 . There are some fine tuning present tho , some new dribbles and a nice lofted through ball ... why wasnt this included in the original 2004 is a mystery to me . It is a great game and the replayability is huge although another drawback is that this game offers no in game dolby digital and the Netherlands team has no names or faces , apparently EA sports and Holland dont see eye to eye in terms of licensing agreements . The biggest change is the shooting mechanism , in fifa 2004 i could score from 40 yards out no prob , in Euro , you have to get your shot set and scoring is a lot more difficult , making it all the more real.Frankly some matches are quite boring with few scoring opportunities ... kinda like real international matches , so i 'd say Euro is a step up in terms of realism . Overall , Id buy it because Im a big football fan and Ive been buying the FIFA series since '96 , but a casual fan might be disappointed .
 For all those of you like myself who are sick of driving games , sports games or 1st player shooters where you have to duel it out with some sort of futuristic E.T. your prayers have been answered at last . Panzer Front delivers ! This game contains almost forty WW2 tank types , some are variants such as the Sherman M4 and it 's upgraded relative the M4A1 . You will find American , German , Russian and British tanks in this game , the Firefly -LRB- a gunned up version of the Sherman is listed as British -RRB- there is also a section with 6 futuristic tanks , at least one of those -LRB- in this game called the Short Bull which had four treads -RRB- inspired on real plans . There are many different senarios to play , in each of them you have the ability to play the sides as it happened back in the day or you can pick your steed from the large selection . The controls are complex but there is a beginner mode . If you decide to play the more complex levels you will be forced to learn the gearbox , correct ammo selection -LRB- HEAT , HE , Smoke , machine gun and a couple others -RRB- and many other features . Outside of the beginner mode this is not an easy game to sit down and be succesful at in a hurry , there is a tutorial option that lectures you on tactics and equipment . Some of the more famous WW2 tank engagements can be played which I really loved . I have only two complaints , when setting the sound the button labled Audio controls the music and the button labled Music controls the audio , and after your tank is knocked out the senario is over , I wish command would just switch to the next friendly tank . You are able to select sound effects , over 60 settings of clinking treads , shell-casings being ejected and cannon reports . You can call in arty fire missions wihich are super acurate and super destructive , you can assign some tanks to attack or defend but some of your tanks are controlled by the computer . I played the Americans attacking the Ludendorf Railway bridge at Remagen , my little M4A1s did well until the big German Anti-Tank guns -LRB- some are the deadly Flak 88 , others are the little PAK 37 -RRB- found their range . The baddest real tank is the Hunting Tiger , it has a gun over 120mm , big even by today 's standards . The game does a good job of illustrating the strengths and weakness 's of each tank , the super heavies -LRB- like the King Tiger -RRB- have great protection but are pretty slow , American M4s and Russian T-34s are much faster . The optics on the German Tanks are better . There is supporting and enemy infantry , machine gun will take them out but an armour peircing shell will do next to nothing , like I said , pretty realistic . The big question ... is this game worth -LSB- the money -RSB- , well only you can answer that , it sure was for me . If you like realistic war games buy it at once , no need to rent it , this game is a winner . I have Battletanx and this game is light years way more advanced than that . A previous reviewer said that this game was more like a computer game , that 's a big 10-4 , he is right on target . I played the Panther G in the famous Barkman 's Corner senario vs the M4s in Normandy , the Shermans did n't get me -LRB- when they did the thick armour saved me -RRB- but the allied air power did , watch out . I tailor made one senario in which I took on over 25 Josef Stalin and T-34 tanks with one Tiger1 , a Tiger2 , a PantherA and a Stug Assualt gun over rough terrain with my tanks using buildings for cover , you can do stuff like that with this game , by WW2 standards it would have been a draw , the high velocity 88s were picking off the commies at distances of up to 6,270 ft -LRB- my personal best -RRB- but when the surviving Russians got into lethal gun range -LRB- which do n't take long because T-34s move quick -RRB- I got a bloody nose before they retired and left me the field . Great game , THANKS Tommo !
 If you are into strategic , military vehicle combat games . And you love realism touched with a flair for dramatics.Buy this game . This has quickly become one of my favorite PS games . I 'd rank it right up there with Medal of Honor.There are a variety of tanks to choose from , -LRB- US , German , and Russian -RRB- that basically set the level of difficulty for thegame . You want to stiffen up the challenge ? Give your enemy stronger tanks!And for all of you that have the game and are having difficulty getting past certain levels , here 's some advice : Remember , your tank is the main brain . If you die , game over . So follow behind your other tanks , giving orders and supplyingcover with smoke.And if need be step up and take a few out yourself.But again , buy this game !
 Great tank game . You get to pick either being a Tank Commander from the German , Russian or American side . You will soon learn the ins and outs of driving a tank and fighting with tanks . You will learn , from playing the game itself , the merits and flaws of each tank . How fast do they move ? How powerful is their guns ? How fast can you spin the turret ? How much punishment can they take?Don ' t get too cocky and try NOT to panic . While light tanks might seem easy to kill , they 're not . They move fast and can aim even faster . While heavy tanks might seem slow , they carry the big guns and can take hit after hit . Pick the tank that best fits how you like to fight and go do it ! Remember , luck is also a factor . A well placed shot can turn a tank into a burning pile of twisted metal.Make sure YOU fire that shot !
 This game is an incredibly realistic WWII simulation complete with arcing tracer bullets flying at you from bunkers , nighttime battlefields eerily lit up by flares , very realistic physics ... I could go on and on . The fact that the creators chose to keep this game realistic with so many of the well known and many more lesser known WWII era and beyond armored vehicles ... just blew my mind once I really started playing this . I still ca n't believe this is a playstation game . The other review put it really well when he described it as like being in Saving Private Ryan ... I could n't put it better . A war simulator that treats you like an adult . Bravo ! Bring on the sequel
 Twisted Metal ? HA ! Battletanks ? OH PUH-LEEZE ! This is NOT just a game . This is a SERIOUS simulation ! I have never played a game that has drawn me in , made me so tense . Defending a French village from a massive German counterattack , watching the panzergrenadiers rush thru the haze of battle , the Pzkw mkV Panthers moving toward my position , I felt as if I was there.It is like being in `` Saving Private Ryan '' . This game cuts no corners and gives no quarter . It is a fantastic game with outstanding AI , great graphics and sound . It has over 40 tanks , 2 of them modern , 5 of them ` experimental ' . Each one with it 's own characteristics , different handling , different weapons , different armor . This will go down as ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE ! I had vowed not to get a PS2 , but if they come out with a PS2 version of this game , I will buy both immediately !
 My brother bought this game first and after playing it for five minutes i had to have it.How underpowered was the US Sherman tank?Play the true story of Barkmans corner where a single German panther took on a whole division of shermans.Almost all of the battles are true stories along with each individual characteristics of armor , fire power , speed , etc. . No other tank/combat game comes close.Once you learn the controls you will play for hours !
 I ca n't expand on the other reviews here . We bought this for the boys for Christmas . They are 11 , 16 and the big kid is 46 . We all love this game . Details are wonderful , it is NOT easy , so you do n't lose interest . The excitement when one of us wins an engagement is something I 've not seen with most other games . Too bad the youngsters ca n't get dad off the machine now ! As another reviwer wrote
 This review is about the only proper war/simulator game for the ps2/dreamcast system , the Pz front series -LRB- Panzer Front , Pz Front Bis , Pz Front AusF -RRB- . Unfortunately Bis and AusF are not playable on US ps2 console systems but can still be played if you get an Asian PS2 console -LRB- which is worth getting for the massive library of bizarre and quirky Japanese games -RRB- . I will talk about the PZF series in general here . PZF is The most realistic Armour Simulation for a console ever to date . Practically a virtual world.Massive maps that take an incredibly long time to drive through , -LRB- with no action-adding to realism -RRB- and quick and sudden destruction.The game is n't really about winning or progressing but simply to see how long you can survive -LRB- and what losses you can inflict -RRB- before you yourself are a burnt wreck in a 1930s-40s riveted mobile coffin.This game gives you a taste of the fear of the limited sights and abilities of an armored vehicle.Quick side note : The AusF Version features plenty of Italian Armour -LRB- an army that made up the bulk of the axis yet is so often ignored in the N Africa theater -RRB- , it could be called `` M13/40 Front '' - Brilliant.Also if playing pzf part 1 - please try the Dreamcast version if you can , the graphics are much superior the limited abilities of the Ps1.I highly recommend this game series for history and simulation buffs.Traverse ! 180 degrees now !
 Panzer Front is one very few games that seem to make maximum use of the PS1 capabilites . Excellent physics that do a great job of simulating proper ballistics and armor defense . The tanks are mostly historical and the campaign missions take 30 minutes to 2 + hours each . Some are very difficult even with repeated play . Control interface is excellent . Fun to drive the tanks on a variety of realistic terrain . Maps are big , plenty of room to manuever . Battles can be handicapped by substituting tanks . Many of the battles offer a combined-arms approach , with infantry , artillary and armor all working together to win . Easily the best tactical game I 've seen for PS1 .
 When I ordered this game , I was prepared to be disappointed . But instead I found myself with one the the most innovative and exciting games I 've played since Medal of Honor . When I encountered waves upon waves of Russian T34s swarming toward my Tiger , I was both horrified and elated . Once you get the slightly complicated controls figured out this game will give you hours and hours of thrilling battles . It 's almost as exciting as an Extreme Championship Wrestling DVD !! If you like simulated combat and warfare BUY THIS GAME NOW !!
 In a small village near Bastogne a handful of 75mm Sherman tanks and two 76mm motor carriage took up positions . Farther up north a mixture of Panzers and Panthers marched down to destroy the meager defenses . In the blinding snow the battle was joined . On the eastern road leading south three Panzers charged towards the defending Shermans . The American 75s opened up at 1000 yards . The shells exploded around the German armor . The Panzers retaliated , one shell nearly hitting a Sherman , instead streaking past its turret and slamming into a farmhouse . Brick and dust kicked up . The Americans answered back . Two shells hit their mark . One deflected in a spray of sparks . The other penetrated the lead Panzer . Smoke and flame mushroomed from the burning vehicle . From across the river the thunderous sound of battle filled the ears of the tank crews . Defending a bridge , on either side of the river were two Shermans . Farther down stream the two motor carriages lay in wait . From out of the trees a platoon of German troops emerged . The lead Motor carriage opened with its machine gun . Fast and accurate fire mowed down the enemy troops and those who survived retreated back into the wooded refuge . The fire was spotted by an assault gun , which headed to the source . At the top of the hill it found the American . Before it could take action the defender opened up . The lighting fast shell punched into the side of the German and it erupted into a torrent of flame . Up stream , past the forest , things were going badly . Four assault guns were advancing towards the Shermans and though one German had been destroyed , the barrage was so intense that the Americans were forced to retreat . As one Sherman fell back across the bridge a shell ripped into its front hull . The other was quickly dispatched as well . The three assault guns moved triumphantly approached the bridge and the two burning Shermans . Suddenly , the two motor carriages ambushed from behind . They dispatched two Germans . The third maneuvered to get its gun to bare on the attackers , but it suffered the same fate as its comrade . Three Panthers were now spotted heading down the eastern road . The high velocity 75mm main gun of the lead Panther knocked out one of the defending Shermans . The two motor carriages moved in to flank the German column from the left . Meanwhile , the village &#65533; s defenses were collapsing . A tense moment . Panzer Front is full of stories like these . One even more incredible happening occurred while I began writing . In the same mission my brother -LRB- in a motor carriage -RRB- knocked out fourteen German tanks , then having a showdown with three Panthers in the town itself . Against all odds he won . Panzer Front is an amazing game . Maybe the best I have played on the Playstation . The graphics are good -LRB- though I &#65533; ve been spoiled by the PS2 -RRB- , each vehicle is fatefully rendered . The sound puts you in the mist of combat with echoing booms and clangs from ricochets . The physics are true to life . You will see that penetrating the armor of a Tiger or Panther at long or medium range with a 76mm is improbable . But Allied tanks -LRB- with the exception of the heavy tanks -RRB- can &#65533; t stand up to fire nearly as well . You will also find yourself immersed in the world of tank combat . You &#65533; ll cheer as an enemy tank explodes , feel tense as tigers bear down upon you , and get panicky when engaged in a quick-draw contest . It &#65533; s an incredible experience that is probably the closest to WW2 tank warfare you can get . There are a few omissions though . First , you can fight in a Sherman , Panzer , Panther , Tiger I , Tiger II , or T-34 . Instead there are six lesser-known types . Plus , a 2-player co-op or versus mode would be nice . It doesn &#65533; t detract from the final score , but it would be great for these features to appear in sequel -LRB- PS2 please ? -RRB- . Panzer Front is well worth the price . Buy it and begin hammering away at Jerry -LRB- or the Ruskies or the Americana -RRB- !
 This game is , hands down , one of the most engrossing and addictive games I have ever played . The `` just one more game '' factor is extremely high . Do not be surprised if you 're perfect attendance record for work/school is lost when you get this game . I can only repeat what other reviewers have said , and I will not try to one-up their penmanship.One thing I can note , however , is a hidden co-op mode . With a second controller , two people can control a single tank . Player One can control everything , but is the only person who can operate the turret and fire weapons . Player Two can only operate the tracks -LRB- ie movement -RRB- . However , they are able to switch the view between the other tanks in the formation , allowing for some enhanced tactical awareness.Panzer Front is an amazing game . Any fan of armored warfare , tactical gameplay or historical action will find this game to be a great addition to their gaming library . With the added feature of co-op , this game is almost perfect .
 Even though , it 's close to ten years old , it 's still one of the best tank simulators out there . The graphics are n't the best compared to today 's standards , but the historical accuracy of the maps and tanks is very good.Excellent selection of tanks including : Germanpanzer III -LRB- three versions -RRB- Panzer IVPanther -LRB- A and G -RRB- Tiger I -LRB- Early and Late -RRB- King TigerMarder IIHornisse/NashornHetzerStug III -LRB- E and G -RRB- Jagdpanzer IV -LRB- 48 and 70 -RRB- JagdtigerUSAM5M4 -LRB- regular , 76mm , jumbo -RRB- M10Abrams -LRB- one map -RRB- SovietT34 -LRB- 41,41,85 -RRB- KV-1 -LRB- 41,42 -RRB- su-85IS-2There are more , but I do n't remember all of them .
 Oh My God ! THis is the greatest game ever made . I was an Abrams tank and killed 20 Soviet tanks ! Buy It , Now or a Tiger is gon na put an armour piercing shell through the head .
 I purchased two of these controllers back in the fall of 1997 for $ 35 each new . At the time few people were using USB for games , but it was no problem to daisy chain two of them together via the Gameport connectors on the back of my PC . The software for them is easy to use , though for a short time -LRB- I think in late 1999 -RRB- there was a delay in getting an update for the system to work on Windows 2000 . The software has long since been discontinued , but can still be found online.The software lets you completely configure the buttons -LRB- even if the original games did n't have joystick support -RRB- . You can also create multiple profiles for your games , so that each game has a different setup , plus a generic setup for everything . Sometimes the software bugs out with two controllers connected though , and requires Windows to be restarted and/or the connectors checked before it will recognize the second pad . At least that was my experience ... The controller itself has two analog `` flippers '' a throttle slider , a POV `` hat '' switch -LRB- a tiny one -RRB- , an analog thumb `` stick , '' digital command cross -LRB- movement pad -RRB- , hot switch button -LRB- that can also just substitute as a generic action button -RRB- , six main action buttons , two additional action buttons -LRB- which I like to use as `` start/select '' in console emulated games -RRB- , plus still two more `` flipper '' digital buttons on the bottom . So that 's over 11 buttons for you to use , meaning it will be compatible with most games . About the only games this is n't very good for are First Person Shooters made after about 1995 -LRB- when they started adding `` Free Look '' to the gameplay -RRB- , since you 'd have a cumbersome task moving and aiming at the same time while switching weapons , etc. . For that you 'd want a pad that has dual analog sticks on both sides of the interface , though everyone knows the best way to play such games is with a keyboard and optical mouse , anyhow!After about eight years , one of the plastic joints holding the cord to the base of one of the controllers cracked . I secured it with electrical tape , but eventually it pulled away from the controller , exposing the wires . It still works fine , but I worry about severing the cords accidentally . Additionally I spilled some liquid on one of the analog `` flippers '' and so it `` snaps '' when pressed -LRB- but still registers properly -RRB- , and probably needs to be opened up and cleaned . The other controller seems as good as the day it was purchased . Since I alternate using the controllers -LRB- I bought two for 2 player games -RRB- , I 'd say each one has had about 3.5 years of near continuous use.The analog stick on this is not quite as good as on the Dreamcast controller , but it is still fairly good -LRB- and works the best on `` four-way '' type games or 3d games -RRB- . The ergonomics of the controller are great . My hands do n't get tired even after using these for hours of gaming.I like the way there are lots of buttons , including the familiar `` six button '' layout for fighting games , and all of the buttons are programmable . This is great for `` old school '' gamers like myself who like to use DOSBox and emulators to play old PC , arcade , and console classics . The feel of the controller is reminiscent of the Dreamcast , Playstation and so forth , but with a better feel than all of them.The only downside for modern gamers for this controller is the lack of `` vibration . '' I always thought this was a fairly useless gimmick , but a few games have a little more novelty to them with the feature , so I guess you 'll be missing out on that . However if you 're like me and realize that most games do n't use it , and it 's not that important on a gamepad -LRB- maybe on a steering wheel or flight stick -RRB- , this is n't a big con.I would highly recommend this pad for any old school gamers out there , and if you can track down the proper software , it can play any of your old games , ESPECIALLY if those games did not have a button configuration utility . Just map keystrokes , button presses , to your buttons and you 're set !
 This is a solid game with a few minor flaws . One is the speed . The game 's way to slow , but it 's still fun to play . Another is the story mode . It 's way too redundant and boring . You have points to choose whether to train legs , abs , arms , etc. . But it 's not too rewarding as it 's almost impossible to make a good fighter . But those minor imperfections aside , this is a great game . If you are a fan of the fighting genre , pick this up , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I recommend this product for those fans of the TV game who own OS X.x Macs . The program runs much like the TV version . I am pleased to report my kids really enjoy it , too.Any potential buyer may want to weigh my kids response to yours if you/they have cable TV or `` game systems '' at home and might be considered `` jaded '' . Such people may find this version insufficiently exciting.One minor negative is the sound volume of the wheel `` clicking '' . Lowering the overall volume reduces the vocals disproportionally to the clicking . i.e. vocals too low compared to the wheel .
 This game ca n't be found anywhere in the stores , even Apple does n't have it . It 's a little out dated compared to some of the newer games , but is very addictive .
 Good item.Does the job well.Nice transaction and great seller . Five stars!I would recommend this item to anyone who needs one of these .
 It does not oad on newer Mac OS environmentAS AN ICON . I FORGET HOW I GET IT TO RUN BUT WHEN I CAN ITS FUN
 my cousin brought his dreamcast over a couple of years ago and i rember playing it and now that i have a dreamcast i bought it and yep still as much fun
 I loved this game as a kid and have searched everywhere for it . Ever since video game stores stopped selling dreamcast , n64 and the older systems it is hard to find games or accessories for them . My friend gave me his dreamcast because he did n't use it anymore -LRB- best gift EVER ! -RRB- . After that I knew I had to find Chu Chu Rocket . I love the adorable mice . It is so much fun to build levels . I am still getting stuck on some of the harder levels . Such a great challenge for adults but cute and adorable for kids as well . : -RRB-
 Chu Chu Rocket probably is n't for everyone but it does provide a lot of fun for a gamer who likes puzzle games . The best part is the multiplayer option . Get four people together and you have something to waste hours on . True the graphics are n't anything special , and the puzzles provided on the disc are easy , but the four-player capability makes Chu Chu Rocket a decent , and potentially great game .
 This game is fun . Period . The stage challenge mode is fun , but it is too short , and the puzzle mode is boring . But the 4-player mode rocks ! As long as you have 4 controllers with friends attached to them , this game is massive mulitplayer fun . Solo play is not very good outside of the internet , which has enough lag to keep you from playing . But other than that , I would recommend getting this game !
 While it 's easy to focus on the online capabilities of this game , the other multiplayer and one-player games are great , too . The one-player modes let you get the hang of things , and there are plenty of puzzles to keep you busy for a long time . The multiplayer rocks , too . It 's extremely addicting , and a great addition to any Dreamcast library .
 I myself are n't one of these people who like puzzle games much but I still enjoyed chu chu rocket . It is packed with play ability . The only thing that lets it down is the puzzles do get samey . Many of my friends like it as well . it is a landmark in puzzle history ! some other good points are the fact that you can play it on the internet and it has fun multiplayer . It has only got one downpoint the graphics ar n't very good which like many puzzle games on this and other systems is acceptable .
 Chu chu Rocket is a good game , but once you complete the game it gets boring . The puzzle mode is really hard , but I cleared it . There are other modes like some 4 player ones . Once you complete the puzzle mode , all you get is a new character instead of chu chus . I thought that when you complete the puzzle mode you get another new mode . In puzzle challenge you have 30 seconds to clear the levels , so it 's too hard . But you can create some puzzles that it makes the game better .
 Yes you heard right
 If you 're looking for a graphic powerhouse style game to show off your Dreamcast , this probably is n't the game you want . But if you want a really fun addictive game that will keep you up solving 150 levels -LRB- in the 1 player version -RRB- , this is the one you want . You can even play this game online . Really ! I have n't played another Dreamcast game that actually finds a really good use of the modem built into the system . This one does . Check it out .
 The one-player puzzle mode seems average , but the multiplayer battles are extremely fun and challenging ! Though it takes a bit to get the hang of the game , even nongamers should enjoy the MP mode . This game and Worms Armageddon are two must-have multiplayer games .
 This came out of nowhere . . I picked it up to bring over to a friend 's house , and we got into it REAL fast . We had a ball with this one . It 's one of the best puzzle/stradegy games i 've ever played.The game involves leading mice into your spicific rocket , while competeing with the other players that are trying to direct the mice into * their * rocket . Multiplayer wise , this game leads to a lot of vocal confrontations , and blows can be exchanged . It 's one of the best multiplayer games i 've ever toutched.My only regret is while this is Sega 's `` First Online Game ! '' , the network for it isint exactly `` Top of the line Hardware '' . . Lag is frequent , and depressing . But this is the ultimate party game . You seriously can not be without this if you 're doing multiplayer gaming on a dreamcast , it 's just that fun .
 What can I say ? Wow . I did not expect this title to be as fun and addictive as it turned out to be . Playing with friends is a blast , and going online adds a whole new dimension to Dreamcast gaming . The single player mode is good too . If you do n't pick this up , you are seriously missing out .
 a brain teaser for one-player games and an all out slugfest for 4 . chu chu rocket and bust a move 4 are the main reasons i have n't sold off my dreamcast yet . a word of warning though , your brain will feel like mush after an hour or so of this intensely fast paced rampage . for those of you who worry do to the lack in graphics ... it bothered me only before i started playing ... after that you realize that any more detail would make the game a sensory overload -LRB- which it already is -LRB- in a good way -RRB- -RRB- . get it and have fun !
 This game 's puzzle mode is sub-par and pretty boring . But bring in some friends and begin the no-holds-barred multiplayer mode and BANG ! Instant fun . If you liked Lemmings , you 'll absolutely love Chu Chu Rocket , especially the Two-Player Mission Mode , which is sadly way too short . But the real life of the game is the competitive mode , and it 's one you wo n't want to miss , even if you just have to rent it . This game is fun ... do n't pass it up for anything ! The graphics and sound , however , could have been more without even detracting from the gameplay . Also , the internet mode has enough lag to keep you from really being hooked on it , because it nullifies the quick-decision gameplay .
 This game is simple to describe ... massive puzzle and strategy fun with friends with multiple controllers or via modem . Also great solo . Get it !
 nice game for younger kids . fun to play and interesting enough to keep them busy without being bored . need more like it .
 It 's pretty good . Not great . At least not as great as a lot of the reviewers seem to think . You 'll spend more time trying to figure out what 's going on than you will playing , and the game is so constantly interrupted by mode changes -LRB- everybody switch spots , speed up , slow down , cat mania , etc. -RRB- that you can rarely get into any type of groove with what 's going on . Do n't get me wrong - it 's frantic , fast , and pretty fun , but it 's also often confusing , and some of the level layouts make the gameplay frustrating . The lag times on the on-line version significantly detract from the quick-decision gameplay . If you 're looking for a simple 4-player party game that anybody can pick up and enjoy right away -LRB- without being a game nut -RRB- , get Mario Party or Smash Brothers for N64 . Chu Chu 's a bit too wacked-out , but it 's still better than average .
 Yes , It is true ! Sega has released its VERY FIRST online game ! This game utilizes complete on-line gaming with people from ALL over the world ! This simple , yet VERY addicting game is made by the one and only , Sonic Team ! Sonic Team has brought you titles for the DC such as
 This game is incredibly simple yet dangerously addictive ... Basically it is a game of cat and mouse ; you have a rocket positioned on the game field and you have to lead ` chu chu 's -LRB- mice -RRB- to your rocket by placing arrows for them to follow . If you -LRB- or your opponents -RRB- lead a ` kapu kapu ' -LRB- cat -RRB- into your rocket , you lose a third of all the mice you have collected so far . Whoever has the most mice after three minutes wins . Throw in the fact that some mice trigger special events -LRB- mouse mania , cat mania , speed up , etc. -RRB- and also that you can only place three directional arrows at a time and you have a fantastic , fast-paced puzzle/party game that should be in any self-respecting Dreamcast owner 's selection . The best moments in this game are those panic-stricken moments when you have 10 seconds left and you 're losing by 100 mice . Can you lead that cat to the winning rocket in time and take the lead ? Only one way to find out ... While the game has brilliant puzzle and challege modes that will keep you occupied for a while , the brilliance of the game lies in it 's multiplayer modes . Play with up to four players -LRB- two teams of two or four single players -RRB- on one Dreamcast for ultimate party fun -LRB- and black eyes , if it gets out of hand , and it usually does ! -RRB- or , if you ca n't persuade your friends to join you , play with three other people online . The online play is excellent . Lag is definitely a factor , but you just have to get used to the fact that there is a delay and treat it as a challenge to think ahead . The online menu interface is very simple to use , and it is easy to find and play your friends up in North Dakota or out in Oklahoma . The server lets Japanese and American players play simultaneously , and surprisingly the lag is no different to when all players are local . Sadly , there is now a slew of other online games , which means interest in Chu Chu Rocket -LRB- a pioneer in Dreamcast online gaming -RRB- is waning . There are a loyal group of followers who play online , however , and it is n't too difficult to get a game or two , especially in the evening when the server is at its busiest . During the day the chances of finding someone to play a game is remote , although if you hang around for a few minutes you can usually bump into a lost soul from Tokyo who 's willing to take you on . There is a ranking table for online players , but you 'll have to win over 6000 games if you want to take the # 1 spot!You can still enjoy the multiplayer mode on your own using the computer AI , which is generally very intelligent . You can set the level of difficulty to suit your skill level.The puzzle mode should not be overlooked , as it has some very interesting -LRB- and frustrating ! -RRB- puzzles to complete . And if the many puzzles are n't enough for you -LRB- I 'm at # 79 and still going ! -RRB- then you can make your own . If you think they 're good enough you can upload them onto the Internet for other players to dowload and try , and of course you can download other people 's puzzles.There is also a ` stage challenge ' mode where you have to finish 24 challenges as fast as possible . This is much easier if you persuade a friend to help you . You can upload your times onto the Internet to see how you rank in the world , but do n't expect to see your name near the top unless you 're prepared to spend a lot of time perfecting each challenge.The graphics of the game are quite sufficient . They 're simplistic and colorful ; they are in full 3D , too . Although they are n't exactly pushing the Dreamcast to its limits , they are perfect for the game . One bonus is that the game only uses 3 blocks of your VMU memory card space , so you can use those precious 197 remaining blocks to save those VMU-hungry games in your collection.This game is well worth the money if puzzle/multiplayer games are your thing . If you hate all puzzle games then do n't bother , but if you are looking for a departure from your usual Dreamcast gaming then you will undoubtedly find this an enjoyable game to own . It simply oozes fun all over , something many newer games lack . Go for it , you wo n't be disappointed as long as you do n't expect an earth-shattering gaming experience . If you want a simple , frenetic game to pop into your Dreamcast every now and then and relieve stress , this is a must-have .
 if you like puzzle games then you will definetly like this addictive little gem . at first i had a tough time solving the puzzles and found it somewhat frustrating but once you get ahang of it it 's easy and extremely good and the coolest thing is this is sega 's first online game available now after having it online im finally starting to feel a lot more excited about dreamcast online gaming now all we need are more games with online capabilites half-life , NFL 2K anyone !
 Sonic Team does it again . ChuChu Rocket is an excellent action/puzzle title essential to any party . The 1-player modes -LRB- the free-for-all and two-on-two battles against computer players , the mind-bending Puzzle , and the real-time-cooperative Stage Challenge -RRB- are excellent fun , but the real focus of this game is the chaotic , four-player party mode.Grab three friends , some pizza , hold your calls , and prepare for truly blissful madness . You can arrange teams of two , or have everyone duke it out against each other in the main , free-for-all mode . Either way , it 's truly manaical and fun ; ChuChu Rocket 's insane action classifies it with such elite party games as Bomberman and Puyo Puyo 4 . The Internet mode is great for the lone gamer ; enter the ChuChu lobby , find some opponents , and enter a four-player battle over the Internet . There 's a little bit of lagtime -LRB- usually around two seconds -RRB- , but it 's bearable . The player with the slowest connection is the weak link in the chain , and the server synchronizes everyone with the slow connection to make it fair . -LRB- The only problem is when you occasionally fight someone with a terrible connection out in Wyoming . -RRB- In general , the network mode is not as fun as the normal 4P battles due to the lag and your opponents being in different geographical locations , but still excellent when one 's friends are absent . Additionally , Sega 's upcoming ISP , SegaNet , promises to provide much faster connections that eliminate all noticable lag in ChuChu Rocket . If that 's true , it will make ChuChu 's network mode much better for SegaNet users.The polygonal graphics are as good as any top-notch DC game , the music is catchy and the style is hip and attractive . An inexpensive must-have for party-goers and social misfits alike .
 This game is very easy to learn , the rules are simple . The game play is great ! 1 player , the puzzle mode starts out simple , gets a little more difficult , but in MANIA mode , it is pretty hard ! 2 player , you can play cooperative , and this is n't so challenging . You can also play competitive , and this is just crazy ! 4 player is simply MINDBLOWING . It becomes extremely intense and brings out the most selfish people in all of us -LRB- be prepared -RRB- . Loyalties shift , 3 gang up on 1 , etc. etc. . This is the BEST aspect of the game.a must buy for ANY dreamcast owner !
 you ca n't go wrong with this game for 10 bucks , I would pay full price for it personally , I highly recommend picking up a copy of this game .
 Like I just said , the name REALLY throws people off and makes them think this is a babys game . No baby could handle this.This is a very fun game with incredible Dreamcast graphics . The music makes this more suspensful and more fun . the gameplay is sweet and the puzzles can confuse and frustrate you . Play online or with a couple of friends . -LRB- of course you can play by yourself -RRB- So , if the name is stopping you from buying this game , do n't let it . I did until my brother bought it and now I always want to barrow it.So , do n't be fooled by the name and do n't miss out on this incredible game .
 Okay , we sure werent expecting this as the first online multiplayer game on DC . I 'm sure a lot of people are going to ignore this game simply because it looks a little weird/boring / whatever ... but those people will be making a big mistake . Believe it or not , this game is great fun for multiple players , and a good challenge for one person -LRB- in puzzle mode -RRB- . Go online and face opponents anywhere in other states/countries in 2-4 player battles . This is a small online community of players and its easy to get to know everyone . The game will keep track of your stats and show your ranking too . I 'd recommend this title to fans of action OR puzzle/strategy games . Another classic from Sonic Team !
 how do you play ? i guess im slow at it . i got it for my sister . she seems to love it
 Chu Chu Rocket is a great puzzle game to play with friends or by yourself I personally had a blast playing it with some friends ... Really great game . . To make this short and sweet this is n't THE BEST game but it really is a fantastic game to play with friends or family and is a great Dreamcast Game ... I also recommend Sonic Adventure and Jet Grind Radio which are some really fun games too.This game gets a 4.0 cause I really enjoyed it . It was fun , it did n't try to be hard or easy just pure fun ... Lates . .
 Great product without using a professional cleaning machine.This is not a game product but a cleaning solution . I highly recommend this product for touch up cleaningyour music cd 's , dvd 's , and game cd 's .
 When I first got it , I did n't get the game , but just after a while , this game became more fun , and fun . The graphics might not be the best but the game-play makes up for that . I really did n't care about the music . I love RPG games , although I 'm not really good at it.This game reqires a lot of pantiance , it 's kinda slow . You need good stralagies since you have to control more than one troop.This is not a game for people that like straight action type game like streetfighter , twisted metal etc. ... I stronly recommend this game . Even if your not going to buy it , rent it .
 This is the best installment of the ogre battle series I have seen in a long time as you battle your way through the game comquering new lands you form alliances and and new armies all together this truly is an awsome game !
 orge battle is a great rpg . I would recomened this game for people who like mages , orge , dragons , archers , anything mystical or forgetten about . This is a game about a guy named maximus -LCB- or whatever you change it to -RCB- who has just completed the traing to become an officer . The trainer gives you people to help save the empire . You go around to diffrent places to get expirence and up grade your solidgers to become any where from a black knight to a princess . Buy Sir mo3
 This game is frustrating , with great points and not so great points . What makes the flaws even more glaring is how they contrast to the better aspects of the game . A lot of time has been put into character management in this game , and this is by far the most involved and interesting element Ogre Battle has to offer . Creating and balancing your characters/units is both very complicated and intuitive . The problem arises when you get these great characters into actual combat . First of all , I would like to have direct control over the characters -LRB- like in a standard RPG -RRB- , but putting that aside , I would at least like the units to follow the orders you CAN give them . You could order your entire group to attack the opponent 's leader , and each of your five characters will end up attacking a different opponent . There is also no rhyme or reason to which targets they choose . Example
 This is one of the best games for the N64 . In the beginning you are able to choose what your character will specilize in in the begginning . All in all , the only downer is the acasional use of strong language . It is an in depth game that only a person with a long attention span should try to tacle . With tons of different endings and the ability to train your army . This is a must have for any gamer .
 This game 's great fun , it 's been sitting in my shopping cart since i played it at a friend 's house , but it seems like no one 's updating the price to a lower convenient price like the regular stores do , so i 'll wait a few more months for it to go down before buying one from a retail store . If you 're impatient though , BUY THIS GAME ! it rocks like it 's predecessor !
 What else can one say about this masterpiece from Atlus but `` WOW '' . This epic title involves you commanding an army of fighters that can class change to be magic or hand to hand , depending on how you control them in battle . OB uses a unique system of alignment that lets you control your characters ' destiny , so knights turn into paladins if they become lawful enough , and if they are chaotic , fighters will become wizards.The graphics are perfect for the way the game is set up . You command the troops from an overhead view of the map , and the troops move from place to place , liberating strongholds and fighting enemy troops . The cut scenes are great and fill the plot line in for you . Depending on the choices you make during the game , you can end up with any of the many endings.OB has an intricate plot , and will keep you rivited to your seat , as for the menu icons and commands , they are not hard to read , or understand at all , and there are enough sound effects to keep the action interesting , as for the music , it fits perfectly and has ben `` 64 'd '' from the original OB 's , and sounds great . Basically , OB64 is probably the best game out for the Nintendo system right now . If you like rpg 's , action games , or just want a fun game to play and keep you busy , than OB64 is a great choice .
 This is a great game . I got it and played it for at least five hours in one long weekend . It is fun , has a good plot and requires strategy . I would buy this game .
 At first I was n't too happy when I got this game ... But when I played it , I was thrilled . After I beat the game in a week , I played it trying to get as many characters as possible , but i liked a computer game better . This game does n't have the best graphics because it 's animated . There are lots of characters . If you buy this game you will be entertained for a little while .
 If you are thinking about buying this game , one thing you need to consider above all else . Ogre Battle series is 70 % strategy and 30 % Role Playing . With that in mind , here is my review ... Since this is a strategy game more than RP , I gave it 4 Stars for one reason alone . It is not as challenging as the first Ogre Battle -LRB- March of the Black Queen -RRB- . Do not get me wrong , it can be challenging at times and even frustrating at times but the 1st OB was much harder . Example
 My wife bought this game for me , and although I probably would n't have picked it for myself , I gave it a chance . It turned out to be one of those games that is kind of tough to get into at first , but once you do , impossible to put down . This game ate up a big chunk of my time the first weekend I had it , and I play for a little while every night after work . The storyline is just amazing ; It 's like a good fantasy novel . I find myself playing to find out what 's going to happen next . The ability to choose and answer questions that alter the story and your character 's alignment really gets you involved . The battle system is really simple , and everything is explained within the game . At first , I thought I was going to get bored because you do n't have a lot of control over the actual battle , but it turns out that choosing classes , formation and equipment is just as much fun . Also , there are many missions where you must dispatch other units , which adds to the strategy.All , in all , hightly reccomended . There are n't many N64 games that have real long-term single-player value . This one does .
 Finally , another RPG on the N64 , unfortunately games are scarce enough on the N64 , RPG are even less , only a handful . Thanks to Atlus -LRB- who does a great translation job by the way -RRB- RPG gamers can cheer now !!! Ogre Battle started on the SNES , its a great strategy games involving organizing your troops , it is also considered an RPG because your characters level up , can change classes and gain special abilities . It is a very deep and involving game , finish it once can take up to 50 hours , depending on how thorough you are . Many secrets , characters , branching story and multiple ending , I played the original game over 5 times.Ogre Battle 64 is the sixth chapter in the series , most of the music and sounds are the same , so fans of the first one would be happy . Story is also excellent , great plot but mostly involving war and revolution , although nothing special , but the characters really draws you in , You even encounter many familiar people you 've met in the first game . Well , I liked most everything about this game , but the gameplay was a little different , the maps are small and really ugly , I guess to compensate for the tiny maps your troops moves extrememly slow . Liberating castles really does n't do anything , at least in the first one you can draw tarot cards radomly , which can add to your stat , and you can also use as special items during battle . There is also this interrupt bar you have to wait until it fills to change the troop tactics , to retreat and to use your special magic ... and battles are usually not long enough for the meter to fill up so you can use the magic . Lastly the classes are mostly the same , with a few additions , and also a few missing . Overall its a good game , should satisfy those N64 owners hunger for a good strategy game , its also a good distraction for those waiting for the next Zelda later this month . My recommendation is to pick one up and enjoy it ! Score
 This is my favorite game of all time . Period . Other games have made bold and valiant attempts , such as Final Fantasy X and Harvest Moon . But none can compare the the masterpiece that is Ogre Battle 64 . I have always been a fan of the RPG , and I picked this game up with mild expectations . I hold high standards for my games , you see . And lots of games just dont cut it . They are good , but not great . And thats what I expected from Ogre Battle . But what I got was the most fufilling game adventure of my life . An army , groups in the army , 5 characters to a group , males , females , clases , upgrades of classes , beasts , dragons , undeads , angles , And thats not even including the special people such as Carth , Destin , and Meridia ! Then you could go into the customizable weapons and armor . All wraped up into an easly managable batallion at your command . If this is n't gaming bliss , I do n't know what is
 First off , I agree that this game is more strategy than Role Playing . You go into a battle screen where you advance your armies onto the map , liberating towns and pushing back enemy units , until you get to the main boss of the map , beat him , and you win that area . This is definitely just the abstract , however.If you like character customization , you will literally fall head over heels for this game . You have units of characters in your total party - each consisting of 5 characters or 4 if you have a large monster in that particular unit . You can change their classes , train them outside of regular battles , level them up , re-equip them , etc. . Also , where you put the character changes what they do in battle . And it also changes the attack and defense of the entire unit . You can change everything about your characters and units that if you love having control of everything , you wo n't be disappointed.What may turn many away from this game , however , is the battling . The strategy is almost entirely how you make the formation of the battle unit . You dictate one of four strategies and they fight on their own . You can intervene and change the strategy in the battle , but that 's it . You can retreat from a battle too , and then a little later in the game you can cast `` Pedra '' spells on the enemy , which are spells you get to use if you have taken a lot of damage in a particular battle . Once each character has performed every action , the winner is the side which dealt the most damage , or of course the surviving side . There 's more strategy than it seems however , in that you need to push units around the map with each other , and stopping in towns to restore each characters HP before they die.The story is a little cliche ' , but it is still a good story . Full of corruption , deceit , and backstabbing within lines . There are alternate paths and multiple endings too , and even if there were n't you 'd probably want to play the game again once you beat it.The N64 has been known for its children-oriented games . Parents beware
 OGREBATTLE 64First off I would not Recomend this game for those gamers who do not have patience because this games take a very LONG !! time to play . You start in the Beginning at an acadamy and your name is Magnus Gallant -LRB- this is changable of Course -RRB- . In the start you are asked questions when you answer them they determine what types of units you will have and also what ELEM PEDRA you will have . There is a total of 6 Pedras for you to obtain throughout the course of the game . You pick one and can get the rest throughout the rest of the game . Units are arranged by having a nine square grid that and you can have a maximum of 5 characters . There is world of Classes to choose from in OB64 . You start off with your basic classes and when you gain experience and you have the proper alignment an other class becomes avialable . Alignment is an other very important factor . This affects everything alignment changes after every battle . It determines whether you can obtain certain classes . You will soon learn that in OB64 that in battle you ca n't control a single character . In fact you control the whole unit by Issuing commands on who to attack . During the course of the game you can come acrosse things that are known as Neutral encounters . These are wild animals or Demi-humans that you can get to join your party . There are also special Characters that ask to join your batalion throughout the Story . In the start of the Game there is Diomedes Rangue who is was Magnus ' friend in the acadamy . You then meet a warrior name Leia Silvis . In the first mission you meet Hugo Miller he will prep you on every mission before it starts that is why he is known Hugo the tactitian . A novice player will be confused in the start because of a thing called the organize screen . This can be very confusing but after a while mastering this task is noi problem . The Organize screen allows you to change certain things in your batalion from adding and removing Characters and equip a certain character with new equipment . You can also form new units with with extra characters you have obtained . In short do n't worry in the beginning this game might seem a little boring and confusing but after a while you will be begging to play it more and more . and with many combinations of endings once you finish one game you will want to start another .
 This game , when I had the pleasure to play it , was one of the greatest RPG 's ever . I am what you may call an RPG freak ... but I 'm not all weird as you presume . Anywho , with its immersive story line and sub plots , multiple endings , and excellent cast of characters , I have found that this is a game worth the price you will pay to buy it . As I do recall , Magnus is one of the greatest RPG main characters to live . Long Live Magnus . Well , take my advice and do yourself a huge favor and give this game the chance it deserved . -LRB- And never got , due to the reputation of RPG 's on the Nintendo 64 -RRB-
 One Word
 In an age where graphics flare and gameplay suffers , this is a true gem . Graphics are definately below today 's standards ... but i like that . I like an emphasis on Story and Gameplay , and if you like customization , then this is the game for you . With a set up quite similar to the original ogre battle , and a story continuing the Holy Lodis Empire 's reign , this game shines .
 What can I say about this game ... It is a ` blend , ' mixing RPG elements -LRB- customizable , level-based characters -RRB- and stragety elements -LRB- forming and commanding units and legions in full-scale battles -RRB- with small adventure elements thrown in . Certaintly an out-of-the-ordinary mix , and it tends to show , as many people might have trouble mastering the basics at the beginning -LRB- of course , the learning curve is n't as sharp as the original game for the SNES -RRB- . However , once this is done , the game becomes a treat in every way imaginable . A long , involved plotline , meaningful characters , epic battles in which the challenge level is perfectly set , and especially in the multitude of units and classes available . The game can be ` basic ' enough for anyone , but lets you design just the right units for the more ` advanced ' gamer . As for the graphics , I find it somewhat refreshing to see non-polygonal characters , especially ones drawn and animated well . They , like much of the rest of the game , grow on you till you ca n't imagine life without them . Delivering in multiple genres and on many different gaming levels , Ogre Battle 64 promises to keep anyone occupied for a very long time .
 The graphics are sweet and the storyline is kickbutt ! This is one of the best games of all time !
 Ok , Ive never been a fan of ogre battle . That started as soon as i rented ogre battle for playstation at blockbuster . All it was was moving blue dots around on a screen and fighting battles . no story or nothing . and the menus . o my god . but i bought an n64 about a month ago and despratly needed an rpg . so i reluctantly picked this one up . boy am i happy . its so much more user freindly than the aweful one for playstation . not to mension it has an awsome story . and the characters are so much more detailed . if you own an n64 and are even the slightest bit interested in rpgs then get this game as soon as possable .
 This game is a must have for any RPG fan or N64 owner . The story is complex and of epic proportions . To say that story is deep is like saying that Mount Everest is tall
 This game is one of the coolest games I 've ever played.The storyline was amazing.It was a great idea to put you -LRB- the player -RRB- in command of an entire battalion.There is just one problem about this game.It was TOO LONG.Imean after awhile it just got boring the way the story tended to drag on and on.Overall the game was cool and is a must buy for gamers . * Tip-Don ' t rely on one or two units to win the game for you , keep all your units at almost the same level , use them all in battles and in training .
 I enjoyed this game for many reasons . Some of them are the greaphics are great , multiple endings , Role playing , you can customize your army , many hidden items , great storyline , and you can make beasts or dragons better!I played this game without going through the training and it was difficult because I did n't know how to do alot of things . Once I got the hang of it I loved the game . There are some downsides though . One was I got really far in the game and was so excited to go into the next levels I forgot to go to the menu and save . I accidentilly got my main character killed and had to start all the way back to when I last saved . Another is I sometimes need alot of money to purchace items from a store but I do n't have much money.All in all this was a great game . It is my favorite N64 game now . If you 're not sure if you want to buy this game then go rent it from a video store to see what you think . I thought the game was great .
 I have really appreciated the fast shipment and great service you have provided ! Item was in great condition . Thank you very much !
 I was quite surprised by how much I am enjoying this game . I absolutely love it . It throws you into the action right away and keeps you wanting more from the get go . There is so much customization and so many interesting characters to collect and develop it really draws you in and keeps you thinking about all your options for the whole game . The combat can be a little slow at times but once you get used to the pace it does n't bother you . Sometimes it even seems to be going too fast when bad things start happening.This game is amazing fun and any RPG fan should own it .
 I haved play this awasome game since 2000 and still playing this amazing game . and I keep find it new content in to the game every time I played it again and again new item or soldier or character to create show it up . this is the best strategy game ever played as final fantasy tactics but ogre battle has alot reply value amean alot . and for a special classes of solders , custume and new weapons you can go to atlus page and find out that you have miss a brand new game to play ang get a new content tp play and accesories for the game characters . after played and beaten over many times 25 to be exacly . I have found 5 to 6 difernt endining . buy this game for downlode at nintendo via wii.for a low price . recomended game .
 This game is very good and I just got it from `` Half.com '' . It 's fun switching units ' soldiers with other units . And if anyone was wondering how to use armour and weapons and stuff you hit R -LRB- during amission -RRB- and go to the orginizing area and hit R again . Then you go to unit commands and will say `` equip unit '' . Then you can take a look at your units . You can only do this when units are not dispatched . The worst part about this game is that when you load a saved game the gets erased until you save it again . I 've had it freeze after loaded my game and then my data was gone and then it happened again ! Whoever 's idea that was not the brightest bulb in the box .
 When I first saw this game I thought it looked stupid . I did n't try it for a long time until somebody told me it was really good . So , i rented it . And let me tell you , my free time has been consumed by this game . What is this game like ? Well , mix Harvest Moon with Zelda and Command and Conquer , and you 'll get Ogre Battle 64 . It has graphics that look corny , but they work . The gameplay makes up for it also . The game does have a slow start , but it 's not too slow . Anyway , I do n't know what amazon 's reviewers are talking about , I love the music in Ogre Battle 64 ! It 's sound effects are pretty good too ! The difficulty is just right too , you wo n't fly through this game in two seconds . It has multiple scenerios that take you on different adventures according to what path you take . All in all , this is great game that you should definately buy !
 This is the sole reason for the N64 . If you own a N64 and do n't have this game then you might as well not have a N64 .
 Okay lets start from the top , i rented this from blockbuster the first day they got it and right then i was a dicted to the game . It has a great plot and you mostly create your own characters . In the bigging of the game you have to answer 6 questions to chose your class -LRB- that means what you are like a warrior a witch a wizard a droll master and etc. -RRB- . Then the bad things are , that the grafics are pretty good but not the best on the market . The music is poor and the sound efics some times crakels . But that really all the bad things about it.Every thing else is great , so if you are a RPG or a statgey fan you should get this .
 This is Chapter 6 in the ogre battle series . The game has a well thought out story line that takes you through Magnus Gallant 's adventures . The thing is that you are Magnus Gallant and in the game you have many choices to make that deside you ending in small different ways . Also during the game you can get many special characters that will join you if you are good or evil depending on who they are . Also the choices you make effect which characters join you and which do n't . I liked this game because it uses a good battle system and has a great story line in fact of the best if seen on a Nintendo 64 game . The game takes quite a while to beat but when you reach the end it is defenatly worth it . Also since thier are 3 different endings you just have to play it again and again to get the other endings .
 This game is one which grows on you each time you sit down to play it . Though it has -LRB- inevitably -RRB- some flaws , I enjoyed it just a hair 's breadth less than Zelda , Ocarina of Time , and just as much as any of the other N64 games that I have played . The first thing that I wish was better is the control of characters in battle . Though you are supposed to have a choice of whom to attack , it really only seems to work when your group and the enemy group are pretty well matched . Otherwise , the computer takes over and makes the decisions . Also , when you choose who to attack , and it actually does work , the enemy does pretty much the same thing , as though you have made the choice for both units . The next down point is that it is really easy to forget to save in the heat of the game , so get used to doing so every time you have secured a battle zone . Otherwise , if you do n't , you will have to replay at least one entire mission should you be conquered . This happened to me twice , and believe me , you do n't want to do this . I wish it were easier to know exactly what each item is when you find them , and for which characters they belong , though this is part of the fun of the game . Many items can be used for various characters , and they have different effects when equipped to different characters . Love most of the music , the color , the story line . Some scenes with inconsequential characters are pretty redundant let alone unuseable as far as your advancement in the game , but some of the encounters are very important , so pay attention !!! Play this game for a truly fascinating experience.PS
 Ogre Battle is definetly one of my favorite strategy games of all time . Very challenging , tons of secrets to unlock -LRB- characters , weapons , etc. -RRB- , great game concept , and ridiculous amounts of replay value - go ahead and take the path of evil if you want , the game changes to suit your style . That being said , let 's take a look at what you 're getting yourself into here.This is NOT a quickly paced game . Your button mashing skills are completely worthless here . You will not have to put in 8 move combos . In fact , you do n't even directly participate in fighting . Think of yourself as a general . You assemble your troops , give them their orders , and send them out on the field . You can direct their movements , but once they engage the enemy , the battle is decided by the computer , based on how you have arranged your men and how strong they are . It 's all about planning . What kind of units do you want ? Where will you send them ? What style of fighting should they engage in?And that 's just the basics . Night and day play a role in combat , as does terrain you 're on , deployment costs , and a host of other factors that you 'll have to experience for yourself . Playing this game through to the end will take you quite a while , especially if you go hunting on all the side quests -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- . It 's an awesome game , but do n't expect an RPG . It 's straight-up strategy at its best .
 This a type of game that tells you that pretty graphics are n't everything . As an RPG fan , and not having to try the previous Ogre Battles , I was at first dissapointed . Mainly because i was thinking of controlling your party , getting into random battles , and all the other stuffs you do in Final Fantasy series or Chrono Cross . Also , the game was very hard and confusing to play -LRB- i had to spend 2 hours in the practice mode to finally learn all things -RRB- . However , once you 've learned how to play , you ca n't put the controller down . If i had the time , i would play this game until my head aches , and that doens ' t really happen until i stop playing.So what if the graphics make your characters look like little mushrooms jumping around ? The gameplay is awesome and the story line rivals those of Final Fantay series . Also , the music is great in my opinion . Some people say that music and sound effects are terrible in Ogre Battle 64 since it sounds like something out of a SNES cartridge . But you 'd have to hear those music from old school videogames to realize how good they were.So , in conlusion , Ogre Battle 64 is a must get for n64 owners , fans of RPG , and even real-time strategy fans -LRB- it sort of plays like Starcraft and other RTS 's -RRB- . I give a thumbs up for this gem
 This game came out here in the states back in 2000 . And man , I do n't know how I ran across it , but when I did , I fell in love really fast . There is just something so compelling about a game that has so many options and ways to play.But there should be a slight disclaimer : If you lack the patience to play a game that does n't have a lot of need for reflexes , then this game will not appeal to you . People who like fast-paced games exclusively will have a difficult time picking this up and keeping to it . It is not fast-paced , at least in the overall scheme of things , although it flows very smoothly for what it is.I rented this game so much -LRB- I have no idea why I never bought it -RRB- back in middle/high school . My save even stayed on the cartridge -LRB- although I would tamper with the other save file and I did restart a couple times because of mistakes -RRB- . It 's just some sort of genius . And it is unique , in that no other game really exists that is quite like it.The game is strategy-oriented with RPG elements making up the stats of your units . Each mission takes place on a field , with multiple units moving around , taking strongholds and killing other units . There 's too much to explain in a review . Basically , know that a unit is a composition of up to 5 characters , organized on a 3x3 grid . Each character gains experience in a unit for every enemy character killed at the end of a battle -LRB- or just 1 , if none were killed -RRB- . You also do n't control the characters , aside from how the characters should handle battle . Otherwise , they choose their own targets , but the AI usually does what 's best -LRB- I say usually , but they do act in ways that are questionable -RRB- . Characters also have classes , like Final Fantasy Tactics -LRB- which comes from the same mind behind Ogre Battle , albeit , he did n't work on the 64 game -RRB- , and classes become available as you gain levels , characters , and equipment . There are also beasts , which evolve as they fight and become stronger.Those are just the mechanics . Otherwise , you have alignment , which goes from Chaotic to Lawful , with Neutral in between . Depending on how you play determines how your alignment will change . It 's not always guaranteed , but it tends to balance out in the end -LRB- the game tells you what affects alignment , I do n't want to get too descriptive -RRB- . What is impressive about all this is the depth . The only thing I would n't recommend is power-leveling one unit . Because training requires money , which only comes from clearing missions , you ca n't make one unit strong enough to handle the later missions all alone . Otherwise , you 'll be making numerous combinations of units . Some units will be balanced , some will be defensive , some will be offensive . What really makes it all fun is class changes . Nothing feels better than finally getting that Paladin to do 3 hits in the front row or the 3 Sirens/Archmages in the back casting all-field spell combinations.The story is also great , although it 's all told through text and limited animation . That 's not bad -LRB- it 's kind of charming -RRB- but it 's outdated by today 's standards . Still , the story is told well , and it has a lot of variety in different playthroughs . How the story plays out depends on what decisions you made in cutscenes , what alignment you have , and who you 've killed in battle , as well as some little hidden calculations you may have never realized . There 's a lot in this game , and just one playthrough probably is n't enough to get it all . There 's even secret classes that you ca n't get through normal means.It 's a political story , with plenty of twists that may surprise you , as well as suspense from scene to scene . This game also may make you think a little bit about how our society is with economic class , with a large theme of the story dealing with the class system and revolution against tyranny coming not from a leader , as much as it is from society . There 's even an overseeing Empire with which your conflict slowly grows over the course of the game . There 's just a lot to enjoy here , unless you care more about presentation than quality.Check this game out . If you do n't have a Wii , try to find a good deal , but if you have the Wii , buy it on the Virtual Console -LRB- there 's always emulation , but I wo n't condone that -RRB- . It 's $ 10 , better than buying the cartridges , and it 's all there , left in it 's original form . Ogre Battle sorely needs a new installment , and now that the series is the hands of Square Enix , the original creator of this series has his creation back . Buy this if you love strategy , RPG , both , or just something to get your brain moving a little .
 I have played this game many , many times . Too many to count . If it is not apperant by the title of this review I think this is an excelent game . Because it is so long and has so many complexcities it has some great replay value . Gaining powerful units such as the princess and the dragoon is chalanging and fun , as well as mastering the chaos frame and creating perfect teams . The storyline is complex and includes a corrupt holy empire and demons from the other world , as well as rebels , slaves , love and much more . Awesome game , I highly recomend it .
 This game is very easy to play and hard to master . Newcomers to RPG 's will not be frightened by the easy interface and can easily get into the story . Advanced gamers will be kept amused for hours trying to figure out how to get some of the special character classes and all of the special characters that can join you along your way.Overall with great graphics , a deep appealling story with many twists , realistic characters and situations , a multitude of characters , and many levels , Ogre Battle 64 is one of the best games for the N64 .
 this is one of the best games i 've played . at first i thought it looked stupid but i played it and could n't stop . i would give it 25 stars but 5 is the limit.the creatures are very cool . the one thing that is bad is that the people are slow but that does n't change that this is an awesome game . so stop reading this and buy it , your ' e wasting plenty of battle time .
 I had never been much of a fan of strategy or RPG games , so I did n't really expect to find Ogre Battle 64 much fun . A friend that owns the game also expressed his disappointment when he lent it to me . . He did n't like the little control you have over your troops ' attack , nor did he like the traveling that you must do in the overworld . Despite all of these reasons , I figured that I should give Ogre Battle 64 a try . I checked out the tutorial first , and although it was helpful , it was unbelievably boring . The graphics were n't anything special . The only thing I liked about them were the fact that they looked like the type of people in Harvest Moon 64 . Oh well . Sound effects are simple , and the music is n't entirely catchy.However , as soon as I started my own file , I realized why this game is so popular among the critics and the gamers . This is n't your typical RPG . Sure , you can level up and change your character type , but it 's not one where you keep on fighting until your enemy dies . Nope . Battles only go on for a limited amount of time , and you win if you deal more damage than the other unit . Each unit has a leader . If the enemy unit 's leader dies , the unit will retreat even if they had won . If you weaken an opposing unit , then they can either heal themselves or retreat to a stronghold and recuperate . It is always desireable to slaughter the enemy unit 's leader , but he or she can be protected . There are different classes to deal with , and they have different attacks . Yeah . The strategy in this game can get pretty complex . Usually I do n't enjoy this type of strategy , but I found Ogre Battle 64 strangely addicting . I also loved the sheer amount of customization that is possible . You can change the names of all of the soldiers in your legion , and even tinker with their classes.I had originally criticized this game for having a faulty save system . However , I was later informed that one can indeed save between missions like I wanted by saving in the map screen that plays between missions . Previously , I had just ignored everything and went on to the next mission , so I suppose it was n't surprising that I was missing everything that the map screen offers . And the map screen does offer a LOT that I was missing out . For example , not only does it give you an option to save , but it also gives you an option to read more about the story and the characters , and it even lets you watch past cutscenes . -LRB- There are a lot of cutscenes , but they are all text . -RRB- There is even a hidden and quite amusing cutscene celebrating the birthday of your character . Not only that , but in the map screen you can fight enemies for training your troops in bitter battles to the death . Knowing about this save feature has completely revived my interest in the game . There had been so much that I was missing out in Ogre Battle 64 , but with this newly-discovered save tactic , I can confidently roll on ! And a game of such `` lordly '' caliber deserves it !
 Many games you play once , get about 25 hours of gameplay out of it and then it starts collecting dust where ever you keep your games . OgreBattle 64 is one of the select few games in which there is , literally , more than one way to play and end the game . Sports games and a couple of RPG 's offer this unique gameplay abitily to players . With 3 ways to end the game and many times the game allows you to branch off , this game can give you unlimited playing time . Many of the complaints against the game turn out to be minor . The music , while limited , does a good job of setting the scene . The graphics do n't make any breakthroughs but do n't detract from the game either . The cinematics actually look like the real game instead of looking cartoonish etc. . The icons are n't that difficult to understand and menu options are easy to use . The only thing that really takes away from this game is the sound or lack of it . It has almost no sound besides the music but if you can live with that this game rocks .
 Ogre Battle 64
 And I 'm going to be sad when it fails to continue keeping a save . But hey , if DragonQuest 1 can be over 20 years old and the actual NES cartridge can still keep a save , then there 's no reason this game should n't still keep a save for a few more years.I love this game . A lot of the time , I want a game , no matter what the magazines say , but I originally did n't want this one . That changed when I read a walkthrough in Nintendo Power and they talked about how in-depth it was . I wanted to at least try it , but eventually decided to straight up buy it . This game was what I played almost all the way through high school , despite already having the Playstation and PS2 to worry about . I did n't get either system til much later . I loved my Nintendo 64 then , and I still love my Nintendo 64 now . For a video game system , I equate it to a teddy bear , although I do n't cuddle it like I would an actual teddy bear.Truth be told , Ogre Battle 64 was my first outing with the Ogre Battle series . It actually inspired me to play the Playstation one when I got that system.And I 'm still waiting for a home console follow-up . Not necessarily a sequel to this one , but a new home console Ogre Battle . Atlus does n't care if a game sells . They 're a cult publisher/developer , whatever they do , and Ogre Battle 64 is a cult game . They need to get with the people who made this game and make them work on a new Ogre Battle , already ! There 's plenty of people who would buy it . Myself included .
 This is the best game i have ever played . -LRB- period -RRB- Im really mad that i sold it . Great game , buy it if you ever see it anywhere .
 If Nintendo would remake this game for GameCube , I would be in Heaven . But until then , I will continue to play this epic saga on N64 . I have played this game -LRB- to the finish -RRB- 4 different times . Each time it gets even beter . I get to have new characters who join me , and different outcomes ensue . If you want a game where you lead an army of awesome characters , then this here game is for you.Your main character is Magnus Gallant , a young rookie assigned to lead more rookies , on missions to liberate the Kingdom of Palatanius . On his journey , Magnus sides with the rebels , leaves the kings army and joins the revolutionary army . Thus your mission begins.Did I read something about old school graphics ? Who cares ? You tend to overlook something so minor , because this game will keep you in awe . There must be some comprise when you have a game this large coming from an old school cartridge . Where this game lacks in graphics , it more than makes up for it in storyline and game play . And in the end , is that not what its all about?You have the ability of leading many teams and different fighters . I recommend that you keep your teams to a minimum . You can have up to 5 characters fighting on a team , so I would totally utilize that . You can and WILL change your character classes , and I would implore you to train your teams between and before starting new missions , so that they are always strong . The higher the levels of your characters , the more classes you have to choose from . Plus , the lesser amount of teams you have , means the more they will be fighting and the more experienced and stronger they become.I would also suggest , turning most of your female classes to sorceress ' or sirens , and your males as fighters . Females tend to take more damage and die easily , unless you put them in the back . From the back those sorceress ' can become mighty powerful , they are actually my favorite characters.Try to match the characters alignments with the appropriate classes . Alignment is Key in this game . If you need Low alignment Characters , train them , up their level and have them fight High alignment enemies , and if you need High Alignment characters , have them fight teams with higher level and Low alignment . When you go into battle you will need to analyze your teams , and your enemies teams , their fatigue and levels . Do not hesitate to retreat if you need to , try to never have a character die.This game is very long , it requires alot of strategy and thinking . There are many sidequests that you must do to get special items , to turn your characters into special classes . Always check out Hugos Reports and his events , there is always valuble information there . DO NOT even think twice about buying this game . It is actually my favorite game out of all the new systems out there . It does not get any better than this .
 This game has a well defined story , easy yet in depth game play , and menus , and is really just overall cool . Many endings keep people playing for month . I played it 25 times , just because of it 's variation !
 Being a fan of the original , I was very happy when the N64 version not only lived up to the previous game , but exceeded it . It should be noted that this is a strategy game , not an RPG . It would be best to consider this a military sim , with a fantasy twist . The Ogre Battle series really is in a whole different genre than any other game , thus , it is tough to categorize . It is also long
 Ok , heres the deal , after reading what others thought about this game , I have come up some conclusions for their answers . 1 . A big complaint I hear is that the characters have no background , are simple , and you can not relate to them . My answer ; In the beginning of the game , I agree . They have nothing going for them . But as the game proggresses , They become much deeper . Their past unfolds before you . Also , check the Hugo report for full details on the characters found throughout the game . Second . The game is too long . I dissagree , as well . Now although I grant you ca n't beat this game overnight , I found that did n't really want too . IU wish the story would last forever , with its detailed characters -LRB- they become quite advanced by the end of the game -RRB- and intricit stroyline . And this does holds all the basic elements of an RPG . Anyone who says different , in my personal opinion , does not truley know what an RPG is . Now , you do n't control the characters in combat yourself , you give the strategys -LRB- attack leader , attack strongest , attack weakest , etc. -RRB- and you equip them with different weapons , and armor . You also assign where they are on a small grid wich determines wat attacks they use and how many times they attack . . They then duke it out themselves . This helps add excitment to the battles . For , you do n't exactly know who there going to attack . Some may call this annoying . I really do n't think so , but , as I said , it is their opinion . You do control where a unit moves . This brings possibilitys . Like mountains and swamps , snow , and forests to slow you down . But you can use specialty units that are designed to fight in those condtions who have the edge in combat.The storyline . I love it . Though some say it drones on and on , I say it adds new elements and twists enough to keep it interesting . You learn new things about characters and their pasts . And wat they are currently doing . It also changes . Often you have choices to go to different areas . Depending on which you choose , you can get different items/weapons , new characters -LRB- different ones depending where you go -RRB- , and new storyline twists . Also , at least one character , when hes in you battalion , adds his two cents into his thoughts of whats going on . That makes the storyline extra clear and suspensful . Because of these bizzare twists of plots and the avalibility of different characters , I have played rthis game about 3 times through , and am still going.The graphics . Good for N64 . Though , do to the Gamecube , Xbox , and Ps2 , they may seem absolite . Too bad because when I got it when it came out , they were considered spectacular , and I thought so too ... . One thing I do n't like about this game
 I must admit that this was a hard game to find . If you like the first Ogre Battle -LRB- either on the SNES or the playstation -RRB- , you 'll enjoy this one as well . Engrossing storyline , multiple endings , mass customization , it has all of that . Just a warning to people , it can take extremely long time to finish , so patience is a must to enjoy this game . I 'm actually proud of the N64 after playing this game , I hated the lack a real RPGs available . It 's too bad no more RPGs like this one came out for the N64 .
 I must admit that this was a hard game to find . If you like the first Ogre Battle -LRB- either on the SNES or the playstation -RRB- , you 'll enjoy this one as well . Engrossing storyline , multiple endings , mass customization , it has all of that . Just a warning to people , it can take extremely long time to finish , so patience is a must to enjoy this game . I 'm actually proud of the N64 after playing this game , I hated the lack a real RPGs available . It 's too bad no more RPGs like this one came out for the N64 .
 I for one think this was a very good game . I will start with a few problems and go from there . The music is not exactly excellent but it provides an almost perfect mood . The only real problem is that the language is a bit unneeded.Now for the good things . Some people say they want control in the battle but truly their is not much in the battle the player can not control . The best part of the game is creating , training , and organizing your army . The multiple endings make it so that if you compared your army to one of your friends ' you would see many many variations . The reason for this is at the very beginning of the game you answer several questions , these answers change the starting units you have . The way it selects them is a very complex math problem that took me a day to figure out . The storyline itself is very hard to pull away from . what makes this even better is the multiple endings that make you wonder things like : `` What if I had let Dio die ? '' The game has so much strategy in it , although at first the strategy is hidden , later in the game you see that the makers probably had a hard time deciding what genre to make it.All in all this game is good for players who like creating their own forces , and also is good for people who like to get to know characters in stories . This game is practically a book inside a video game . I liked this game a lot and I hope that this review will help you decide whether or not to buy this game .
 RTK VI is a further enhancement to the successful franchise . Now your officer 's abilities change as they age and as they acquire experience . The maximum number of troops and officer can command is based on his rank -LRB- and a ruler 's rank determines what rank he can bestow on his officers -RRB- . There are now many more officers to interact with and the story behind the game is given greater depth . The addition of short scenarios allows players to meet objectives without having to complete a campaign game . The main weakness is Koei 's lack of documentation . Your officer 's loyalty increases as your prestige increases -LRB- by completing tasks asked by the emperor -RRB- -- but the manual does n't tell you this . You find out at a council that it takes 6 months and 20000 gold to build a palace -- but not in the manual . Talk with your officers to set up a council . The graphics are only incrementally improved . Overall , this is a solid addition for those who loved Koei 's previous offerings , but it requires some learning and patience .
 I just say that i love the whole RTK series but in number 6 . I believe that Koei made a mistake . does anyone notice that their is not hardly anything to do in between months while your waiting for tax income ? theres no rewarding your generals . and no training your troops either , both of these things not only made the game more realistic but also used up downtime in between wars and tax time . One thing that i do like is that thier is a good amount of fighting in the long missions , which was lacking in previous versions . I also really think that the fighting is much improved . and the new ranking system with all of the gazillions of ranks to bestow on your officers . but you will find your self skipping many a month -LRB- turn -RRB- in the game . the graphics are the best ever for a romance game but i for one dont play this game for the graphics , i play for the strategy ive logged more than 5,000 hours playing this series !
 I love Koei games . Liberty or Death , Nobunaga 's Ambition , PTO , Uncharted Waters , Genghis Khan , you name it , if it has their name , it 's got ta be good . But this installment of Rot3K lacks that really compelling flavor that makes these games so addictive.The war portion , which is the lion 's share of this game , is fine . In fact , it 's better than ever . But that also betrays the game 's biggest fault
 The game is good , as they all are . If your a koei fan , or a true war sim fan you will like the game very much . Unfortunately though for the R3K fans , the feel does n't seem to be there . When you used to get truly into the game , and live it . You know play the game for 2 days straight , finally beat it and come back to play as a different ruler or in a different scenerio the next day . It just does n't seem to happen anymore.I like where Koei is going , unfortunately this is like the first versions of any Windows system , it just does n't work right . They most likely should have waited a while refined the way the game operates and tried then . Unforntunately everything is trial and error.I would recommend trying Romance of the Three Kingdoms IV or wait till they release the next . Mabye they will be back on track , or have fully developed the great ideas that where sorely lacking in presentation in R3K VI.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's still a great game and series , the newest installment is just lacking the feel of the rest .
 Anyone who is even mildly interested in warfare , or internal wars featured in China will be extremely addicted to this game . The fact that you can customize generals will add replay value to this game , far more than any other . I highly recommend this game if you are in to turn based , month by month , strategy , with turn based warfare , and diplomatic missions.Koei is to strategy , as Squaresoft is to roleplaying .
 With it 's complex system of commands and basic visuals this is a game which many people may be deterred from giving it a chance . Once played however your opinion of it is likely to change . Played as it is to the backdrop of chinese history your goal is to unite all of China . The system is surprisingly well thought out with a lot of depth and variety . It is also fun to create your own heroes and see how they fare against those of history . Once I began playing this I could n't stop . It really is addictive fun but it is not a game for people with short attention spans who just crave flashy graphics and action . It is very tactical both in terms of politics and battles . Give it a try but remember to guard your supplies in battle .
 Good game and holds many aspects that makes it , in my opinion , better than IV . I like the new styled duels much better . I also like the event sequences.The only draw back is that battles can last only 1 month and attacking cities is kind of a bore due to lack of strategies the gamer can employ.All in all , a must own , especially if new to the Romance of the Three Kingdoms saga .
 It seems that in this one Koei was more interested in trying new feaures for there games then making sure staples of the formers games made there way to this game . Some parts of the game I found to be fun . The fact the fact that you have to give your troops commands for 3 days at a time makes you actually need to anticpate you enemies moves , its too bad that the AI is very easy to predict . The only real problem I have with the 3 day commands is that the computer is does n't seem to follow this , seemingly changing its mind on the second day into the commands and taking a more advantagous route . I enjoy the fact that you character age , get better as they approach their prime , and grow weaker as the have passed it , the inablity to train troops , which was the reason you or your enemies could n't just `` raise an army '' on a whim , atleast not a very good one , in the older games . All in all it 's a good game , but in my opinion Koei has already made a better version
 Koei 's Romance of the Three Kingdom series has never disappointed me in their games . Much improvement is showm on this latest of the series . More new commands has been added as well as being able to actually create custom generals into the family of an actuall character of the game . The only downside of this game that made me think VI is not as well made as V is that the command for rewarding the general with money has been taken off . In other words , if your general is not loyal to you ... he is basically gone or will be gone sooner or later . Though with this minor flaw , the game is still very good and worth while to buy .
 Being a huge fan of the real time strategy games , I found this game to be especially unique . If you want a good grasp of Chinese history without taking the time to read the long novel , this is the game for you . Not only can you impress your peers with knowledge , but also have hours upon hours of stimulating gameplay . With the capacity to create characters from scratch , this game has endless bounds . Having all games associated with the Three Kingdoms , even the PS2 version , I found this one to be the most enjoyable . It 's so packed with information it will keep you awake at nights thinking if one of your providences is governed by the right man . I love this game , but if you do not have patience-forget it .
 I used to be an avid gamer but responsibilities of life have prevented me from those hours with the controller . However , whenever a new R3K comes out , I am back in front of the TV until I am done . I love the improvements , they are fabulous . I wish that the duel was much more a part of the game . It was great in the last one but now nobody ever wants to duel , which is a shame . I also miss the rewarding of generals . The catapults were fun , now gone . It is also much harder to recruit generals from other areas and from captured generals . They never want to join you . It used to be fun to win a big war to get your hands on Lu Bu . Now these guys are all imprisoned and executed , no chance to add to your stable of talent . I like the storyline interludes and the emperor allowing the rankings , this is great stuff . Would be nice of you could appoint civil officers to some sort of ranking , perhaps a council of somekind where `` plot '' stuff could be suggested and executed . You would be able to call the council every so often for this sort of diplomatic advice . And perhaps then that interesting subversion that is in the plot area would actually work once and a while . I would like to be able to buy the horses and all that stuff as well . Still these are the best games ever created ! Ca n't wait for the next one .
 I find it awesome that a Romance of the 3 Kingdoms game is on the playstation . I used to play the series all the time on the NES and the SNES .
 I 've been playing this game for years , but when the opportunity came for me to owna copy , i jumped at the chance . If your in to old school - role playing/fight games , check this out , it does n't disappoint .
 Once again , Koei manages to enthrall long awating fans with the sixth verison of the Romance series . Still mantaing all the game characteristics that made the first five games in the series memorable , Romance of the Three Knigdoms Six brings new and more indepth gameplay to gamers . Numerous land units , water units , extensive senarios , and intense cinima graphics are just a few of the perks that await you in the war torn China . The exciting military/strategy gameplay make for hours of replayable , war-torn fun !
 It is the best historical Strategy games i have every played . For anyone who likes this game and likes RPGs you should try : Destiney of an emperor for the NES .
 This game is a fun game , but hard . Very realistic . I would not reccomend this for unrealisic gamers . It took me a couple of times to get the hang of this game . Fun game . Buy it !
 Wow . In one word I 've managed to sum up everything I think about BACKYARD WRESTLING
 I have to admit I was n't interested in the game when I first saw it , but now , I ca n't stop playing it ! My friend brougth it over a few nights ago , and I got up early and bought it the next day!It 's a very fun game , there 's tons to do , there 's lots of weapons to use and manipulate . It 's all really well done to me.The soundtrack 's HUGE . I got a copy of the SDTK for oredering and it 's 2 CDs PACKED with songs.ICP 's in it , MDogg20 , SABU ~ ! , Josh Prohibition are all in it as well . It 's a great game to play solo , or with friends . It wo n't disappoint . Give it a shot .
 This game is very fun but , very bloody and gorey lots of weapons like flaming tables , barbed wire bats light tubes , bottles , bricks , bikes , stopsigns , shopping carts etc. one bad thing is no THUMBTACKS everyone says it has it , i never saw it and i had it for a couple of months i dont know wat they mean . anyway , jcw and byw combine with charecters like evil dead , mad man pondo , icp , mdog20 , josh probition , josh asbill and SABU!lots of other guys and girls . create a wrestler isnt as good as smackdown ! or raw games . pretty hard game , when you get it i suggest you try to do you vs second player to try it out wen you know who your favorite guy is try him out in talk show mode where people try to end bakyard wrestling i beat it with sabu hes my favorite but you have to unlock him . exellent game , hope they come out with a second game .
 DO N'T LISTEN TO ANY OTHER REVIEWS THAN THIS . The people who gave this game bad reviews said they played it for about 5-10 minutes . Everyone knows that games have to be played for at least an hour to get a slight feel for them . This game is a great example . This game is crashing through like 5 frontiers on it 's way to glorified perfection . Everything that people mentioned was great . Soundtrack , gameplay , everything . THe create-a-wrestler is pretty bad , I must admit , but this is n't a game you bought to customize a guy getting hsi ass kicked . The part about the computer having perfect accuracy when throwing objects ... he throws them to anticipate where you are going , if you have the brains to change direction after he throws it ... he will never hit you . Also , you throw just as accurate as he does . The difficulty level is 3 step ... like most fighting games . It is normal , hard , and porn star . It would be just the same if they called it easy , normal , and hard , or hard , superhard , and extremly hard . The first level is for beginners . This game also includes use of XBox soundtracks , and it is just amazing . Personally , I hate wrestling games . This one is jsut great beyond words . Show me a game where you can smash a lightbulb across Violent J 's head , or throw a flaming bottle across a stripclub , at a fat cowboy , and I 'll show yoyu a man with his mouth shut . This game earns 10 stars , the best and first of it 's genre .
 I 've played ALL the wrestling games available on the X-Box , and this one is BY FAR my favorite . What do you look for in a wrestling game ? Do you look for great graphics , fast , violent gameplay , EASY controls , big environments and fun characters ? How about a GREAT soundtrack , and real custom soundtrack capabilities ? If that 's your type of game , BUY THIS NOW . If your type of game involves complicated controls , slow action , sub-par graphics , and no fun , go pick up RAW . Seriously , Backyard Wrestling is just a fun game . It 's easy to pick up , and fun to play . It 's especially great in multi-player mode . But be warned , this game is NOT for kids . It features strong sexuality and curse words . For adult fun , only .
 If you like blood and to beat the crap out of other players with sticks , lawn chares , ect this game is for you ! any ICP fan should play this game . You get to play as saggy and vilent j. the music is awsem . I reccomend this game to everyone !
 PS2 SUCKS NOW AND THATS ALL I GOT TO SAY TRUST ME IT HAVES SWEET GRAPHICS AND DVD AND ALL THAT BUT X-BOX OVER LAPS IT PS2 BLOW COME ON WITH ME PS2 BLOWS PS2 BLOWS HAAAA !! HAA !!! BUT ANYWAYS BACK YARD WRESTLING DTTAH IS GON NA PROBALY BE AWESOME BOUT I DONT THINK ITS AS GOOD AS A WWE GAME THO BECAUSE I LOVE WWE !!! YEAH WHATS UP LITA !!
 I 've only played 2 of the titles in this collection so far , but they are well worth the $ 15 price tag . We play these with our video projector , so that a group can play with a big screen . Blast From The Past is really fun . It features the witty announcer from TV Land and lots of video of stars from old TV sitcoms that interact with you as you play . It is constantly changing so it never gets boring . There are lots of different kinds of activities , and you never know what 's coming next . You can form teams , and the questions are multiple choice like Who Wants To Be A Millionaire , so it 's not so hard like Trivial Pursuit . The graphics and sound are well done . Wheel Of Fortune is also fun to play , but not as funny . I would n't play these solo , but they are great fun at a get-together if you have a big screen you can hook up to your laptop like I do , and a nice sound system .
 Man , I played this game for about 2 months , and I must say even though the graphics are n't `` state of the art '' , the game play and story line is incredible . This game kicks -LSB- behind -RSB- . Missions , Missions , Missions ! Items galore and Ninja moves to boost . And after beating the game , you get an extra character . Love it man , if you plan on getting it , it 'll be your money 's worth .
 I am thirteen years old and I believe this ninja game is the closest to the real thing more than any other ninja game . The most intriguing feature is that you can stealth kill your enemies . You can also chose a variety of items ; shuriken -LRB- throwing stars -RRB- , caltrops , poison darts , gas grenade , just to name a few . You may chose from two different characters who have their own story lines ! And another awesome feature is that when you beat the game with these two characters -LRB- Rikimaru and Ayame -RRB- , you get third character named Tatsumaru ! Honestly the best Ninja game ANYWHERE ! Highly recommended . I also recommend Tenchu
 if your looking for the best game on the playstation.you 've got the write title.although a rather short game.it will challenge you to the fullest.you have to master the stealth technique.you know sneak up on enemys and behead them.this is by far my favorite game.it is a very bloody and gorey game.so watch out for younger players.if you like ninja 's you 'll love this game .
 This game is the best that i have eva played.It has sweet graphics and killer ways 2 kill people.All the places u go 2 find ou new things and finding hidden rooms with ninja weapons .
 This is the BEST game that i have ever played ! If you like ninja games or just like ninjas and you have a playstation , i recomend that you rent this game or find some way of getting it because this is such a kool game !
 First of all do n't to this website when they call this game a fighting game they could n't be more wrong if you do n't already know what Tenchu is then here is the low down you play the part of one of three characters Rikimaru , the classic ninja , Ayame the smart alick girl ninja , or Tatsumaru , the skilled heir to the Azuma ninja clan . In this game as opposed to the first there is actually a story to go with it rather then just random missions depending on the character you choose in this game your storyline will be different you must sneak through the shadows and kill with stealth , as a true ninja would , if you are a skilled enough warrior of dark and attain the Grand Master ninja you will be rewarded with rare ninja items like flaming arrows , ninja armor and more . You will also be able to find new items scattered amongst the stages . Now when i said it was ` nt a fighting game I meant it at least it is n't meant to be a fighting game but should you be spotted by the enemy you will be forced to fight or flee . ** Hint always run away so you may live to fight another day ** The only times you are forced fight is in boss battles . Be wary that your enemies will be alerted to your presence if you should callously leave a dead body laying around these real life situations combined with enhanced graphics will show you why this is such a good game -LRB- No more being seen through walls YEAH ! -RRB- so just buy the game already
 Who ever said sequels are career-killers ? This game is better then the first one . And I loved the first one , I spent all my free time playing it . Then I got this one for my B-day , and I think I 'm gon na marry it . But I 'm afraid that once I beat the game -LRB- still have n't yet -RRB- , the magic in this relationship will be lost . They definitely need to make a third , and a fourth , and so on . This game needs to continue on like `` The Land Before Time `` s did -LRB- but I did n't like those movies -RRB- .
 This is a GREAT GAME !! I got it 2wks ago.You can make your own missions too.I play it 2-4hrs a day.You should buy it if you did n't . It seems hard at first , but in two days , you 'll get use to it.Try to get cheat codes , its much easier . -LRB- I do n't do it though -RRB- I beated already in three weeks.Just trust me to buy it and not to rent it .
 In Tenchu 2 you use many Ninja style weapons some that were in the original game , others that are new like flaming arrows . You use stealth to sneak up on your enemy and kill him/her without them knowing what hit them ! The game is really bloody for some this might be great for others it might not be all that good . Tenchu 2 comes with a new feature the mission editor , in the mission editor you can create your own levels and place enemies within the levels ! It 's a great feature that makes an already great game even better . All together the game has 29 levels , 3 playable characters -LRB- the two Ninja characters that were in the original game and a new Ninja character -RRB- ,22 weapons , a mission editor , and many hours of fun . For those of you who like games that are based on stealth this is a game you ca n't pass up !
 Tenchu 2 : Birth of the Stealh Assassins is a kind of game which leaves you craving for more long after you have fineshed it . It is a game with a lot of depth and playability.First off , this game is a prequel to the original Tenchu . It 's story is about Rikimaru and Ayame - the two ninjas ` adopted ' by the Lord Godha . There is also has a third ninja named Tatsumaru who fights alongside with the two of them . This explains the story of what happened to Tatsumaru , how all 3 ninjas protected their Lord from traitors and also how Rikimaru got his famous eye-scar . It has around 25 levels -LRB- making it 15 more than the first game -RRB- , with different levels for each of the 3 characters . However , if you 're not happy with the levels in the game , you can create your own level . That 's right , you can place walls , buildings , trees , bushes and other countless objects to perform your assassination in . You can even place guards and design what their pattern of walking will be . You can also make the mission peramiter , like assassination of a person , an escort to keep someone alive , elimate all guards , etc.The game has improved gameplay-wise also . You can now swim in the water and even use a bamboo reed to breathe through it to remain unnoticed . You also have lots of new ninja gadjets to use , like a blowgun , invisibility and different kinds of shurikens . Yes , the game is still very bloody and realistic . But the game is not trying to be some kind of head-blowing , mindless slashing . You must still remain unseen by the guards and be very careful when you commit your ` cold blooded honor ' . Overall , this is a definite buy for your PlayStation . I liked it very much and I suggest you give it a try .
 I would 've given this game a 4 star rating , but you can create your own missions ! If you like stealth games like Metal Gear Solid , then this is for you . You can be two Ninjas ... Rikimaru -LRB- boy -RRB- and Ayame -LRB- girl -RRB- . Your goal is to keep away from the guards ... and kill them without anyone noticing . You can use 22 Ninja Items , some magical -LRB- Vanishing Tree makes you disappear to another place in a flash of leaves -RRB- , some not -LRB- Grappling Hook anyone ? -RRB- . Rikimaru is armed with a deadly Katana and Ayame two daggers . You can do front flips , and back flips , and you can creep along walls . You can crouch so the enemy does n't see you , and you can breath underwater with the help of a bamboo pole . One of the best features of this game is the 1-hit Stealth kill . If you can manage to run up behind an enemy without them noticing , you can kill them silently . Overall a great game , but a little bloody .
 I played Tenchu 1 for the first time about 3 months ago.That got me hooked and I recently bought Tenchu 3 . More great stuff.I did n't buy Tenchu 2 at first since I heard it was inferior to Tenchu 1 ; and Tenchu 2 appears to be only available used.Nevertheless , in reality Tenchu 2 is quite a bit better than Tenchu 1 . Some extras that make Tenchu 2 sweet : - Build your own game levels - if you use the free psx emulator you can download and play levels that other people make . - Graphics are better in tenchu 2 than tenchu 1 . Graphics are significantly better if you play it on the psx emulator since it takes advantage of the full resolution of your modern PC -LRB- I can play it at 1280x1024 on my laptop !!! -RRB- . - Comes with a real tutorial - unlike Tenchu 1 and 3 . The tutorial is weaved into the game where you first practice as an apprentice Ninja on a number of obstacles , before being tested by your master . - Ability to swim and breath under water thru a pipe is cool . - Ability to drag dead bodies to avoid having them be discovered is cool.These last 3 elements make the ninja sim more complete than the other 2 games.Definitely worth getting - new or used . Do n't worry if you ca n't get the documentation on the used versions - the controls are well documented on the web .
 Tenchu 2 is a great game and has far more excellent replay value than expected . I used to play the original Tenchu a lot -- where stealth was n't worth much overall , and hacking and slashing meant more . In Tenchu 2 , the stakes are raised a bit higher in that some missions require COMPLETE stealth in your attempts . I have seen all the levels and they are all incredibly complicated -LRB- but not detailed
 I could n't believe Tehchu 2 did come out a week early . So , I rushed to the store to get this baby . Well , if you like the first one , you do n't want to miss this one . If you do n't own the first one , buy that one first -LRB- it 's cheaper -RRB- :-RRB- . Tenchu 2 is pretty much the same as the first one . But now , you can drag your fallen enemies into the dark or search their bodies for goodies . And there are more stealth-kill moves . The whole area map is not given before-hand , so you will get lost for some time . And there is a story with cool FMV 's ! Other than that , it is still the good old Tenchu . So , get it and hide-and-kill . And `` I WILL SEE YOU IN HELL ! '' -LRB- Onikage , Tenchu 1998 -RRB- Originality
 CD arrived in mint condition . I purchased this as a gift for my lil brother in law and he loved it . He 's a hardcore gamer and it took him 3 weeks to finish this game . He said he loved the game play and he would like more games like this one .
 Tenchu 2 is what I call a good game to play because it offers great stealth combat . You could spend hours playing this game . Yet , if you ever played the first Tenchu then you will see a huge difference in the gameplay which I think takes away from the game . The story is n't very good at all . The best part of this game is the great stealth kills that you can do , and you could spend hours playing this game .
 I 'm a hardcore Tenchu fan and I was counting the days until the release of Tenchu 2 but what I got was twice of what I expected . The original Tenchu was great and anyone new to the game might want this first to see if they like it but overall Tenchu 2 is the better game . To put it in perspective for people familiar with the series think of Tenchu with a real storyline , better levels , loads of cutscenes , a mission editor and the fixed the little problem of when you 're in a stealth kill the Ki meter does n't work so now you can keep tabs on whether a hidden enemy has seen you take out his/her buddy . This is a must have for stealth , Tenchu and ninja game fans .
 Tenchu 2 is excellent in many ways . Like the original , the stealth portion is the main draw of the game . However , the enemy AI in Tenchu 2 improves on the original without resorting to cheap sightings by enemies -LRB- a problem in the original -RRB- . The level design is well done , making the levels seem much more like whole environments instead of blocks layed down by a designer . In fact , just about everything is perfect in this game . Unfortunately , the one blemish is the level editor . This was the main reason I bought the game , as it has the potential to significantly raise the replay value . But , do n't be fooled into thinking that this feature allows you to design a level like the ones you play in the game . You are very limited in what you can do . The maps are limited to 32X32 square sizes , which is much smaller than any level in the game . Elevation differances are limited to 4 different levels -LRB- not counting water -RRB- , which means you ca n't make significantly different floors or high mountains . It still is fully possible to make fun levels , but this and other faults dissapoint the level-editing experience . Still , this is a fun game , and it should be experienced by every playstation owner .
 I was a big fan of Tenchu 1 . Sneaking around , Getting behind the guard , and chopping off his head . My main complaint about it was that it was just too short . Only 10 levels , it only took me two weeks to beat . I soon found out that Tenchu 2 was out , so , like I always do , I rushed out to get it.I soon started playing and I was amazed . The control , while a little hard to get used to , let you do more with your character than in Tenchu 1 . New things such as rolling , big jump and crawling on walls are now used . Also new , were more missions -LRB- 29 in all -RRB- , a third playable character , a killer level editor , and many more stealth kills . Cool.Reviewers hammered Tenchu 2 with its one main flaw , the camera . Yes , the camera was a pain in a lot of areas , but it actually is not that bad after a while . The only time I really had problems with it was during the boss battles . Also , there is some slowdown in some of the missions , but it usually lasts for only a couple of seconds . Also the voice acting , -LRB- while better than the first Tenchu -RRB- is still very bad.Anyway , with all the flaws aside , Tenchu 2 is a lot of fun . You 'll be playing for hours just trying to achieve different kinds of stealth kills . The missions will take you a while to beat , and the replay value is great with the level editor . Pick up this and the first Tenchu . They are definitely worth your time and money .
 Well I played and beat the first tenchu game and i can say that this game is 10 times better . It gives you the life of a ninja in feudal japan close up and personal . THe death scenes are very realistic -LRB- if not overly bloody -RRB- but the stealth is the best part by far . The stealth aspect is done better than metal gear solid , -LRB- although i dont think a games story can ever compare to metal gear -RRB- so all and all i am very impressed with this game .
 I was blown away when i first started playing . New moves , new weapons , a whole lot more variety when it comes ot stealtn fatalities . The graphics are very good , and the enemies are creative and quite entertaining . If you like violence then this is for you . More blood , and death then ever . If you liked Tenchu , then you will surely be astonished by what Tenchu 2 has to ofter . In my mind tha greates game in it 's genre .
 IF YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO FEEL LIKE BEING A NINJA , BUY THIS GAME!IF YOU WANT TO SLIT SOME BAD GUY 'S THROAT , BUY THIS GAME!THIS GAME HAS EVERYTHING , STRATEGY , ACTION , A STORY LINE , AND ANY JAPAN ANIMATION FREAK WOULD LOVE THIS GAME , , , WHETHER YOUR INTO THE TIME AND HISTORY OF WESTERN PHILOSOPY GET THIS GAME , , , , , , BETTER THEN METAL GEAR SOLID , , , WITH THE LEVELS , THE TENCHU FRANCHISE WILL LIVE ON FOREVER !!!
 Well how do you follow up a game that is original , melancholy , and just plain awesome ? Answer you make it more melancholy , even deeper and include a bonus that easily stands among the giants!so how has it been made more deep ? Well through the levels , now they are more than simply one track missions , instead many involve doing multiple objectives in the vein of something like Syphon filter . These things could be find such a person , defend one area of the level , defend such a person and so on ... This makes the levels far longer and more involving , a fantastic accomplishment ! Also the level count has been upped , longer missions and more of them ... I 'd buy that for a dollar!They have also included a new dimesnion in the levels by including the ability to swim ! This sounds very dull and unoriginal at first , but then you realise how clever it is . You see sometimes you have to tread many waterways to find the correct path to the levels end . Something that like mentioned eariler increases depth.The bonus they have also included is essentially a cheat from the original . But do n't turn away ! As this cheat was the fantastic debug mode ! The one where you could develop your own kind of levels ! So you can finish the game but you still have somethingyou can do that essentially lasts forever , the only other game that had anythinglike this was the fantastic driver and it 's movie maker mode.The enemy AI is also still present . The AI that allowed enemies to undertake multiple stances , respond emotionally to the death of a comrade , pick up on noise and detect your presence.There are flaws , the camera still gets a little shaky from time to time and the enemies still can get shaky in-battle . But ignore these niggling problems and concentrate on the epic in hand ! Sneak it from the shelf and into your games collection immediately !
 My brother and I used to play this game CONSTANTLY when it first came out . It 's one of those games that just gets better and better the more you play it . The Mission Editor was a nice addition to the series , as was the ability to swim and conceal your weapons when you do n't need them . Although this game is flawed in some ways -LRB- nothing is perfect -RRB- it 's still a PS1 classic that should be included in any gamer 's collection . And I 'm not just saying that because of nostalgia .
 In the past , I 've owned only `` Tenchu Z '' for the Xbox 360 , so when I found out that the Tenchu franchize stated on the ps1 , I could n't resist . Tenchu 2 is a prequel to the famous original
 wasnt my game just bought it for some one else i guess they loved it .
 Use to play it when I was just a kid , it was amazing then and still is one of my favorites . This game is a great game if you are a Tenchu fan . Its graphics are n't so great and the movement takes some getting used to , but it still is a fun game overall .
 fantastic I like thegame bestever thegrapics are great sound gives a super lifespan defiendnitly best and gameplay hardcorechampion !!! bec ILIke Ninja game ihope they willbe some tenchu4 thats all and god bless yougamemasters
 In my opinion , this game was quite realistic with the backgrounds , the characters , and all the nasty killing . You begin in a training area where you learn all the techniques of a ninja . As you continue through each new level , some of the bad guys change just like the story . There is a secret character that you can play as , but you 'll need a code to get him -LRB- Tatsumaru -RRB- . The little number at the bottom-right hand side of the screen determines how close to an enemy you are . The higher the number , the closer an enemy is . That system is easy to use and very dependable , because then you 'll know where the enemy is , instead of searching for them . Sometimes it gets too dark and difficult to see , but I guess that it 's supposed to be like that for the background . Has some violence , pretty neat graphics , and cool .
 Is a bit better than the first Tenchu , because it has bigger levels , an improved story , and a secret character . Good game , recommended . Also has lots of violence .
 In my opinion Tenchu 2 is the best game of the trilogy , is the ONLY Tenchu game that is SOOO realistic and MORE accessible . Of course , it have some flaws comparing it with the first game.Tenchu 1 : * The stealth kills are VERY realistic but MORE difficult to do . -LRB- The bad guys are SOO suspicious -RRB- . * The combo fighting system is cooler . * The character desing is AWESOME . * You can enable the japanese voices . * You can play a flute to distract the bad guys . * The game follow the REAL code of the ninja -LRB- you do n't have to kill everyone to get the grandmaster rank -RRB- . * Sho Kosugi and his son Kane Kosugi collaborated with the ninja movements in the game . * Some characters like to fight or die in the name of honor . * The missions are kind of harder . * A very good game to remember the BEST decade of videogames -LRB- the 90 's -RRB- . Tenchu 2 : * The graphics and movements are SOOO realistic . * The items are many and MUCH cooler -LRB- you can use the poison darts as a instant steath kill -RRB- . * You can swim or hide underwater . * There are daylight and nightime missions -LRB- mainly nightime -RRB- . * There are no silly magic demons . * You can use a chameleon camouflage instead of a silly bad guy dress . * The story is longer , detailed and MORE emotional . * There are three main characters instead of two . * There is more violence . * More stealth kills . * You can create your own missions . * There are more stages and there are massive . * You can put out your sword anytime you want . * No music on the missions -LRB- which makes the game more realistic -RRB- . I preffer Tenchu 2 because Tenchu
 Tenchu 2
 OK I like all the tenchus thay are cool but this one in my book is the best one of all you pick for two character and a unlock character in this one you can pick how you kill bad guys in a lot of diffrent ways one way you can duck get close behind him hold duck and push square when close try it eny way you can make you very own levels I made some realy cool levels but thats me many people like the 1st one better Thanks for reading !
 This game i love and always will . not many people know about the tenchu series . they are great games and should not be overlooked . tenchu 2 is the story of 3 azuma ninjas who get caught up in battle with the rebellious ninja group the burning dawn . you choose to play as rikimaru or ayame with 10 levels each . plus , also have missions with third character tatsumaru . Good story that is pretty predictable but still fun . needs more missions though .
 Tenchu 2 was a welcome addition to my game library . I considered the original one of my favorites . In the second game the levels are n't more difficult but require different strategies and patience . The only detractor I found in the game were the combat combinations for Ayame and Tetsumaru . Ayame has limited reach and her wild swinging style can cause her to end up with her back to the enemy . This can be a major problem facing a boss . Tetsumaru has a hard hitting combo but if the enemy is not directly in front of him or is pushed to either side of the attack during combat than he has the same problem . It was great to see that each character has separate and unique levels with specialized bosses . This leads the player to be able to play nearly 40 levels between Rickimaru , Ayame , and Tetsumaru including hidden levels found in the options once all levels for each character are completed . These hidden levels are shorter but challenging none the less . The bosses are much tougher than the original and require the use of backflips , side slides and blocking that the average gamer will not take the time to learn . They will therefore get frustrated and quit and blame the game for their inability to perform any function besides hack and slash . If finesse is mastered this game is beautifly designed and a wonderful gameplaying experience .
 This is a great game ! There 's onlysome few details I get irritaited on ! Like , WHERE is the music ??? All the great music from the first game is gone ! No music when u play ... That 's REAL bad . I havent played through the game yet , but , I would like more village levels ! I LOVE to climb houses and run around on the roofs and sneak up on my enemies from above !! But as far as I played , there aint a single village level like thos in the first game ... And the control ... The control is better in the first game . I feel like I got more control over Rikimaru in the first one then in the second . The control aint BAD , but its better inte the first . Test the game before buy . But anyway , its EASY worth 4 stars !
 I waited so long for a sequel of `` Tenchu
 This game being the next installment of the famous PSone Classic TENCHU is awesome and fun . Though in my opinion I did n't like how it was the prequel to the the first . This game is literally the start of our two herons stories , while the first is the aftermath of this game . Honestly I thought the first one had more way to eliminate and to be sneaky than in this one -LRB- i.e. since this was the start of their story I would see that to be case in point -RRB- . Awesome game nonetheless and very happy that I got it before even the used ones turned into expensive hassles . Definitely worth your money for a game !
 this preppy girl loves action . yeah , so what if im not 17 ?! i got this game for my b-day and i love it . i love the storyline , the character -LRB- s -RRB- and the graphics . i dont know why i like this game , im not in to rated R movies , but i do like the martial arts . this game is ` da bomb !!! . i cant begin to explain how great this game is , so im not . u have to play this game on your own . okay ?
 Well i rushed out and bought this the first day out and it was very impressive . The CG cinemas are way better the the ones in Tenchu . You can unlock a third character . This game also features diffrent missions for Rikimaru and Ayame . The mission editor is awesome . this game is definitely a 5 star hit . It also has many new actions like sheatihing and unsheathing your weapon , dragging bodies , stealing items from bodies . Now you can swim in the water and occasionly you will meet up with a great white shark which is really cool . This game is a definite buyer for anyone who liked the first one .
 This new Tenchu game is awsome and packed with new stealth klls and combo moves . It is totaly better than the first tenchu . It all starts out in the past with a new player to fight with Tatsumaru . Awsome new levels and many more of them that would be 42 to be exact . Every character has a different story and better each time . Better graphics more blood and if you like gore theres lots of it , and if you like to be the one dishing it out then why dont you use your item selction screen packed with awsome new weapons to choose from with even my personal favorate the blow gun . Take down the Burning Dawn with your stealth and weapons kick a $ $ like youve never kicked before . Thats why this game deserves a 5 two thumbs up plus fingers this game rocks !
 This is by far my favorite playstation game ever . Tenchu 2 captures the true art of the ninja perfectly . Gameplay has improved much since the original . ALso , the storyline is much better . This is my favorite video game ever . I love it .
 Wow I enjoyed this game . After going through trival boring game after game this one has made being a game freak worthwhile again . If you love just plain killing and the whole ninja lifestyle this is the game for you . Using your grapping hook to sneak up on your poor enemies , stealh kills and sword play like I have never seen before except for in the original Tenchu . This game is GOOD . The violence in this makes Mortal Kombat look like day care with it realisticness Do n't take my word for it buy it and become addicted like I did .
 I bought this game a week ago I think , Well this game has improved alot over the first game now you have 7 stealth moves and the graphics are crisper well If you like Stealth You will love this game , and you get to pick three characters .
 if you like ninja games this is the game for you.You can swim and breath through a bamboo pole.and new dalight missons .
 Micro Maniacs Racing was the first game I got for my PS1 about 3 years ago . I decided to try Time Trial first because I was sure I would absolutely reek at the game . The game 's controls are frustrating at first , but you grow to like them . First timers might think this game is stupid because of the controls and how much they stink . I know this because my friends all said that . After you get the controls down , you realize this is a great game . It is kinda hard to win the Championship or whatever the heck it 's called , but racing against 4 of your friends in the Time Trial mode is fun . My favorite character is Beatbox , because he 's a beatbox . I like beatboxes . I was surprised to see that Mesme , the little alien was a girl , because she sorta looks like a boy . When you set the game to Maniac level , geez those guys go fast . But , why the heck can you not take shortcuts without you getting blobitized -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- and having to start somewhere else again . Sharp turns are hard to do especially when you 're trying to go really fast . This game is hard and not for little kids because of the hard controls , but overall I like it . The graphics look just fine on a Playstation 1 standard and the sound and music are pretty good . It 's one of the games I like to play without the radio blocking out the sound . The attacks are hilarious and are n't too hard to do . It does n't have very bad controls when it comes to attacking , but moving your little maniac can be very frustrating . So , I 'd recommend this game to anyone who does n't care about bad controls .
 We all are probably familar to micro machines.You drive a car thru places like kitchens and bathrooms.Well Micro Maniacs is for walking.Don ' t think it 's boring.You get these cool special attacks you can use.You pick power ups on the ground and collect them.You can train your player in 1 player mode too.Who thought a racing game could be like an RPG.You could turn Twisters Yo-Yo into the chainsaw yo-yo -LRB- My cuz hates for using this -RRB- . The graphics are beautiful.You could use the background for advantage.The music is very good.This one level sounds like Butterfly from DDR.Go buy it it 's only 10 dollars .
 This is an awesome game . You can choose from a variety of little freaks with powers ranging from sending little ghosts which reverse a racers controls to fireball farts wwhich evaporate a racer . This adds an element of excitement to the game but the best thing is the course . You have to hop over knives , ride bees over a garden , run through croquet hoops and even run over a man having a bypass operation . The graphics are fabulous and it offers up to 8 player play . The only problem is the controls are a bit slippery and your characters slide around a bit . But all in all it is a fabulous game !
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! After two uses , this guitar broke . The whammy bar stopped working , and the colors were not working properly . This stinks . Do not waste your time or money on this miniature collossal piece of crap .
 Mega Man Anniversary Collection takes the original 8 Mega Man games , throws in two arcade Mega Man games -LRB- one unrealesed in the USA until now -RRB- and combine them all to form one hell of a great Mega Man package . Then Capeven added Navi mode to all eight games -LRB- something that was added later in the series , and can be turned off if you want to play them as they originally were -RRB- added re-mixed music , and added in a save feature to replace the pass codes from the old games . The XBOX version included the extras from both the PS2 and the GCN version -LRB- PS2 version included a full episode of the Mega Man cartoon and the GCN version icluded an interview with the creator of Mega Man -RRB- Because of the fact that the XBOX version includes the extras from both the others , makes this the best one to get .
 This is a great revival of all the first megaman games . I thought I had lost all the old NES ones forever , but this collection brings them back and does a great job with it . Definitely worth buying if you 're a diehard Megaman fan .
 For those who grew up in the late eighties and early nineties , the Mega Man series on the NES was synonymous with the very concept of video gaming . Mega Man is an icon from the early years of the modern age of gaming , and is as famous and beloved as even the most revered video game idol of that era . Of course , the Mega Man name has continued to this day in various equally awesome forms -LRB- heck , in recent years , we 've even gotten the incredible retro 8-bit sequels to the original series in the forms of 9 and 10 ! -RRB- . However , it all started here.This collection contains Mega Man 1-8 . One through six were on the Nintendo Entertainment System , 7 was a Super Nintendo title , and 8 was on the playstation . All of them are virtual platforming run-and-gun perfection . The classic , non-linear formula of choosing between eight robot masters , traversing their uniquely designed levels full of enemies and death traps , and then engaging in epic duels with said masters really has not aged a bit since its introduction nearly 25 years ago . The whole dynamic of getting a special attack for Mega Man 's repitoire stolen from vanquished bosses and then using them against other bosses who are weak against specific weapons is so addicting and dynamic . It 's amazing how well it has held up . These games are timeless . It 's also interesting to see the progression of refinement of the series over its history . It is worth noting that this series earns its reputation for being hard as nails . It does n't get a whole lot more hardcore than Mega Man , and the satisfaction you 'll get from finally completing a task that took you multiple tries and lots of times practicing and memorizing patterns is truly exhilarating . In addition to the perfect gameplay , you also get the charming story behind Mega Man to entertain you , some genuinely classic art design that hearkens back to a classical era of anime entertainment , and the absolutely incredible soundtracks that turned the term `` chiptunes '' into an art form . Yes , this is an incredible package.Also included are many bonuses such as concept art , interviews with the creators of Mega Man , and various other little additions . The Xbox version has the bonus content of both the Gamecube and PS2 version of the collection , making it the definitive one to get , if you do n't mind the controller . It works pretty well , from my experience . You also get a turbo fire button , which is certainly helpful in certain situations in gameplay , if you do n't mind breaking the `` true classic '' experience . Also included are two arcade fighting titles that have never really seen the light of day here . They 're quite fun , recreating classic Mega Man boss battles with much higher graphical prowess than the NES could afford.Some of my earliest gaming memories are of beating down the minions of the nefariousness Dr. Wily . This collection was a nostalgic dream-come-true for me , but in all honesty , these games have truly retained their freshness despite the obviously aged systems they were designed for . Personally , I find the 8-and-16-bit systems to be incredible charming today , so the sounds and visuals do n't bother me a bit . What is amazing is that the gameplay is just as amazing as it was when Mega Man 2 came out and changed the gaming world forever , or when 3-6 refined and expanded that gameplay further , or when 7 made it a 16-bit series , or when 8 was able to utilize the power of optical media on the PSX in 1996 . Mega Man is just a wonderful franchise in gaming . It encompasses the very spirit upon which gaming itself was founded , making it not only one of the greatest series in the golden age of video gaming , but of all-time . Buy this collection , transport yourself to the time of 20XX , and fight the epic battle of a young robot boy hero named Rock against the sinister evil of Dr. Wily .
 Mega Man is so awesome . jump shoot and run right . maga man 8 has a couple sprite problems on the 360 , but besddies that it 's awesome .
 I grew up playing Mega Man . This compilation allows me to experience all of the classics from my childhood and the Super Nintendo and PlayStation releases . This original Xbox title works fine on the Xbox 360 as long as you have a hard drive and internet to update your 360 .
 If you liked all the Mega Man 's from the 80 's and the 90 's then get this collection . The gameplay is awesome and once you play for awhile it seems like you 're playing NES or SNES . This game will keep you busy for hours and there are unseen bonuses . I 've only finished Mega Man 5 so far but I opened a half hour long episode featuring the creator of Mega Man after doing so , and that alone was well worth the price .
 I loved these games on NES , it 's so much fun to play them again . If you want a slight upgrade , the Navi mode allows for a remix of the music and helps you on the way . For the most part these games remain untouched . While we had to wait 9 months longer for the release on X-Box , it was worth the wait . These games are great ! Worth the $ 20 !
 Personaly i was getting sick of the same 3d shooters all the time and wanted to try something else , As a fan of old school games , the second I saw this I got it . When it came I was not dissapointed , the game was in good condition and the gameplay is awsome .
 i love that this game has every mega man ever made all in one game . you can go from the very first mega man to the latest .
 Anyone who grew up in the late 80s or 90s with an NES will remember Mega Man , no questions asked . He 's the fella that packed a punch ; behind his cute face and bright blue helmet lurked a vast pool of powerful skills . His Mega Buster did well in battle , but he really soared as he acquired the weapons of his fallen enemies , and used them to more easily conquer other foes . Mega Man is the robot creation of one Dr. Light , a kindly scientist who once created robots for completing tasks that humans did n't wish to do . When the mad Dr. Wily began to become jealous of Dr. Light 's work , he was known to create batches of robots - usually eight at a time ! - and set them off to take over the world . When this crazy doctor started to do this , Dr. Light countered by creating the beloved Mega Man . This Anniversary collection chronicles eight separate waves of Dr. Wily 's minions in their complete , original glory , just as they were so many years ago . The first six games were exclusive to the Nintendo Entertainment System , while Mega Man 7 debuted on the Super Nintendo and Mega Man 8 was exclusive to the PlayStation . It is interesting to note just how good each of these games has held up over the years - the graphics of all were quite impressive for their time and look good today still , especially the latter two entries ; the music in a number of the games is downright excellent , and the gameplay is perfectly classic . Jumping into a game , for those of you not familiar with the process , leads to a a selection screen . Although this varies from game to game , most featured eight robot heads with names such as Cut Man , Guts Man , Heat Man , Top Man , Snake Man , and Bubble Man . Picking a level launches that robot 's level , which must be traversed successfully before finishing off the robot that rules over that area . Those of you who have played Mega Man games will also recall a nifty secret
 I think this collection is a must for any Mega Man fan or anyone who wants to experience this classic series . My only complaint about this series is that I think these games are n't good for the Xbox controller and should be played on the original NES -LRB- I found this true with Mega Man X too -RRB- because this controller makes it harder and not as fun . But these are great games and a great collection , it 's just not a fun without the NES controller ; I still think it 's definitely worth the purchase though .
 This is one of the most inovative products I 've ever played with ! ... well , not the cord itself , but the link capibility between your gamecube and gameboy advanced ! Played Metroid Prime or Fusion ? Maybe you have , but you hav n't experienced it all until you 've linked your GBA to your Gamecube ! You can unlock the original Metroid ! Played Animal Crossing ? Not until you 've designed your own cloths through your Gameboy , or played the fun little mini games ! These are just a few games that take advantage of the link cable . Other games like Zelda , the Wind Waker , and the future Final Fantasy
 Does not link gamecube and gameboy advance sp . The harvest moon game A wonderful life only links with Gameboy advance . not sp . I did not know this until I tried linking -LRB- A wonderful life and Friends of mineral town -RRB- with my Gameboy advance SP and My gamecube . The Game A wonderful life clearly states -LRB- on the back of the game in upper left corner -RRB- Gameboy Advance Compatible . :-LRB- My mistake , I thought I could use my Gameboy Advance SP To link up . unfortunetly I do not have a Gameboy Advance . So I can not link my games .
 this gameboy advance was a gift for my 7 yr . old grandaughter . She spends hours having fun . A great game .
 Despite a shipping error , the vendor quickly responded to an email and immediately shipped the correct item . Additionally , they did not even require that I return the original item shipped . All is very well.Wes
 I purchased this game and I like it a lot . It 's great . You run tests on the patient , make a diagnosis , and treat them . It even has a spot where the nurse can give you prompts if your unsure what to do next .
 Being a person who might want to become a doctor one day , this game was fun and educational . I learned a lot about diagnosis and what to do for different cases . The cases were intersting and the `` pressure is on '' . Fun for everyone . VERY ADDICTIVE !
 I enjoy watching the TV show ER . So that has inspired me to learn all that I can about disease and being a doctor . When I heard about this game , I just HAD to get it . So I have been playing this game , It 's diffucult and has some Sassy personality . But it really encourages you to do EVERYTHING right , and that is how it has to be in real life . The one thing that I ca n't stand is exactly how to do some discharge and get points , because it is n't mentioned anywhere .
 I remember playing this game when my father got it for his computer . It was a lot of fun , so when I saw it on Amazon , I wanted to get it for myself . The description said it was good for Windows , so I ordered it . What I did not realized was Windows and Windows 7 was not the same thing . Amazon told me that I could return it , so I did . It is a challenging game , but remember , it is old and quite expensive . Be careful to check out the operating systems that the software is able to run with . I learned the hard way .
 Picked this up on the cheap for $ 8 with free shipping . I had n't played X-Box in a while and felt like being nostalgic for college . This game was perfect for that .
 I bought this game a while back but , did n't give it a full chance . I saw some trailers and got in the mood for the game again . I 'm enjoying it on my 360 . The first level was a great idea in which you start the last epic scene of Scarface and basically play out the alternative ending.Tony Montana definetaly feels like Tony . The voice acting is great and you can taunt people and start up random conversations with Tony and pedestrians . The attitude and persona of Scarface is captured . I 'm impressed by how many lines he has.The game is basically building back your empire and reputation . You sell drugs , make drug deals , defend your turf , take over towns and etc. . The more you buy the better you reputation . You wan na take back Miami.The aiming is pretty good and the gun play is fun . One of my knocks on the game is that there 's a lot of random driving . There 's a lot of narrow bridges and it gets annoying at times driving back and forth with the way the maps are contructed . The graphics are solid for a 2006 game but , if your playing it on your 360 then there 's obviously going to be a huge difference between Scarface and GTA IV . Ca n't expect much from an original xbox game.Other negative is that it can feel a bit repetitive doing similar things over and over again . Still the sense of building the empire is what makes it satisfying along with the Tony Montana character.For $ 20 or below I do recommend this title to any Scarface fans that wan na live out the alternative ending of the movie . If you just finished watching Scarface and suddenly have the urge to play a video game related to the movie then you wo n't be disappointing . Will fill your cravings .
 The product arrived in a short period of time and was as the seller described.This game was purchased for my older son & he could not be happier with it 's condition & quality . A greast buy !! I recommend the seller
 this game is a game that i played on ps2 before so i new i would like it on xbox i would recommend it to my friends and family to play the game came came in great condition and looked like new i will buy more games and other things from amazon in the future
 Bloody filled with drugs and you ca n't go more then 15 seconds without hearing the F word.This game is really fun and will last you a long time .
 Tony Montana lives to fight another day . Not a normal movie game , a good story picks up the bullets for a cocaine cowboy.Picking up very close to the movie 's end , the drug empire dream of Tony Montana has come to an end . Sosa , a rival drug pin king commences a hostile takeover of Montana 's property , leaving Tony with nothing but some bullet holes and the shirt on his back . Reemerging with the aid of underworld contacts , Tony starts to retake Miami , continuing the story by revisiting familiar scenery . Everything is here , Freedom Town , the hotel room , the chainsaw , the nightclub , the cars , the weapons , clothing plus the yayo ; fitting in the story with respect to the classic film . Montana is just as he was in the film , violent & pissed ; he 's still both and then some with the ever growing hunger for revenge . The story is n't very original but is perfect for a follow-up , despite the movie ending change.Play does match that of the Grand Theft Auto series . Random citizens ca n't harmed , only run over , however in each city four district gangs scattered over twenty different locations are waiting for a surprise hello from Tony 's `` little friend '' . Montana must also rebuild his image by meeting coke -LRB- no Pepsi -RRB- suppliers for product only to distribute around to small dealers , transactions are a simple mini-game of a rotating the dial to the correct area for maximum payoff and the same with police bribes . Drug running aside , there is profit to be had in purchasing neighboring business which can also be used as drug fronts , which in turn must be protected from rival gangs , ranking up a body count unleashes rage mode , a short , invincible period where Montana can take on an army . That 's all there is to be had , meet the supplier , get the product , give it to the street dealers , shoot rival gang members , buy some property , simple and the same for all districts and locations , very slowly will you make it to Sosa.Looks and sounds are good . Not `` Vice City '' colorful , the city does look nice ; some areas are better looking than others just not worthy of a second drive thru . Tony sounds just like Tony , all the characters from the movie sound like they originally should , though many do n't appear because of the film events.Targeting is a little different than other titles , the target will move out of the line of fire which leads to plenty of missed target or sudden deaths , an easy approach to this problem is quickly holding/releasing the targeting trigger . Car controls are a little stiff ; cars do n't turn on a dime leading to more than a few car crashes while shooting from vehicles is n't much better than simply ramming into a fleeing enemy.The World is Yours is a good game given the fact that it throws the general rules of following a movie out the window . Picking up more like the second half , it does deliver on the promise
 Personally I would have LOVED to see Tony Montana in a Next-Gen gaming experience because that would have made an enormous difference to what this one has . The reality in the game would have been to die for . I paid for more than what I expected and am glad I bought here because this game is very hard to find now-a-days . I 'm very happy with my purchase !!
 I have to say that this seller is the greatest . This game was brand new in a factory sealed box for less than others sell the disc only and used . Purchased for a friend , he was shocked when he opened it up and the original seal on the case was still intact . I ca n't review the game as I 've never played it , but amazon 's sellers are the best .
 Ahhh ... Finally I got my hands on this game . Well , let me just say , it exceeded my expectations . The grahics , are stupendous . -LRB- for an original xbox game -RRB- I love the game play to it too . Some people are dissapointed you can just gun down random pedestrians , -LRB- like grand theft auto -RRB- but it dose n't bother me any . Because if you 've seen the movie , Tony Montana never did kill pedestrians ! So , to make this short , buy it ... its PIMPIN.And a shout out to all you hatas out there , THIS IS NOT A GTA SPIN-OFF ! It 's quite different .
 This game has a lot in common with the GTA series . Sandbox gameplay , boosting cars and making your fortune . The graphics are dated , but still pretty good . There is n't much in the way of side missions and get repetative , but all in all , a very good game .
 It is a good first person game . Any who liked the movie will like this game . I recommend it .
 My son seems to love this game , he 's 16 and very hard to please , but is always playing it . Thanks .
 i have to say that the universe of scarface is more than ten years old that the vice city rockstar theme , and all of story , scenes and world was entirely ripoff of this classic . inclusively the original soundtrack was included in gta 3 in the flashback radio station . then who steal who ? . this game is fantastic and full of fun , and is way better than recently over hyped games like Just cause .
 I truly believe Scarface
 While the game engine is similar to GTA , Scarface is not trying to be GTA . It is made by a totally different company and tries to do its own thing . For example , if you love to run around and kill innocent bystanders , you wo n't like scarface . This game is built around killing enemies & earning money power and respect.Some parts of the game are even better than GTA . In a shootout , the targetting system is much better and requires some more skill . You can actually aim at their heads and blow them off , or shoot their arms to disable them . In vehicles , it 's even more impressive because you actually need to use skill and aim . Unlike in GTA where you just hit the target button and pull the trigger and you 're pretty much guaranteed to hit the enemy.As far as missions go , the skill level and fun factor is about the same as GTA . I really like how you can become Tony 's enforcer , driver , or assassin and complete missions as these different characters to build Tony 's empire . It adds some variation and lets you expand on what you enjoy in the game . For example , if you like to shoot and kill , do the enforcer missions ... like driving , do the driver missions , and snipers can do assassin missions.I also like how you do n't have to protect all your property all the time . Just hire thugs for a few grand and they will defend your turf for you so you can do more important missions and get money and coke to build your empire.The map is n't as large as GTA San Andreas ' , but it is still pretty darn big -LRB- about the size of Vice city ... heck it 's actually Miami -RRB- . Overall , this game might seem like another GTA , but it 's a whole new level of action shooter and much more involved in my opinion .
 First , the guy who said it 's a Grand Theft Auto rip off does n't know what he 's talkig about . Grand Theft Auto actually ripped off the movie in so many ways , just take a look at GTA
 This is a really good game . The score in particular is excellent . As of this writing , it is now officially backwards compatible with the XBOX 360 . What are you waiting for ? Buy this !
 i loved the movie Scarface ... and i think this game is the Ultimate Compliment to the film . the depiction of the mansion is like icing on the cake . and whoever they got to mimic Tony Montana 's voice did an EXCELLENT job . some of the things said in this game are just hilarious . basically , all you do is sell dealers the drugs , collect the money and store it in the bank . wash , rinse , repeat ... but its got so much flare from the movie , you wont get tired of it . i recommend this to anyone who liked the movie and has an xbox ... or if your just unpleased with GTA4 : l pick this up.i rank this up there with GTA : SA and The Godfather , you should be able to find a copy on ebay ... iLL .
 The game works and plays great ! Scarface was a great movie now a great game ! The town of Miami is a same in the game as on real life !
 My son loves this game.He wishes he could be this tough.I mean this guy was a bad-axx . I think every man wishes they can be this crazy and get away with it .
 grand theft auto is copying scarface because scarface came out in the early 80 's and grand theft auto 's first game came out in the late 1990 's . scarface game may not be the best story over grand theft auto but its way more original than any grand theft auto .
 Theres genius in this game , really is . I love the storyline , building back up the montana empire after his supposed death is awesome . Also you have plenty of action and ammo , cheats are available if thats your bag . The only thing holding back a 5 star rating for me is the driving . If you want to turn around from a dead stop , good luck . Turning while on a boat is agonizing , you have to completely release the turn stick and begin turning again . You have to power slide with the handbrake to turn anywhere in the car . Cops are a pain as well , theres no chase involved , if you go too long without losing them , your dead.Overall , the action and storyline are topnotch . If you love scarface then this is for you . Just prepare for the anguish of driving missions
 The game was in good shape , a little scratched , but does not interfer with the game play . Would purchase from this buyer again .
 This game is so fun , I love it and you can always find new things to do in the game .
 i didnt even get the game yet i ordered it 4 days ago and its still not here ... :-LRB- i will leave a riview when i get the game but for now im mad ... : -LRB-
 I bought my game when it first came out . I was hoping that the game would n't be another GTA rip off , and in soem parts it may come out like that , but when you play through the game itself you realize that it has a different feel to it . It was pretty amazing ruight off the back . some of the controls can get thrown at you real quickly but it will get easier with practice . You ca n't rush into the game though . Take your time and learn the controls . As for missions , it may take a little while to get one but they are worth it.There really is n't much of free range in the game , but remember that its Scarface . You are taking the proper steps to get to the top again.The language is rough , but rememebr the movie?Looking for a good action game ? Try Scarface . Its a good one .
 i found the product very affordable then the going price and it was delivered promptly .
 If you like Grand Theft Auto & completing missions this game is for you !
 el juego me lo recomendo un ni & ntilde ; o en la tienda ... no sabia nada sobre el juego o la pelicula y lo compre . . sin duda desde el inicio es pura accion quede loco ... a medida que lo juegas se hace mas interesante e adictivo ... SIN DUDA ESTA ENTRE LOS MEJORES 5 JUEGOS QUE HAYA JUGADO EN LA VIDA ... jajaja saludos
 Finally got this game from 5 star gaming and it is great . He said the game is alot of fun . Thanks 5 star gaming for sending a great used game that works .
 Obviously , anyone expecting a GTA product with Tony Montana as the protagonist will be disappointed , even crushed . But that is not what this game is , sorry . Not what it is meant to be . Think the movie ; only what if he had NOT been shot to pieces in the end , what if he -LRB- or you , controlling him -RRB- had managed to force an escape?Criminality ensues . Violence . Vengeance -LRB- closing some of the thin plots in the original screenplay -RRB- . Lewdness ? Yep . Profanity ? Yep . Lots and Lots . There really are no missions beyond the main missions -LRB- other than money-making ones , or time-based missions when enemy groups try to take your territory ala Vice City Stories -RRB- but somehow that is no detraction . The story is so involving that you do n't care one whit . In fact , the only real disappointment in this game is when all the missions are over , and you realize the story is finally done . Only then will you put it down.It 's just beautiful to go around town as Tony Montana , hitting on women and blasting holes in men ; every bit as satisfying as you 've heard.But of course , there are a few negatives
 Ordered this game a month ago ... still have n't received it . I have played this game before so I 'm rating the play on that fact ...
 This game is the best free roaming game i ever played . Plus u get to be Tony Montana ! The most bad ass gangster ever . It takes place at the end of the film when he gets shot down , but instead of dying , he gets away and u go from there and rebuild the wealth . This game is amazing .
 this game is so fun . i could play it all day . after you beat it , it kind of gets boring . but besides that it is fun . also very hard . you might have to use cheats alot near the end . here are two.medik = refils your healthtburglr = fixes your car
 Scarface
 this game is AMAZING . i literally play this game non-stop for four hours . -LRB- in a good way -RRB- this game is so fun and when you get to pimp out your mansion , it 's great . you buy cool boats , and cool cars . great game
 PLOT
 CHEAT CODES MAKE THIS GAME SO MUCH BETTER . I GOT THIS FOR MY BOYFRIEND AND I LOVE IT TOO . THE COUPLE THAT SHOOTS TOGETHER . . STAYS TOGETHER !
 this game is soo cool !!! yes the voice actor for tony montana is cheesy , and it doese n't beat GTA.It 's the brother of GTA.oh , and the kid who said `` this game sucks cause it 's too violent like GTA `` YOU SUCK !!!!!!!
 This is a great game with a great storyline . The question arose about the story being gofy and that you start off at the end of the movie , that it was retarded . Well ... let me say this , would it help that if they did do the game like that were you had to work your way all the way up to the top . . you died . Would you really play a game where it was based off the exact movie , and you played the sotryline and knew how it ended . You know , why would anyone play the game if it had been like that . They 'd just stop and watch the movie , and be like ` okay I beat te game , time to trade it in . ' No , but seriously grow up and buy this gae , you wont be sorry at ALL ! The story is fantastic and the graphics are okay , but it 's TONY freaking MONTANA ! What other game lets you be Tony Montana ? Vice City tried and overcame the T.M. style of character but this is the real deal Tony Montana . Buy it , you wont be disappointed .
 If You saw the movie you would most likey undersatnd the story that goes on the game . if you did n't you would not have a clue who the hell is sosa and why tony hates him . but the original voice actor Al Pacino is not there but some other similar to pacino is there . so see the movie first and play the game . 100 % pure Fun ! but i would recommend this to a 13 year mature boy
 This is the best game ever ! have played a lot of them but this one is the most fun , have already bought 2 of them . It is real to life . LOVE IT ! If you loved the movie you will love this game .
 When i moved out of my house and let my sons mother stay , she refused to give me back my PS2 and my Scarface game . So i bought the game again and another PS2 -LRB- why not have a ps2 and ps3 ?? lol -RRB- just to keep playing this game . Any gamer thats a scarface fan , or have ever even seen and loves the movie , this is a must have game . Old school all the way !!
 Scarface is a fun gta but on lower level type video game . it is fun to play , but can be difficult to beat towards the end . -LRB- very difficult -RRB- . Funny Audio , Many Famous voices , Great Soundtrack . Easy to play . I hate the fact when you have to run back and fourth to defend a territory . But once your on top no hassle .
 This is an awesome tribute to one of the perhaps most extreme and well made , specially regarding the script , movies -LRB- by maestro O. Stone -RRB- ever . Just watching the Pacino dude in the game is just funny , not to mention his dialogues , the ways to increase his energy -LRB- BALLS !! -RRB- , i.e.
 scarface should have been the next GTA game alot of ppl have compared the two and with good reason both are great games but scarface goes much farther with the badd lanuage so this game surely isnt for minors one reviewer said there no free roam in this game which i find to be wrongtheres times when your surpose to met your girlfreind or have to buy a store front and i ran around making drugs deals and killing off gang members instead and do the missions when i feel like it but of course theres only so much u can do without doing a mission and moving on the cars are a little tricky to handle but once you get how they hangle youll find yourself doing amazing spin outs only bad thing i can think to say about this game is that tony doesnt jump he run walks and swim even shots behind himself while running away from a situation and that the grenade launcher really sucks your better off not using it unless you get the hang of how the grenade arches when its shot instead of going straight to its target so youll end up shooting over and just behind your target but scarface has great replay value i cant say enough bout how fun tis game is heres a example . . during one chase and shot scene i spun my car around and drove backwards while shooting the van in front of me via Mr and Mrs Smith style plus they have some of the coolest music ive heard in a game in a long while so get Scarface today or Tony will introduce you to his little freind
 Wow ! This is a great ride . The graphic are awesome ! This game definetly keeps your interest and has twists and turns everywhere ! This is fun you do n't want to miss !
 its very good game and play alike be crime . . since great game from godfather too . . i like both of games . .
 Ok I was hesitant I must say to purchase this game due to the abundance of haters leaving reviews . But when amazon decided to sell it for 25 dollars for a couple days I jumped on it . I must say this is my favorite game Ive played all year . My review is somewhat biased I will admit because I am a huge fan of the movie but I still loved it nonetheless . Creating a story of what would have happened if tony didnt die was brilliant and very well done . Whoever said that they hated this game cuz it didnt have freeplay is an idiot . Of course youre supposed to follow the story thats how games are supposed to work . Word of advice though do not buy this for your children unless you allowed them to see the movie because the violence and profanity is just as bad maybe worse but besides that its amazing .
 Wonderful Game but not for kids ! I bought it for a 28 year old kid and he loves it . . Great shipping time also
 Scarface The World Is Yours -LRB- Vivendi Games -RRB- was one of the most hyped videos games of 2006 . Following the success of the Godfather game , people could n't wait to get their hands on the Scarface game especially when some reviewers said it was as good or better than the Grand Theft Auto Games.The game takes on a what if scenario , i.e. , what if Tony Montana did n't die at the end of Scarface but instead loses everything and has to rebuild his empire.First I will start off with an important matter -- player control and movement . In comparison to past Vivendi/Universal games I will say that the player control and movement is very good . Next up weapons . I personally felt like the aim and shooting ability could have been vastly improved . According to the tutorial you press L1 to target and R1 to shoot but they failed to mention you must use the analog stick to aim your weapon . Maybe you do n't , maybe it was just me , this is n't in the instructions but I found more success when I used the analog stick in conjunction with the L1 and R1.As the game begins you are in your mansion facing a hail of gunfire from enemies . At the top of your balcony you must shoot enemies . Then came my first moment of `` oh this is n't as much of a free world at Grand Theft Auto , '' when I tried to descend the left side of the staircase I could n't get down it . It 's like there was an invisible forcefield . Perhaps you need to kill a certain amount of enemies before you can descend down the left stairs . I made my kills and then descended down the right side of the staircase to take on the remainder of the enemies.There is a function named blind rage that comes out when you press a button on the controller . This function makes Tony temporarily invincible . When he dies , on the screen it says `` You f*cked up . '' That is just one example of the cursing in the game . The F word is used so much in this game that as an adult I wish there would have been a filter to change the language setting . I literally had to play the game on mute because of all of the foul language.Scarface-The World is Yours is a fun game if you like violent games . I will point out that as a gamer Rock Star Games has spoiled us terribly . In Scarface-The World Is Yours you pretty much have to stay on the mission or there is n't much to do . In the past five years the Grand Theft Auto series has given us the ability to perform street races , visit the shooting range , import vehicles , gamble , dance , work out , or just walk around and mess things up when we are n't on a mission . In Scarface-The World is Yours you basically have to stay on mission . There is n't too much extra to do when you are n't on a mission . Sometimes as game player I get tired of shooting so much and just want to take a break and do something different.I strongly suggest buying the Prima Games strategy guide . It definitely unlocks the full potential of the game . Scarface-The World Is Yours overall is a fun game , but it still does n't give the game player that total free open world experience that some of the GTA games do . But yeah , get the strategy guide , it gives the player something to look forward to .
 This is an excellent game . Do n't compare it to GTA . It is a lot of fun , and I have logged over 50 hours of gameplay . Great fun killing gangs and drug dealers . Weapons are fun , and the Scarface character is portrayed very well.I love this game .
 I liked how many cheat codes are available for this game . It made it so much more enjoyable .
 This is one of the best games I 've ever played . It is host to some of the most exciting moments in gaming , and what character could be more fun than Tony Montana ? The game play is like that of the Grand Theft Auto games . It 's extremely violent , bloody and graphic . Do yourself a favor and at least once go into a blind rage with a running chainsaw in your hands , lopping off the heads of enemy gangsters while you scream at them like Tony Montana screams at the end of the movie.This game rules , and it has a lot of great replay value . The soundtrack is particularly fun as well featuring mostly music from the 80 's .
 I know this game has been out for awhile , but I had a PS2 for a few months recently since I was poor and kind of sheltered growing up from the world of console gaming ... and I figured I 'd come on here and review a few games from that experience . In all the games I purchased for the system , this one was by far my favorite . I 'd like to state for the record , however , that I am NOT a GTA fan . I now have a PS3 and GTA 4 is the only one of the series that I could actually play without getting pissed off at the poor combat controls and incessant run-ins with the police . I would have enjoyed those games if not for those two major aspects , which is why games like Scarface
 I bought this game for my son and he absolutely loves it !!!!! As always , Amazondelivers quality goods in a timely manner . It ` s all good with Amazon.com . Keep up the good work !!!!!
 One of the best games ever made for PS2 ! definitely not for children , though !!
 this is the perfect game , everything is great . the storyline takes place , with you surviving sosa 's assassination attempt pn tony , the `` say hello to my little friend '' part to the layperson . your goal is to take back EVERYTHING , including your mansion , fronts , eliminating rival gangs , and eventually , killing sosa , and the others that betray you.the gameplay is great , the graphics , weapons , and most things . there are basically only 3 set backs , when people talk -LRB- not in cutscenes -RRB- , it looks like their mouths are n't moving , but in cutscenes they do . the voice of antonio montana , was not al pacino but was personally selected by him , and if you are trapped in the deep ocean , swimming far deep into the ocean , scary sharks eat you when you are n't aware.but overall , this is a great game , some missions are hard , so i 've inclosed the working cheatsMEDIK - Refill HealthAMMO - Refill AmmoFPATCH - fill balls meter -LRB- sell for cash at the sperm bank , or activate rage -RRB- TBURGLR - Repair Tony 's Vehicle -LRB- Boat or car , you have to be in it to use -RRB- NOBALLS - decrease gang heat
 I really like this game . If anyone is a fan of Tony Montana and his `` say hello to my little friend '' catchphrase and also if you are a fan of Grand Theft Auto , you should get this game . I have just finished playing up to when he starts to get his empire up and running but let me tell you , the game is funny because you can walk up to a girl and watch tony hit on her . There is alot of action and you can shoot people and beat them up and then you can run from the cops . The story of the game might as well be the sequel , if tony had actually turned around and shot the guy who would kill him in the first movie . The voice of Tony Montana is not Al Pacino but Al Pacino chose the guy to take on the role . So buy this game if you are a fan of Tony Montana and say hello to my little friend .
 Still a classic , al pacino is the man and always will be in my eyes
 I liked Scarface the movie , but the game brings you deeper in depth and basically lets you do what you want , steal what you want , kill who you want and destroy what you want , the world is yours . Some people that are huge G.T.A. Vice City buffs say that Scarface copied the theme and storyline of Vice City and is just a remake of it , but on the other side , the people that say this have OBVIOUSLY never seen the movie and saw that it copies the movie , and also that Scarface did what Grand Theft Auto
 Scarface the world is yours is a really great game with a really good story of what would happen if tony would have lived.This game is really fun to play and its better than GTA.This game is a must buy
 this was okay but its like GTA but with a crazy spanish dude . Ive gotten board of this game quickly , your just running around like a maniac and blowing stuff up well that 's how he is , but it was okay the story mode was okay to but it gotten boring after awhile like GTA games all you doing is blowing stuff up and shooting and beating up other people and the police gets envoled then they start chaseing you , thats it that really gets boring but this was an okay game .
 If you are a Scarface fan then this is a good game . While there are areas that are easy to beat , it makes up for it in the harder areas to beat .
 This game is on top of it 's game to me . . I play it real often and enjoy it alot . 5stars for this game , go and get yours
 This was purchased for my son and he really does enjoy the game . He and his friends play it often . It has many different angles and it really holds their interest .
 I bought this game as a Father 's Day gift for my husband . I can not begin to tell you what a pleasure it was watching him play it while imitating Scarface 's voice . he got a kick out of it too .
 I gave this to my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves it ! It has all the car-stealing , shoot-em-dead craziness like GTA , only with the added touch of Tony Montana 's charm.No matter what , this is definitely for 18 + people because of the cussing .
 The graphics on this game were awesome . Not ever a boring minute . Definately not a game for children !! Alot of language and sexual references . But overall the game was great !!
 This game has many great features . From the Blind Rage mode , to exhilarating shootouts , this is definitely a great game from a great movie . Although , I must warn some people that it can become boring if you play it too much at once . But after a slight break from it , you 'll be begging to play again . This game has great graphics , and is very realistic.Some people will love this game , and some people will hate it . It can be repetitive at times , but that should n't stop anyone from wanting to complete it . This game can also be fairly challenging . Far too many video games are easy now , and are able to be beaten with a few hours . But one man versus 50 or 100 can be a fairly difficult task . It can be frustrating to new gamers to die so many times within the game , but that 's part of what makes it fun . Easy games are boring . This game is one of the best and a must have for all Al Pacino/Scarface fans .
 I can only assume that the handful of people rating this game with one star out of five are GTA fanboys or total curmudgeons . Forget comparisons with GTA . Yes , some of the open-world gameplay elements are familiar . But this is basically a Tony Montana Simulator , and THAT 'S the -LRB- very considerable -RRB- USP of the game . It 's all about `` What Would Tony Do ? '' The conversations are hilarious , the gunplay is great , the vehicle physics are solid , the drug wars game adds an extra layer of strategy and some interesting choices . Sure , there are some periods where game events hit a bit of a lull , but most other games -LRB- GTA in particular -RRB- are guilty of this . And at its best , this game is an absolute blast . Aside from the decent core mechanics , the game will MAKE YOU LAUGH constantly , which is no small consideration ; it 's consistently entertaining even when you 're NOT busy with a mission , and you ca n't ask for much more than that .
 This game is truly worth the wait . It really makes you feel like you are creating a drug empire and it is incredibly addicting . The gameplay is awesome the shooting mechanics work great much better than any of the GTA games . This is one of the funnest games to shoot people in and the chainsaw is really awesome . This probally the funnest open world game i have ever played to drive in . The cars handle great and are a blast to drive . The graphics look great and the particle effects are truly awesome . This is a must get game .
 Folks , anyone been waiting to witness PACINO style violence , this is it . I just got this game and it rocks ! i need to sleep ! i have n't slept in 24 hours ! its too cool ! all RAGE all the time and heavy `` tommy gun '' like gun.The fact the game takes place after the movie ended , is incredible ! the only reason i gave it a 4 because i thought they could have borrowed more camera movement and direction from GTA or the God father engines.The graphics and backgrounds are stunning . I spent a good time on the ocean and beautiful oceans of yester Florida Coast .
 This game is awesome . I love it . It 's as cool as the movie .
 ... well if you are a fan of the movie this is a no-brainer , you must get this game . The game picks up where the movie left off . At the end of the movie Tony gets shot from the back by one of Sozza ' z hitmen and meets his demise . In the game you see the hitman coming towards you and you get to introduce him to your `` lil ' friend . '' From there the story begins . You have to start all the way from the bottom and work your way back to the top so you can find and destroy Sozza . If you like the GTA games this is pretty much the same style , except it controls much much better . You have to complete missions and make deals , buy properties , gain respect . I like the balls meter in which once it is filled you go on a rampage destroying everyone near your path . This game has great voice actiong from many of the old characters from the original , as well as new voices . Be warned though , this game is not for young children as it is extremely violent , and contains mature content . Definetely a worthy addition to any mature gamers library .
 I liked this game and ill tell you why , The graphics are really good and it has some cool music from the movie and that era . The language is a bit salty so dont let the little kids play or they to will sound like Tony . Overall i do recommend this to all who like the GTA , Godfather and such games . Enjoy and kill those cockeroaches man ...
 i bought it the night it was released for the ps2 , and played it for a little bit . i think it 's awesome . the voice acting is VERY well done . whoever said it is n't even close , it really is . scarface is one of my favorite movies , so i am critical of the game and expected a lot . i am most definitely not let down by it . it 's so violent and vulgar , that i find it funny . i never would have expected video games to reach this point , so it 's very entertaining . the violence is comparable to the punisher game , you 'll know what i mean if you had it . i 'll just say that you can shoot peoples ' heads clean off their bodies . almost every other word is f**k , which is just like tony in the movie . also , you can taunt anybody in the world , which will always carry some `` dirty '' language . taunting will help build your balls meter , which eventually leads to blind-rage mode . in addition , you can have conversations with anybody in the world , not just one-liners . i have n't run into any repeated conversations after about 2 hours of play . i 'm sure it 'll occur at some point , but not yet.the graphics and animations are a lot better than vc -LRB- vice city -RRB- , and the storyline is more flowing than any of the gta games . there are a bunch of celebrities who collaborated for this game to do voice-overs , and there is a ton of 80 's music . you can choose to play music during gameplay , which is cool . it 's kind of like a soundtrack , and makes the experience more like a movie . you do n't have to have music playing at all times , but the option is there by pushing the select button.when you deal drugs or intimidate people , you have to time your button press on a meter just right in order to make your attempt more successful . i like this system , as it 's a stray away from the cpu automatically choosing the outcome of the event . the world is free-roam , but you ca n't kill anybody you want to . some may not like this feature , but it stays true to the tony montana character . i tried shooting a woman walking down the street , and tony 's character says , `` no , i 'm above that . '' that 's exactly how the character in the movie would treat the situation . one great aspect about scarface 's free-roam feature is that you can go into buildings without any load times . remember how every building in gta games had to be loaded when you walked in and out of them ? not here , it 's all seamless.to conclude my review after a couple of hours of play , i must say that it 's a great game . again , i am critical of the game because i liked the movie so much , and i am critical of all items i purchase . scarface : the world is yours delivers a very high entertainment value , and guarantees a lot of fun for anyone who plays it . the game is definitely not for children , as it 's a VERY adult guided theme . if you enjoyed any of the gta games at all , you 'll love this one . in my opinion , it is better than any of the gta games . everything gta tried and may have failed on , scarface does well . plus , remember , scarface was the inspiration for the gta games . this game is the master of the genre.ratingsgraphics
 Scarface is based on the classic movie starring Al Pacino . In this game , Tony Montana did n't die at the end of the movie . Instead , he has to rebuild his empire piece by piece - and he is VERY angry.The movie was classic for its over the top violence and fury . You need to be aware that this game is rated M for Mature - and it most definitely earns that rating . There is non stop swearing throughout the game , and a great deal of slaughter . If you thought the Grand Theft Auto games were bad , this takes it a step beyond.It 's definitely intriguing to have a Cuban themed world around you , rather than the stereotypical Italian or ghetto worlds that many other games provide . There is a sense of style generated by a lot of the scenes here , and the dialogue and action is quite involving.They did a great job with the graphics , although I have to admit that the incredible detail of the Grand Theft Auto series has really spoiled me . If I see a location , I want to be able to go explore it . The Scarface designers only made certain parts of each map playable , and erected invisible force fields everywhere else to prevent you from going there . Those bug me to no end :-RRB- Surely they could have spent an extra few weeks in development to let me wander around that area , even if I did n't find anything . It would make the game seem more `` real '' , and my choices more my own.Also , it would be nice to have things other to do than just mow down enemies . I like games that offer a variety of tasks , but this is n't one of them . If you get tired of the non-stop violence , you have to pop another game into the console in order to relax a bit before you go back to the game.Still , the game is great fun , and as long as you accept the mature rating and one-track gameplay .
 I bought this game for my boyfriend and he loves it !!! Everyday he tells me how much fun it is to play ... and I should know , everytime we talk he 's always playing it ! = -RRB-
 She had on older bingo game that in time was out dated in the operating system that ran it . this one runs on XP just great !!!
 The game is an excellent reproduction of the television show with all the bells and whistles . Two big problems
 It all started in 1993 when this game came out and my sister bought it . She was in college at the time and her friend told her about the game and she thought it was cool when she was shown it . My sister , who is n't scared of much and loves things that have to do with horror bought this game for her computer in her room -LRB- she still lived at the house -RRB- . I used to watch her play this game and it scared the crap out of me . Well a couple years ago I got a hold of this game and the patch for it and well it 's still the same ... Creepy and Fun !!! -LRB- I was about 5 when she bought it and now im 16 -RRB- Story
 I am writing a book called `` The Future Best Games -LRB- you 'll understand when you read it -RRB- Founder 's Guide to the Best 1,001 Computer and Video Games Ever Made . '' Of `` The 7th Guest , '' here 's what I will say in my book : Developer
 I played this game when it first came out in 1993 and went looking for it about 10 years later . It is a fun puzzle solving game , first person type . I ca n't believe it is almost $ 100 now ! Fun fun game though .
 This CD-rom is one of the oldest around , but one of the best still today . Despite some harsh critics , it 's still great . If you 're into spooky kinda stuff , and like strategy , this is the right game . But do n't be disappointed , it is n't pee your pants scary . It 's actually kinda corny when it tries to be super scary , but it 's fun nonetheless . I recommend it for beginners in CD rom games .
 If you like thinking games for the PC , this is still one of the best . I 'm surprised that more games of this style have n't been created .
 this game is truly a classic p.c game , brings back great memories , had to order it and not disappointed , just like I remember
 The 7th Guest was a revolutionary development in the history of computer games . It was one of the first games to utilize high quality pre-rendered 3D graphics intertwined with FMV when most titles were relying on hand drawn sprites . The game also provided a mesmerizing soundtrack composed by George `` The Fat Man '' Sanger -LRB- think Wing Commander and Ultima Underworld -RRB- and included two live recordings
 This game was an addicting challenge . Once I started I was obsessed at getting to the very end . I did all the puzzles by myself but it is very easy to go on-line and get the answers from a number of websites . The game that has me the most obsessed is Microscope one . It still gets the better of me every time I play it . But any way this game gave me hours of enjoyment and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to play live at the haunted house .
 I remember we had this game -LRB- it must have been the old version -RRB- back when I was in 1st to 3rd grade , or about 7 to 5 years ago . It had a lot of puzzles and the last one was the hardest . It was a really long game , kind of like King 's Quest in how it took days to weeks to months to complete . I do remember that it was a great game though . I loved it . I definetly wish I could play it again .
 The only thing this game lacked was more development in the graphics and story . Other than that , some of the puzzles made my brain hurt . Seriously , this is one of the better games I have played -LRB- I own fifty -RRB- , buy it you wo n't be disappointed !
 The 7th Guest is one of the best games of all time , considering it was one of the first on CD-Rom . Walk around the mansion of a mad toy maker , solving puzzles . This game is fun ! The 3D rooms are very realistic and there 's a great storyline too.Also check out the sequel `` The 11th Hour '' .
 Amazing puzzles . I used a walkthrough , so some were very easy . They kinda made up for others . After going through all but the last two , I realized that I needed to start again and complete each puzzle successfully in order to reach the last two puzzles . After so many attempts on a puzzle , it no longer allows you access , successful or not . So I did a save before each puzzle , in case it took me more attempts than the game thought was necessary . What a challenger . Hope the 11th Hour is as good . Good graphics , color , audio .
 The game was pretty fun , better than the shoot-them-up type of games . However this is not a deaf or hard-of-hearing friendly game . I was able to muddle through most of the puzzles by luck , intution , and help from the clue book . I would have enjoyed it more if the dialougue and the hints would have been written down on the screen . But so far I am enjoying it
 It 's definitely a tough game . If I was n't persistent , I would quit the game . But I usually manage to stumble on the solution of each puzzle . Great graphics . Not one to be finished too quickly , that 's for sure .
 The seventh guest is an old game - initially came out in the early 90 's but it still has a great concept and lots of puzzles.You are the seventh guest - invited to a madman 's mansion . The mansion is filled with ghosts and puzzles and the guests/ghosts are trapped there . The mansion has many rooms and each room has a puzzle . Each puzzle must be solved to advance the game , open more rooms and save the little boy . Stauf , the madman , is a toymaker who makes dolls from the souls of children and he is after a little boy to create another doll.The puzzles themselves vary from the ridiculously easy -LRB- piano -RRB- to the very difficult -LRB- painting -RRB- . There is a nice variation of puzzles types as well -- memory games , logic games , chess , maze etc. A nice feature is the library book which will give you hints on how to solve the puzzle and even solve it for those who get too frustrated.The game 's atmosphere is creepy but not scary . The music is great though it does tend to drown out the diaglogue . The rooms were well done with lots of hidden scenes and hidden exits .
 The 7th guest is a game recommended to those interested in an on-going mystery filled with games and clues needed to solve the mystery of such a haunted mansion . It 's a great game , glues me to my computer .
 i love this game however i believe it should show u how to beat the puzzle if u have to use the cheat book
 Trapped in the haunted mansion of the mad toymaker , Stauf , with no memory of your past , you must seek out your past ... your purpose ... the fate of the six murdered guests , long ago ... and the seventh guest . To begin with , this is * not * an action title . With this game , you can give your flying fingers a rest . Everything 's connected with puzzles , and there are no time limits -LRB- though you may wish there were when you hit your twentieth dead end in the Maze and hear Stauf say , `` Feeling ... lonely ... ? '' again ... -RRB- . Puzzles , puzzles , puzzles . A profusion and plethora of puzzles in prodigious plentitude . Switch puzzles , slider puzzles , card and coin puzzles ... even the old game of Jump-Away . -LRB- Played with knives on a pentagram , mind you ... -RRB- And with each puzzle solved -LRB- the game can even solve them for you -RRB- you learn a little more about what happened on that long-ago night . The puzzles range from , `` Okay , this is tricky '' , to `` HELP ! '' . But with all the walkthroughs out here on the ` Net , plus the hint book in the library , you 'll muddle through eventually . Graphics
 I really liked this game , it had just the right mixture of subtle creepiness and intrigue to keep me interested . As it 's an older game the graphics might not look impressive by today 's standards , but the store more than makes up for it.The premise is that Stauf , a former criminal turned rich toymaker has invited people to his mansion and offered whomever can solve his puzzles whatever they desire . It 's hinted to you that none of the guests were ever seen from again so not only do you have the mystery of the mansion itself to solve but you also have the mystery of finding out what happened to everybody to figure out as well.The interface is clean and easy to use . You wander around in a very Myst-like first person perspective and your cursor changes whenever you wave it over something you can look closer at , a movie you can watch , or a puzzle to solve ... it 's nice to have this little detail instead of clicking madly on the screen trying to find the ` magic pixel ' that will take you further into the game.The music by The Fat Man is also very well done -LRB- In fact you can buy the soundtrack right here on Amazon ! -RRB- and adds a lot to the game . Overall it has just the right mixture of intrigue as you watch Stauf set the guests against each other and play his little psychological games , and puzzles as you progress your way deeper and deeper into the mansion.For the price , you get a lot . And its worth it .
 This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played . This game was originally released in 1992 or 1993 and for it 's time , it was way ahead in terms of graphics and story telling . Hell , it still has better graphics than some of the games that come out now . For me , this is the game that made me want to buy a computer which I did less than a month later . It has very challenging puzzles and some comedy along the way as Stauf adds his comments to either the path you choose or your success/failure to do a puzzle . If you like action , this is not your game . If you like solving puzzles , unraveling mysteries , and a game that makes you use your head , this is it . One of the best games of all time and the best puzzle solving game ever . But do n't take my word on it . Get this for yourself .
 `` Old man Stauf built a houseAnd filled it with his toysSix guests all came one nightTheir screams the only noise ... No one knows what happened nextThere 's no one left to sayBut if you should see Old Man StaufGet on your knees & pray ... `` You have been sent an invitation to attend an event by Mr. Stauf , world-renowned toymaker.There are many legends surrounding this enigmatic man - he has quite an infamous reputation . Are they truths or lies ? That is for you to decide . Either way , mystery surrounds him , just the way he likes it . Rumour has it he 's a Warlock in league with The Devil ... Dare you go through the Gates of his ominous mansion?You are set free to peruse the many darkened rooms & hallways . Each contains a different puzzle to solve , a different riddle to decipher . Eventually , you will find who this `` madman '' really is ... are you prepared?Overall , this game is multi - stimulating . Aesthetically , it is just beautiful - splenderous - gloriously gloomy . The digital artwork is visually stunning , & very detailed . The artistry of it all draws you into the scenery , with third-dimensional effects - so much so , you could get lost within those lambent corridors for hours.The puzzles are a bit trying at first , especially because you even have to figure out how they particularly work - but after that , it 's one brainblending / gratifying riddle after another.The music therein provides for a thickly eerie atmosphere that makes one want to jump right into the screen.The CD Music on disc IIIf you play this CD on your CD player alone , there are a series of songs available just to listen to , based upon those within the game . Some songs contain lyrics , some are instrumentals . The first is a rather mediocre attempt at replicating the Gothic , or Death Rock style.Most of the same effects are used throughout , with sound samples of Mr. Stauf & terrified guests.It seems the music was orchestrated to accentuate Stauf 's `` insanity '' , or genius , depending upon how you look at it.There are a couple of Noiresque tunes , the most notable being `` Dry Bones '' , sung with a very sultry female voice , which I picture being sung by a cross between Jessica Rabbit & Morticia Addams.The 7th Guest is a veritable ghoulish conundrum that will have you become a regular guest of The Stauf 's Manor again & again.Kudos to the Technomancers . The 7th Guest is Spooktacular .
 This is a great game if you like to solve puzzles . Some puzzles are really easy , but others are immpossibly hard . If you get stuck you can easily get a hint either from the book in the games library , or from searching the internet . I really love this game and would give it 5 stars if I had n't already done it , now I 'm going through it again trying to get to the puzzles that I never solved myself but the ones I did solve the first time are sooooo much easier even if I do n't remember the answer . One plus is that compared to the older version for DOS , the new one for windows goes much faster and you do n't have to wait a long time for things to move around -LRB- like yourself or the puzzle pieces -RRB- For the people who said that they could n't hear the characters speaking over the music : All you have to do is go into your computers music settings by double-clicking on the speaker at the bottom right of the screen . Then make sure that the WAV sound is set louder than the midi sound .
 We 've finally reached the time where computer games have been around long enough that some of them are `` classics . '' This game , independent of its entertainment value , horror value or anything else , was so new and revolutionary that it belongs on the `` classics '' shelf for innovation alone . Its use of real actors in ghostly situations was an innovation . Its CD-ROM platform was an innovation , its use of video driver technology was innovative , etc. . . If nothing else , buy it and play it for its `` historical value . `` Besides , though , I think it 's quite fun and entertaining . The horror still spooks me out
 This was one of the first computer games I played . My whole family ended up playing it , and we all loved it.All these years later , it remains the standard by which all other games we buy are measured , and usually fail.I will skip the storyline and puzzle specifics as they have been pretty much covered in other reviews.Puzzles are plentiful and the ability to roam around the mansion is alot of fun , especially when you find the secret passageways!There is a hint book you can access twice for each puzzle if you really hate one of them or get stuck.The rooms are fun , and the voices are creepilicios !! I wish I could play it today .
 Ive been playing the 7th Guest since i was 6 years old ! its fun , scary , and challenging . Its like an old horror movie . I recomendthis game to anyone who likes challenges , verry patient , and wont get scared stiff in the room while playing alone -LRB- like i did hehe -RRB- Im planing to get the sequel The 11 ` th hour soonIt looks really FUN !
 I Played this game when it first came out . I was usually an `` action '' gamer , but this game got me addicted trying to solve those damn puzzles for hours . The good part was finding out what was going to happen next . I just bought the sequal . I hope its as good or better than the first .
 The story-line sucks . they play stupid music while the ` supposedly ' scary things are happening . But the puzzles are great ! and that 's the main thing for me . the puzzles range from the common sense letter ones , to the more complicated mazes or `` can '' puzzle . i have n't been playing it for more than a couple of hours , and i 've already come across at least 10 puzzles , which were challenging , and if not hard , at least they are fun to toy with . i would highly recommend this to any puzzle-lover , but if your in it for the horror and the battling , this game has none , so stay away .
 i heard a lot about it but cant seem to buy it any where if i ever get one i will write again
 I have loved this piece of software as much as any I have owned . NYT Crosswords from 1986-1994 are in this package . While , as the last reviewer pointed out , there are typos that will frustrate you , the brilliance of the NYT crossword puzzles shine . I have spent many a happy hour and only a few frustrated minutes on the puzzles.This package can be found relatively cheaply and provide many hours of enjoyment . I would have given 5 stars except for the typos .
 Though not as good as the 7th Guest , this sequel was still terrific . With another good story and terrific graphics , this has just as challenging puzzles as the first game with an added twist
 I enjoyed playing the sequel to the 7th guest . This is a story that takes place many years after the events of the 7th guest game . The game originally only worked in DOS . However it is possible to even get it to work on today systems . There is a tool call Dosbox that you can use to play this game . No patch involved for this game if you use DOSbox . The object of the 7th guest your looking for your producer Robin . You take on the roll as Carl . Although this is many years later from the events of the 7th guest . You may see surprised characters from the original 7th guest do to them being trapped in the house .
 When I first bought The 11th Hour , I did n't know what it was about . However , the game proved to be very entertaining . The first time around , it seems a little overwhelming . Navigation may be confusing , and the story seems odd and detached . But do n't let that discourage you
 This is the sequel to the blockbuster adventure-puzzle game , 7th Guest . You 're back in the mansion , trying to find your friend . Not only are there more fiendish puzzles to solve , but there are also riddles to unravel as well . Both will either open up more of the house , or provide further video clips , pushing the story forward . I loved the fact that I could take a break from the -LRB- sometimes insanely hard -RRB- puzzles and work on the riddles , and still progress in the game.This is a mature game -- no swearing , but lots of disturbing imagery and some risque moments -- nothing beyond PG-13 though . It 's very similar in style to the first game , with some improvements -LRB- the sound is n't so faint , for starters -RRB- , and the story is fantastic . And Stauf is as evil -- and sly -- as ever .
 7th Guest confused me a little . 11-Hour offers hints or even solves if you get stuck on a puzzle along the way . Why some folks are having trouble with configurations , I do n't know . Perhaps after you have played a few Sierra games , I should considered myself an advanced programmer ? * L * THE GAME
 This game is the sequal to the very popular game THE 7TH GUEST . This game contained decent graphics and much fun play . But the 2nd game is very very good ... It has great graphics , amazing story line , and is very unique as the first one . I would suggets this game to players of the age 15 and up . This story is about your friend was kidnaped by the evil spirt known and Stauf . You must go back into the haunted house and save her and finally defeat Stauf ... it has wonderful puzzles and is very realistic ... I loved this game ... and for the price it is now its certainly and a must have ...
 I have to honestly say that this is one of my all-time favorites to date . If you like creepy , haunting , puzzle-adventure games , you 'd probably find this enjoyable . Sequel to the 7th Guest , you are searching Stauf 's house of horrors once again , working your way into more and more rooms and areas through puzzles and riddles , with a lot of cool clips and -LRB- rather cheesy -RRB- live acting footage . What makes this better then the 7th Guest , which I also enjoyed , is you get more hints with the incredibly hard puzzles and you can focus more on the general game , if you so choose . There 's multiple endings , a lot of space to cover and little odd and ends to discover along the way . The only problem I had was with the sound , which came out a little choppy . Overall , I highly recommend it if you like ghostly adventure games
 If you loved the 7th Guest , this sequel will not disappoint , aslong as you can get it to run . I managed to , despite ` incompatibleVESA graphics driver ' errors on multiple platforms , by downloading afew patches ... and invoking it from a DOS window . Compared to 7thGuest , there 's much more in terms of movie sequences , and the puzzlesare a bit harder , more of them where you play against the computer . Iespecially liked roaming through the same house as 7th Guest , it nowbeing in ruins , although you will find the door to the left when youwalk in the kitchen still does n't open .
 The 11th Hour is a excellent game.Now first off I do n't want to hear any new gamers bad-mouthing this game . This is a old game that came out in the early 90 's and it used the software that was available at that time . But it truly pushed the limit in this area because the game looked great back then ... and still does today . So yes there were some cheezy effects , but overall this game was very good.The GRAPHICS are what to be expected of a game of this age , but be warned , despite its old software ... the game is still very spooky . You basically navigate a house with pre-rendered backgrounds and what looks to be a early PDA called a GameBook . Full-Motion-Video scenes are shown and look very good.The GAMEPLAY is everything you could want and expect from a puzzle game . The game progresses with you solving puzzles and making key choices in some areas . This is early attempts at combining a puzzle game with a progressing Horror movie . You do however get help from a small Game Book that resemembles the early PDA 's you could buy at Radio Shack . The Gamebook will give you clues and show FMV sequences . You can also save and load your game thru this gamebook . However , BEWARE ! If you do not like solving puzzles then you will not like this game.The STORY is one of the best I have seen for a PC Game . It is very elaborate and will have you wanting to find out more as you progress thru the game . Basically you are a TV producer named Carl Denning . You sleep with one of your hosts from a Investigator show and then break it off with her in a bad way . She soon disappears in a spooky mansion she was investigating during her affair with Carl . This is the Stauf Mansion from the previous game , The 7th Guest . Carl recieves the Gamebook and is instructed to go to the Stauf Mansion to save the host he just broke up with . As you arrive at the Mansion , you prepare to find out what exactly happened to her ... and there the story begins . . The MUSIC is hands down , the best PC game score I have ever heard . The producer of the music is a group called , The Fat Man . The music really brings this game go life in a very scary way . The music will implant itself into your mind even when you power off your PC and go to sleep . Some of the music is soo distrubing you wo n't want to visit some rooms in the house , trust me ! Amazon does sell the score of this music on CD if you must have it to own.Overall this game really made a impact despite the company Trilobyte going belly up . It really did disturb me when I went to go to sleep and I could still hear the music in my head . Oh the infernal melody ! If you get stuck you can find some hints at www.tbyte.com . I have honestly played thru the game about 4 times and it still distrubs me . Stauf will taunt you all throughout the mansion , so be prepared for that . Get this game , trust me , if you are a puzzle freak you will enjoy this game . If you ca n't find it on here ... try Ebay . And be sure to check out the Soundtrack to this movie in Amazon 's Music area .
 They dont give me an author space here , like they do with books , but I just thought Id pipe in here.There were a few different considerations we took into account when making the game , and we decided we had to change some aspects from being realistic to working in a way that is fun . So there are definitely some things that are not accurate for real firefighting that you do in the game , but we think the trade off was worth it to make the game more enjoyable and possible for us to finish.We definitely hope you enjoy it and you can stop by our site for screen shots and info !
 This is rally a good game , it shows mainly all of the things that would go on in a real fire situation . I have this game at home and it is a challenge . But then again it 's rather easy . So all you firefighters or kids who are going to be one get out to the stores and buy this game , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I have an old -LRB- fat -RRB- ps2 , and this remote works well with it . It looks pretty cool but is too fat to feel right . All of the functions that I 've used it for have worked so far , so ignore the negative review . It 's not worth over $ 10 , but if you still use your PS2 , it might be worth buying . I 've used the Pelican brand many times back in the days and was always impressed with them . I just like them , I do n't know why .
 I have been playing `` Stronghold
 Super game . Best graphics of any game I have seen . Shuold have been game of the year . Easy to learn and outstanding fun . A must have game . An unbelieveable price for under $ 10 .
 This game is one of the best sims type game I have played , it is fun and very intertaining . It also has a lot more features that you would expect from a game like this .
 Stronghold Crusader is an extremely enjoyable game that I have played over and over again without being bored . There are so many different ways to play it . You can play skirmishes in which you choose the map , opponents , gold you start out with , etc. , campaigns , which are challenging but enjoyable , or `` castle builder '' which allows you to build in peace with nobody attacking you . Also , you can create your own maps to play . I have also tried multiplayer mode , which is also very fun -LRB- even though my dad was n't quite up to my level -RRB- . SC can also be won in many different ways . You can be aggressive or defensive , build elaborate castles full of traps , and send hordes of men at your enemies . You must also keep your people happy , and can build gibbets and dungeons if you wish to be cruel , or gardens and shrines if you want to be a kind ruler.I have owned this game for years , and still enjoy it thoroughly . I never get bored of it because of the different ways to play . You will not be disappointed if you buy Stronghold Crusader ; it is worthwhile to purchase and will give you many hours of fun .
 It was gently used , and it arrived in great shape ; just like new . If you like Runescape , you 'll love this game .
 This game is absolutely fantastic . You have to build up your economy , your castle , and your army . You fend off attacks and build up to take down your opponents . Strategy , graphics , economics , action ... this game has it all .
 Forget what you know , the variations offered in this game let you learn how to play tetris all over again . Some of the variations are fun and others will probably turn out to be not for you.I know I had a problem playing the squares version of this game where you had to make 4x4 squares out of the same types of pieces . I never quite figured that out.There 's another version called collapse where the pieces fall down as rows below them are cleared . This is kind of like Dr Mario , where extra pieces fall down to the playing field below , and unlike classic tetris where you have to clear the rows above a gap to fill the gaps.There 's a version where the same colored pieces stick together . This was challenging because pieces also fall down as you clear the rows like the version above and when two of the same color pieces touch , they stick together . Its an interesting twist.In both versions pieces are both traditional and segmented , for example sometimes the straight piece made up of 4 segments will be all in one piece/color , sometimes it will be made up of 2 or 3 or 4 different pieces/colors . Which makes it all the more challenging , you have to plan for how the segments of each piece will fall as well.Another added bonus is that now your piece preview shows you the next several pieces that are in the queque -LRB- I think it shows the next 6 -RRB- , not just the next one up . The only version of Tetris that I think is missing was the version for Nintendo '64 Tetris Sphere . That game brought the Tetris game to a 3-Dimensional level where you had to get rid of groups of pieces instead of organize them into groups . When they bring that game over to the next-gen systems then my tetris collection will be complete.Plus you can customize a little cube to look as you wish and you can name it as well , it will serve as your guide and watch you and let you know how you are doing.There 's a couple of other versions and of course classic tetris but for each one the challenges and strategies are different . They wrap a story around each version to explain why each game plays the way it does , pieces collapse because of a higher gravity and they stick together because its hot . Fortunately the same basic traits that kept you playing the original tetris games are still there . Its one of the oldest games out there that is still played today .
 The people who are saying that this game hurts your eyes are correct . I had never played Tetris before , and I bought this because it seemed like a fairly straightforward version of Tetris , and I have a NGC . It 's really pretty fun , highly addictive , and all that . But it 's true that this game really hurts your eyes after a few minutes . Both me and my son have noticed this . I have n't found a way to re-set the game background to fix this , so I guess I just have to endure sore eyes . It 's bad though . Why did they let such a simple thing hurt this otherwise solid , straightforward Tetris ?
 I often get bored quickly with video games because the story-type games are cheesy and slow , and in the arcade-style games , there 's nothing more to do than accumulate points and advance levels.The last game I liked was the old Nintendo `` Mario World '' because the pace was fast , there were neat things to see at each level and there was a point
 I am an adult game player . My daughter gave me a gamecube for my birthday.I just bought Tetris Worlds and it is really a great game . I have most of the other Tetris games for gameboy advance . I do believe you have to be a Tetris fan to enjoy this game . If you are you will not be disapointed.Keep your eye on the clock because time flys by when you are playing this game .
 I do n't know what it is with all the lower reviews for Tetris Worlds but I had to write a review to speak up about this wonderful game . Yes , it is not the original Tetris . It was not meant to be a copy of the original game . What it is , though , is a fun and addictive game . You will find yourself losing track of time if you play this game . The graphics are nice and the sound is great , too . I found this game to be entertaining for an older gamer like myself . I am sure that young gamers will enjoy it , too . We need to stop comparing sequels to their predecessors and start appreciating games for their own value .
 I bought this game years ago during the GameCube era . My wife wanted this game . We still get this out every now and then years later and play it . It 's got a good multi-player mode.The basic concept behind tetris has never changed , but they have added new game modes every now and then . This version has a story mode for 1 player but it 's still your basic Tetris game.Multi-mode lets you play the game a few different ways . You can add garbage at the bottom of your screen to control handicap levels or you can let the game do it for you - the more games you win , the more garbage you get on the next match . There is also a gravity mode that lets the colors separate and fall down.My wife and I have never noticed any problems with the images causing eye problems as some reviews have stated . We do sit far back from the big screen and use controller extensions . That may help with the issue.I would recommend as this game does have some fun left in it . Pick this up if you have a GameCube or are thinking about getting one . It 's one of the few games I have that appeals to my wife .
 If you like all the older Tetris games , you will like this one . It would be good for kids to play . It teaches the brain to work problems out fast .
 Play anywhere from the original game of Tetris to many different variations of the classic game . I have been an on and off Tetris player for about 15 years now and it just never gets old .
 i 'm not a big tetris fan , but i heard this game was ok . So i bought it and thought it was terrible but i played it some more and it got a little better i 'm still going to keep , you should rent it first .
 You have blocks and you make them fall on other blocks ! Think about the blocks your squashing this game looked like a perfect game for my son , then I saw him jumping on his friends . Thats when I decided I should watch the games he played . I took one look and then burned this game . He will just have to go back to playing his M -LRB- Mother approved -RRB- And AO games -LRB- adolecents only -RRB- . I am sorry that at the top of my review it says a gamer which i 'm certainly not , I am a concerned parent .
 takes some knowledge of dosbox , i 'm on linux myself and this thing works beautifully , since it has so many games , it 's a def must have if you love tetris , although it 's important to know that they feel a bit diff than nintendo tetris ...
 Great for people who love puzzles , mysteries , or just Scooby-Doo .
 Oh , my God , I 'm 18 years , and I still love Scooby Doo and Shaggy , and this game make me remember when I was a little girl . This game has different levels of difficulty and it makes you think at the same time you 're having fun . I actually thought it was gon na be lame but then I started playing and I tell you had a lot of fun . I 'm buying all the games .
 If any of you have expierienced past Scooby Doo games of this style , then you will understand this . In comparison , the voice acting in this is sub-par . The vocal animations are so generic that every word they speak looks just like the last . The load times between screens is a lot longer in this one than in past games . However , the puzzles are clever , and the background animations and layouts are very colorful and creative . Dropping you in many foreign locales . A good representation , and learning tool , of different cultures . My 5 year old enjoys this . But , myself , as a Scooby Doo fan , did not think that much of it . It was a bit shorter than previous games as well . Good game . Just not great . Hope the next volume shows more promise .
 I would rate this a middle of the road four or at the very least a high three.First the positive - the scooby gang are in a museum and a green glowing bug man has messed up the displays . They have to put the displays back together in order to earn clues . The clues point to a villian . Each of the ` games ' or displays involves a different part of the brain - in one scooby has to jump on a conveyer belt to earn scooby snacks and collect bones , another is a puzzle , another is a matching game and so on . There are three different levels so you can have it fairly easy to fairly difficult . My five year old was able to play the easy with no help and the medium level with only a little bit of help.The Negatives - The games are the same . The villians change but the games are the same - you are always doing a puzzle in the dinosaur room and it 's always the same puzzle . The placement of the boxes in the puzzle might change but the idea is the same . I would have also liked to have seen the ability to change the levels of the puzzle as individual games , not the whole game.However , it 's a fun game.I would also suggest the Freddy Fish games if your child likes to solve mysteries.Enjoy .
 A good game for the very young Scooby fan . Our 3 year old daughter loves this game . The puzzles are clever and educational . The three levels of game play differ enough to still excite and challenge young children who 've mastered the easier levels . A great purchase for any Scooby fan under 7 . Not too sophisticated but certainly not dumbed down .
 My son loves Scooby Doo so of course this was the perfect choice for his first Computer game . He is only 4 and just learning how to use a Computer so I had to help him.The setting is great in the Museum and he loved the different rooms you get to explore with bugs , dinosaurs and old bones . Each room contains some sort of a puzzle or game where at the end when you finish you receive a clue to match up with the 5 possible suspects . The one thing I did n't like is that some of the puzzles you had to do 4 times before you received the clue and that got a little boring having to do it over so many times.There are great little effects in the game where when you click on some objects they will turn into the bug man for a few seconds or fly around the room etc.Also Scooby and Shaggy will not go into any room without receiving a Scooby Snack first . The game only provides you with a few so at some point you have to go upstairs and play a game to receive more Scooby Snacks.Overall it is a good game but it does n't take long at all to finish it to the end . That was a bit dissapointing as I expected more from it . But the short while it does last is great fun for little Scooby Fans . I would n't recommend getting this game for young children unless you are willing and have the time to play it with them . They may get frustrated .
 Jessica our 9 year old daugher said `` this game is great , in one room you visit the cafeteria and you are challenged to blend different flavors of ice-cream until Shaggy gets the perfect cone . In each room you visit you need to find the clues to match the suspect until you find the glowing bugman '' . Hannah our 7 year old daughter said `` this game is perfect , we both had fun with it and I think lots of people should have fun with it just like us ''
 This game is a good fun learning game for kids , especially if you like Scooby Doo . It has you go around to different places and find clues to help solve a mystery , just like in the shows .
 I think this is a great CD , what a thrill ride ! The best part are the animated cinematics ! Which are incredible despite what I understand are extremely trying budgets and deadlines on projects like these.I give it two thumbs WAAAAY UP !
 I teach mentally handicapped adults with the average mental intelligence of kindergarteners and first graders . Although ultimately , this game was too hard for my students to play on a regular basis , parts of it were definitely suitable for my students in being both challenging and fun to play . I would definitely recommend this game for first graders and older and that in the beginning , it would help to play this game with your kids until you feel they are comfortable enough to play this game by themselves . All in all , a great game for Scooby Doo lovers !
 This is one of the best collections of PC Space Combat sims around . You get the full Wing Commander saga from 1 through 3 , including all the voice packs , special missions , secret ops , and the like . If you played the originals , well , they 're basically identical with the exception of being Win95/98 native -LRB- and should also work on WinXP -RRB- . But is it worth $ 250 ? Heck no . You can probably jerry-rig your system to run the old DOS versions using a program called DOSBOX -LRB- freeware -- just look it up on Google -RRB- . If you ca n't , well , then I suppose the real question is whether $ 250 is worth it to YOU for this collection . They were released in extremely limited quantities , and they ARE great games . But $ 250 ? It 's your money ...
 I am a HUGE fan of the Wing Commander series and when I found out Origin had remastered and reissued the game so it could work on newer PC 's I knew I had to have it . It works well on Windows XP so do n't believe the hype . If you 're a fan of the series or flight sims this is a must have and you should get it before it 's no longer available .
 Just wanted to post that I was able to install without any issues or changing of settings on my Win7 laptop . I played the first mission as well .
 This collection features one of the best Space sims ever , and some of the leading titles in the series , completely re mastered and improved . This is the value of a lifetime at any price . Please ignore the other reivew for this title . If you have the chance to purchase this , and are a serious student of CGI games or space sims in particlar , you are fortunate indeed to be able to purchase this now , for soon there will be none . Hopefully a new generation of games is being made using this and other classics such as Freespace 1 and 2 , and some of the Star Wars games as models . We can hope .
 YDKJOL is n't a bad game . It has more questions then the previous games in the durable PC series , The best host in the game-Cookie-is again at the helm making sure that your quest for game dollars is a sarcastic and smart allecky one , and those phoney commercials at the end of the game as always are gold . So why not 5 stars ? Well this game has got some flaws , but they all mostly fall in the same catagory . One is that it takes away from game 4 , THE RIDE format , which in my opinion was the best . THE RIDE helped with the looping question problem as well as the possiblity that anyone can win near the end , unlike others where it is sometimes pretty obvious . But since this game supposed to be best of the netshow game , it was unavoidable . The biggest flaw is the extreme re-use fo older jokes , music and sound bites from previous games , particularly game 3 . Offline was the frame to hold the new questions on , for those who do not get the netshow , but I guess the jokes and sound slipped off the side . Regardless , Offline is not a bad game , it is YDKJ , it is still a blast , and if you have n't played any of the games , it 's a good place to start , and veterans will more then likely want it too . Those veterans however are n't going to find anything exciting or new , with the exception of the new Pissed About a Question feature , a slightly new question type in which angry players who vented to the company with their frustrations get well , vented back . Over all , a good game , but it could have been better .
 If you are familiar with the ` You Do n't Know Jack ' trivia game series , then you already know how much fun these games are . This one is no exception - And for someone who generally knows the majority of the trivia utilized in earlier versions , this one is step above the rest when it comes to brain power & synaptic requirements . So watch out ! It works fine with Windows 7 OS unlike the earlier versions which must be run in compatibility mode . -LRB- FYI -RRB- I have not tried the Internet play option yet , but the offline version is as wacky as ever - Enjoy !
 Good product . No problems . Fun game . I enjoy playing this game , just wish more than 3 people can play at a time .
 This game is fun and funny at the same time , It helps to have a good sense of humor when playing any of the YDKJ games , and this one is no different . I love the Did or Dat category.It also works on Windows XP .
 we bought this for our 6 year old grandaugter and she loves it ! really easy to learnm and lots of fun moves .
 If you 've ever read Terry Brook 's Shannara series , you know that his favorite thing to do is make you feel sorry for the main character . Although this game was not written by him , it does the same thing . ` Shannara ' is built to fit in between ` Sword of Shannara ' and ` Elfstones of Shannara . ` It is a very fun and addictive game ; although the graphics are a bit dated , but still about as good as you can expect from something from the 90 's . If you have ever played anything from ` The Adventure Company ' or ` Her Interactive , ' you know exactly what to expect . You hardly ever use the keyboard , mostly the mouse , as it makes manuevering much easier . While not 3D , it fills the gap quite nicely with the in-game engine ; it has no tile-sets , so dont expect to see the same repeating picture for every set of 5 books in a bookcase.If , like me , you read ` Wishsong of Shannara , ' and thought it mean to kill off most of the main characters -LRB- Elfstones , too , but not quite as much , -RRB- do n't get too excited . Your party of companions generally consists of anywhere from 1 to 6 people ; generally 5 , since the sixth slot is left open for partial characters -LRB- people that you have to rescue , or agree to acompany you to a certain place . -RRB- Because you spend the majority of the game with the same 5 , well 4 , since you ca n't really count Jak Ohmsford , the character you are playing as , you get really close to them . When they suffer a personal loss , or are injured , you feel the pain along with them . Back to the reference about Wishsong , and not to spoil any of the plot twists -LRB- which there are ALOT of , believe me , -RRB- by the time you have finished all your quests and goals , there are only 3 people , counting yourself , left in your party . The situations of these losses -LRB- some are deserved , -RRB- hit a little close to home , as , generally , the main character has a personal hand in them.The finer points of the game , as well as some of the basic ones , such as how to perform certain actions necessary to the story -LRB- how to reach something that is hanging from a tree limb across a river you ca n't cross , for example -RRB- make the game alot more fun to play . On the downside , it takes you quite a while to gain full control of the ... well , the controls . By the time you learn , the game is mostly over with . Many a time , when haste is required , you will find yourself pausing to decide exactly how to perform a certain action.What is mentioned before would n't be so bad , if only the game had a higher replayability factor . It is based more along the lines of a movie , or book ; there are no side-quests or optional objectives . Everything you did the first time , you have to do a second time . In simple terms , the game is only entertaining the first time through . It is not very challenging , as its strongpoint is solving puzzles that do not vary from game-to-game , unlike most computer games , which focus on hand-eye coordination . Most ` battles ' consist of just clicking the ` attack ' button over and over again . If one of your companions is struck down during the battle , no biggy , he or she is there for the next one , with full hit points . While it is nice not to completely loose them , the game really looses its challenge , as it turns away from being a computer game , into being a click-along-movie . But the main problem is that , by the time you fully ` master ' the controls -LRB- if you ever do , -RRB- the game is Nearly , VERY nearly over , and about the entire last 1/2 hour if the game is entirely cinematics with 5 to 10 second pauses.The voice acting leaves quite a bit to be desired . Since it was made for older computers , the music doesnt really work , and the dialogue , which , unlike Neverwinter Nights , is all narrated by actors , no matter who you are talking to or when -LRB- this is the bulk of the game 's size , which , today is entirely unimpressive , 600mb , -RRB- is always a bit fuzzy and has many clicks and stutters , but not enough to interfere with your entertainment or understanding of what is being said.A very good game story wise , the puzzles can take you a while to figure out . Get this is you have a day to yourself that you just want to sit back and enjoy a story that , while it may not have what you could call a happy ending , will keep you entertained and , like all Shannara books , philosophizing about certain events or quotes . Do n't let this discourage you , it is probably one of the better games of ' 96 , although it probably wasnt all that popular . Not a good one for graphics , but it comes from the golden age of gaming , when gameplay and enjoyment were top priority . A MUST-BUY for any Lord of the Rings , Harry Potter , Eragon , or , obviously , Shannara fan .
 Generally a good game with some light-hearted music -LRB- the elf lady 's flute in particular -RRB- . You play a cousin to Shea Olmsford -LRB- second cousin of the mother 's side I suppose -RRB- . This takes place only a few years after the Shea incodent with a certain magical sword . Your -LRB- play character -RRB- has no V/O talant and really no id as far as appearence or back story , this is good as it means he 's you . You get vague glimpses into your past via your friends and comrads dialogue the elf girl archer in particular has a intrest in your character . You are a no-talent nerdy sort of half-elf -LRB- as Shae was -RRB- who , as Frodo is reliant on his luck and friends more than special talents . Your only wheapon , you ask a lot of questions and get into a lot of trouble with tresspassing , this is all you have to enable -LRB- the player behind the screen -RRB- to solve the game . As in Ben Holiday , and the Olmsford clan , you are so much dogmeat without your magic items and a good support team . But it gets interesting later and Terry Brook 's way of telling these tales makes this -LRB- otherwise wimpy role -RRB- more interesting as the centeral reluctant hero . As in King 's Quest , you have no more than your wits and maybe the occasional dagger and brawl -LRB- as in Ben Holiday 's Sward castle jaunt -RRB- . The acting is not that bad , as in King 's Quest the actors are professional . The main key roles are played by vetrens and the others are just comical and fill in the gaps . It is doubtful it will work on XP or new OS 's but it definitely works on Win 98 and 95 with the 256 640x480 config and a down-sized vid card . Sound is great with a DOS driver based sound card with windows capablity as the Audigy 1 -LRB- and it 's DOS counter -RRB- or SBLive.Game veterens -LRB- who played in the 80 's -RRB- and aging hippies -LRB- who crafted this stuff -RRB- will love it , everyone else is too young to appreiciate it .
 Bought this so I could play `` Tatsunoko vs Capcom
 I bought this adapter so I could use it with PSX and Super Nintendo emulators on my Wii , it works very well!However , for Gamecube games , the R and L buttons are pressure-sensitive in a different way than the PS2 controller 's pressure sensitivity , so it does n't work too well on that front ... For example , in Super Mario Sunshine , when you press R2 Mario will react as if you pulled the Gamecube controller 's R trigger all the way.But , it works exactly as I 'd hoped , but just putting that out there for those of you who wanted to use it for their Gamecube games .
 When using a PSone controller with the Wii this does exactly what it says it does . I did not get the item pictured though , mine is black and also converts to use a PS controller with XBOX ... go figure .
 I did not expect this to work at all . I ordered this and a ps2 controller to test this out on my wii and it works , much to my surprise . If you 're skeptical about this product , go ahead and buy it , it works as advertised !
 Awesome adapter . Worked perfectly on my Gamecube . Highly recomend this item for those who want a good dpad for gamecube games such as Sonic Mega Collection .
 I have a $ 300 cobalt flux pad that I 've had for 5 years now . I only has a Playstation style plug on it . Recently I was thinking about getting an adapter from Cobalt Flux to plug it into an Xbox or game cube or both , but the $ 70 price tag for it scared me off . Now , they are no longer in business and I ca n't find one anywhere . On a whim , I bought this so I could plug it into my game cube or wii , and it works perfect ! Now I just need an adapter for an xbox.Very very pleased with this , and the price .
 Tested this with a Nintendo Wii and Gamecube to play Tatusnoko vs Capcom and Soul Calibur II and it 's superb , no lag whatosever and it works with my PSX Namco sticks and ASCII sticks , highly recommended for anyone who wants to play with those arcade stick type controllers .
 Have been using this product almost 2 months and have to say I LOVE it ! I do have problems with the trigger sensitivity sometimes but is managable . OVERALL totally helped me play games like tatsunoko vs capcom . really easy to use and play with . the button maping was a bit confusing at first but not too bad .
 I bought this for use with both my GameCube GameBoy player and for use with virtual console and fighting games on the Wii.Not a single problem with it . As long as the game itself supports configurable buttons you do n't have much to worry about . I use cordless Logitech controls with mine , I have n't plugged my Nerf Wireless into it yet.My only complaint is Amazon thought I wanted DDR games in my suggestions after buying this . -- update -- 02/12/2012 - I got my daughter hooked on The Secret of Mana for the Wii virtual console -LRB- SNES game -RRB- . This adapter came in handy , I only had one `` classic controller '' for the Wii , so I pulled out my Logitech PS2 control , put it on this thing , customized the button layout in the game and it worked perfectly . My biggest problem was telling a 9 year old A , B , X and Y when all she saw was square , triangle , X and circle . I finally told her to start memorizing the buttons and quit looking .
 this converter work just fine with the wii , i did n't try playing DDR with it , i used it to play fighting games , the button configuration is very strange and awkwards for fighters , but so long as you can change the button arrangement it should be fine . I played Guilty Gear AC , Samurai Shodown anthology , and Super Smash Bros. . Brawl on this converter using a Mayflash PS2 stick . everything worked perfectly .
 Anyone who wants to play a fighting game or classic-styled game on the GameCube -LRB- or GameCube via Wii -RRB- will tell you that the GC pad does not cut it . It is a great controller , but sometimes you want something without a giant button surrounded by tiny ones . The PS2 to GameCube Converter solves that ailment perfectly . There is no confusion using this device . Just plug and play . The only issue is that the default button layout may not feel right . Most game allow the player to change button settings , so all should be well . Just do n't try to play Zelda with it .
 I 've tested this adapter on my Wii using my regular PS2 controller , Capcom Street Fighter 15th Anniversary controller , and the wireless Logitech on the games TvC , CvS 2 , and MK : A. All buttons and d-pads work perfectly without any delay . Not too sensative , not too dull . Highly recommended for those who have a Wii or Gamecube but prefer PS2 controllers . ** Update 5/20 ** I 've been playing the Wii versions of Super Smash Bros and KOF OS using my PS2 controllers thru this adapter and they work perfectly . I reformatted the button commands and the gameplay is so much smoother than using the Wiimote or classic controller . Ca n't recommend this product enough for fighter fans . ** Update 10/30 ** My wife and 7-year old are huge DDR fans and we had had only 2 Wii mats for them , so when friends came over they had to take turns . With this converter , we 've been able to connect our 2 PS2 mats to the Wii and they work perfectly so that now four players can play at once -LRB- we have two of these converters -RRB- . The only difference is on the PS2 mats via the converter the buttons are different when in the menu mode ; the top left and right are reversed so when you select your character you have to step on the upper left instead of the upper right . Otherwise during the songs it works just the same as the Wii mats and , judging by the fact that my wife is still able to bust out full combos , it works just as well .
 I 've always wanted to play certain gamecube exclusive games such as Metal Gear Solid
 This product worked perfectly for me to be able to use my PS2 metal DDR mat with my Wii/Gamecube . I only have tried one game so far , Walk It Out for the Wii -LSB- if it does n't work for any other DDR games I try , I will come back and edit this review , but if I do n't , it 'll be because it worked just fine which I think it will , I 'm not worried after how well it worked today . -RSB- Unlike some of the other reviews , I did n't find it cumbersome or annoying.You simply plug it in BEFORE you turn the Wii on and then once the game starts you simply step on and hold START + SELECT + UP arrow TOGETHER for 3 seconds to get it into DDR mode , on my mat this was really simple and not a problem for me . I do n't mind having to do it every time because it 's worth the extra effort -LRB- to me -RRB- . For the price is was perfect for our needs !
 This is exactly what I was looking for , I 'd already invested good money into DDR pads , which for some reason exclude the gamecube and the wii in their array of connections . It worked perfectly with all three DDR Hottest Party titles on the wii.A side note , I successfully entered DDR mode by holding Select , Start , and Up and then plugging the device into the Wii with it already powered on and the game loaded . A little tricky , but you certainly do n't have to have the wii off to do it .
 This adapter is awesome ! We had very nice pads for our PS2 DDR games , and were sad when it died . After getting the WII , we waited patiently for DDR to come out for it . When it finally did , we were quite disappointed by the smaller VERY thin pad which came with it.That said , the controller adapter works perfectly . We turned off the WII power , plugged the `` good '' pad into the adapter , plugged the adapter into the WII , and turned on the power . Voila ! It worked perfectly , and has ever since.I HIGHLY recommend this particular adapter ...
 I bought this so that I could use our old PS2 DDR dance pad with our new Wii . Good news ! It works perfectly , converting the PS2 plug to Wii flawlessly . Now then , if I could just be as positive about DDR Hottest Party ... but I digress . This PS2 to Wii converter works just fine .
 I took a chance on this not knowing much about it , and I 'm glad I did ! I bought this to connect my Red Octane PS2 dance pad to the Wii , and it works just great . A bit complicated to set up until you get used to it -LRB- do n't lose the instructions in case you forget ! -RRB- , but I 've been using it for a few months and have had no problems with any of the connections working .
 This product works great I do n't regret buying it , I always did like playing games with a PS2 controller , now I can play the GameCube with the PS2 controller . It also works with the Wii .
 This is a doom style game that will bring Hours of enjoyment to your 3DO system . The 3DO spent a lot of money making this game and it shows.My top 10 3DO games
 If I recall when this game was released it immediately got the ban by parrents . Before there was GTA and mass violent games this was one of those games that was supposed to raise the bar on glood and gore . Yet I remember it being a first person shooter with really creepy clowns and a dog and some hunting guy trying to kick your a $ $ . The game was so - so and really was n't as bloody violent as I thought but it is fun and a timeless game from 3D0 . The system was fun and I enjoyed some of the games a lot but over time it dwindled away into the video game consol graveyard . Now that almost 10 years have past I am curious to collect these games again and see what it was that warped my brain as a kid . Lol !
 My 5 year old grandson got this Freddi Fish CD when he was 3years old and he still likes to go back to it because it has different clues . He has all 5 Freddi Fish mysteries and he and I enjoy them very much . You will not be disappointed if you purchase this one.Mary G. Sturkey , a dotting grandmother
 Okay see I technically have a pelican link cable and it connects to my GBC , GBA , and my GBA SP and have never had a problem once yet . With a link cable you can transfer and print a lot of stuff . I 'm guessing with the mad catz link cable it is the same way . So go have fun and get a link cable to transfer and print stuff out .
 it worked just like its supposed to so i give it a five because there is not much else i can say
 This is what you need if you have two GBC 's and need stuff from another game . That is all I have to say .
 I was happy to get this light , they do not sell them in stores . My old one broke . This one is great .
 If you use the Old School Nintendo thisis a MUST have ... makes game playing much more fun from where ever you are !
 I bought this for my son for his birthday , he loves it . He uses it for when he is in dark places , so that he can see better to play his games .
 Hey Guys , I have to say that this is the official SEGA DREAMCAST mouse and it 's a very good companion to your DC Keyboard which you can purchase at Amazon.com for a very good price ;-RRB- This mouse worked TERRIFIC for me with the DREAMCAST web browser , and all SEGA NET titles ; such as Quake 3 arena ... if you 're ever online my handle is DVL . . and good luck with your gaming guys .
 The official Dreamcast mouse has been produced for maximum accuracy and ease of use . It is ergonomically designed so that you can use it comfortably for hours . All you need to do is slot it into one of the controller ports on the front of the Dreamcast . Its design incorporates left and right mouse buttons and a central scrolling wheel for fast movement up and down the screen . Ideal for use with some of Sega 's great on-line games such as Quake 3 Arena
 Dreamcast Mouseby Sega Of America , Inc. . ASIN
 The Dreamcast was one of the most innovative consoles ever
 The mouse works great and is built sturdy . Even if you do n't plan to use it for internet browsing , it works awesome for most Dreamcast FPSs . You can find some personally owned ISPs made especially for Dreamcast gaming around the net . Check it out and keep loving your Dreamcast .
 I ordered my DC mouse almost solely for the collectors value . It may not be much , but not too many kids on the block have one . I grabbed a keyboard as well , and ready to play some FPS titles . The Dreamcast suffered hard for its lack of a second analog stick , but made up for it with its alternate input devices . DC fan ? FPS fan ? Collector ? You might want to consider adding this to your collection !
 this game is really impressive . i almost did n't want to take the chance with CT3 because i had CT for gamecube and it was rather boring , plus the controls were horrible . however , the controls on the xbox are outstanding , it took me about five minutes to get all of the controls down . everybody knows that when you stumble over controls in a game it takes away from the lasting appeal . i love this game . -LRB- i must warn that this game will hurt your right trigger finger when you are playing because you get so into the game that you just want to accelerate as fast as possible and that is what you do with you right trigger finger . -RRB- the best setting of this game is the small apple , the graphics are n't the best but it is really cool . also the environments are really large . plus you get to play for however long you like . 3 , 5 , or 10 mins . i prefer 10 minutes for maximum adreneline rush.well this is all that i want to say . i do n't want to ruin the rest of the game and excitement for you so rent it or buy it which ever , but i gaurantee you 'll wan na buy it if you rent it first.peace TprDX
 The first time I played this game was on the OXM disc . I loved it ! so got got the full version . The graphics on these game are supurb !! whats also good about this game is it has these really cool mini games . And the levels are cool too . There is West Coast witch is from Crazy Taxi . There is also Small Apple witch is from Crazy Taxi 2 . And last but not least there is Glitter Oasis witch is from Crazy Taxi 3 High Roller . This game is highly recomended !! BUY IT !!
 Good!Great!Fantastic ! Finally a game that has so much action that your Xbox will slow down on you . This is a true gamers game full of momentum and excitement . You can practically do anything you want with your cab -LRB- anything -RRB- . Non stop action . Worth the expense !
 This is a really fun game , but it does have a few problems . 1 no multiplayer and 2 only ok graphics . Other than that it is pretty good .
 This game is magnificent ! So much fun , with as much replay value as the original arcade classic . BE WARNED THOUGH ... Sega REALLY goofed big time by -LRB- obiously -RRB- NOT testing this game with the available Steering wheel controllers . I have not tested 2 of the three , but I have tested the MADCATZ MR2 racing wheel -LRB- which I bought with the game Crazy Taxi 3 -RRB- . Sega did n't create a Steering Wheel Controller profile , so you ca n't use this steering wheel to perfection . Sure , you can turn and give it gas , but the gear shifting in the game is for buttons A and B , yet the MR2 Racing Wheel shift stick emulates buttons A and X , so you can only use the shift stick on the controller for Reverse , and have to use the buttons on the controller for forward -LRB- Drive -RRB- . This is not MADCATZ fault since their controller was out LONG before the game . Sega just overlooked this , and it really is quite frustrating ! The game is still really fun though ! Just do n't expect to have the `` real-life '' feel . Let 's bug Sega , until they issue a patch !
 This message goes out to that snotty 10 year old who said CT3 stinks . I bet his parents would n't let him buy an Xbox , that 's why he 's so pissed at the game.I think CT3 is awesome . It 's deep , and easy to pick up . Buy it !
 The first crazy taxi was a great game I never played crazy taxi2 but this game is very very fun.The grafics are just fine and the xbox controller is just right for this game.Who ever dosnt like this game maybe your not very good at racing videogames .
 CT3 take everything that was so awesome and excellent about the Dreamcast games -LRB- which by the way Dreamcast rocks to all you haters ! -RRB- and makes it even more fun . They even threw in the previus two levels from Crazy Taxi and the second one , and they also added a new level . The new level does n't really look that much like Vegas but who cares its still fun . If you are a long time fan , I do n't need to tell you why this game is fun . I sometimes contribute to gaming web site reviews , try to guess which site cuz they wo n't let me tell you where , so check me out online , but anyway that means I know about games . Anyways this game rocks like I already said so do n't waste time and check it out for yourself . Oh by the way the minigames are in this one too and I dont have to tell you why they rock too .
 I 've been playing the game at target and toysrus and i really enjoy it . The object is to pickup customers and give them a wild ride ; take them to the place they want to go to . It may not sound that interesting , but I ca n't explain exactly how fun the game is .
 I usually do not review games which did not come out yet , but after playing the demo disc of OXM and playing this game for many days straight , ignoring all my other games , I just had to come and write a review . You would think the graphics would take advantage of the XBOX Hardware since it is an exclusive XBOX game , and in a way , it does . In the demo there was only one playable level called the Coast X . When I first played it , I was thinking , Dreamcasts graphics of the original Crazy Taxi are almost better than this . The next couple times I have played it though , I noticed just how crisp the graphics really were . They are n't bad at all !!! I must have been tired when I first played the game ! After playing this game , in every arcade I go into , the first game I check for is Crazy Taxi ! It has also come to be my favorite game for any console and this is just by playing the DEMO !!!!! Before I stop writing this review , I only have one complaint . When you take a group of people , you do n't get paid until they ALL get dropped off in different locations . Also , with large groups , most of the time , even if you think you are going as fast as you can , like the first three people you drop off will say you are slow ! The last one usually says normal . Dropping off just ONE person is easy enough to get a SPEEDY almost every time !
 Not quite as good , as Crazy Taxi for Dreamcast , but seeing as how Dreamcast is dead , the Xbox 's only Crazy taxi is a must have , if nothing else as a tribute to the Original .
 Seems like everyone else does ... I played the hell out of the first , and I jumped at the chance to grab this one . It includes the first city , and adds two more . And the most notable change from the first is it adds a ` jump ' button ! You can jump on top of buildings , over cars , everything!This is a very neat addition . Ignore the whiners who complain about this , that , and the other . This is a fun no-brainer game.Didn ' t one reviewer complaian about not being able to pick up and drop off going full speed ? What was that all about ? Games do have rules , and that is one of the few this game has ...
 Crazy Taxi 3 : High Roller is a very fun game -LRB- although all 3 of the crazy taxi games are very much alike in graphics and gameplay -RRB- and has better graphics than the first 2 which are on dreamcast . It has 1 level from each of the first 2 -LRB- from crazy taxi it has west coast , and from crazy taxi 2 it has small apple which takes place at night -RRB- and the same cabbies from the first 2 and it also has 1 new level called Glitter Oasis -LRB- there are 4 new cabbies in glitter oasis -RRB- which also takes place at night.The only thing I do n't like about this game is that the new level -LRB- Glitter Oasis -RRB- is n't that fun to drive in because it is too dark and it is n't really a city -LRB- there just a few buildings together and than the rest is mountains with one building here and another way over there . It is also hard to see where you 're going -RRB- . But the 2 levels from crazy taxi 1 and 2 are very fun to drive around in !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 When I first played this game it was on a demo ... I had never played any previous versions so I did n't know what it was about . It only had one level -LRB- being a demo and all -RRB- . But for only having one level , it was awesome . I knew that I had to get that game . So I bought it and played it all the time.It 's easy to play :1 . Pick a level2 . Pick a driver .3 . Right trigger go , left trigger stop , Y button hop , B button shift up , A button shift down.Simple , basic , and most of all FUN . Overall , A MUST BUY GAME .
 Crazy Taxi 3 is still the only taxi that can break all the rules of traffic and physics . I thought Crazy Taxi 1 & 2 were super great , this is like 3 times better ! The fire from the cars are pretty nice . And the graffics are so much better.Even though this has only 1 new level and 2 levels from the previous Crazy Taxi levels , it 's still the best . The 2 levels from the previous Crazy Taxi games is the Arcade level from 1 and Small Apple from 2 . Both of these levels are modified . The level has more areas to drive and parts of it are a lot different . They look familiar , but the changes are good enough to buy this.The Las Vegas level is very huge . There are n't any real locations in the real Las Vegas except Stratosphere Tower , which you ca n't drop anyone off . There is a desert , a lake , a dam -LRB- Hoover dam -RRB- , a canyon , and a river . This level , you can jump from the dam or the canyon if you like to get major heights . It 's a great level is all I have to say.So people who enjoy the other Crazy Taxi games will love this one for sure , even if this game has the same levels . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Amazing and astounding are two words that describe the crazy cab game genre invented by Sega . Crazy Taxi has had so many ports but now a sequel being made exclusively for the Xbox system . The Xbox technology should help the devlopers make the best Crazy Taxil game of them all . Now you 're rampaging the streets of Sin City or also known as Las Vegas . New moves and new drivers are being added to keep the game fresh and funny . The new game should put the trilogy into video game history .
 I saw this game at E3 and it looks great ! I ca n't wait to play Crazy Taxi on Xbox !
 If you 've never played a Crazi Taxi game , you 've really missed out . If you have , you know how much fun they are . Well , if u liked either of the first two , I can promise u that you 'll like this one . It packs it all in . Here goes : One thing you 'll notice about this game is that the controls are just like previous Crazy Taxi games -LRB- right trigger go , left trigger stop -RRB- . You stop in a customer 's circle , he hops in and you take him to his destination . Speedy , nice tip . Normal , good tip . Slow , bad tip . You can pick any of 12 Taxi drivers , and drive your Taxi in any of 3 locations . Either one
 I do n't have the ful version of this yet but I do have a decent demo for OXM -LRB- official xbox magazine -RRB- . I played this continually attempting to get an `` A '' rating . This game is addicting and different every time you play . The frame rate is great and the graphics are crisp and clear . There are special moves like a crazy jump so you can get over oncoming cars , a crazy drift to get around cornrers easier and your wheels go on fire , and the crazy boost that leaves a trail af flames while you speed forward . Controlls are easy to do and the replayability is way up there . Deffeinnetly deserves 5 stars . BUY IT
 I love crazy taxi , im a real big fan of it , I have the first one for gamecube.Then i bought an xbox with 3 games , i didnt buy this one because i didnt know if it was as good or not , so i rented it.WOW , i love this one the most , here are some reasons .1 . Graphics
 Initially a hit arcade game , then a Dreamcast exclusive , Crazy Taxi has been one of Sega 's most popular new franchises , a reason to buy a DC in and of itself . Once Sega began spreading its talents to other consoles , CT was one of the first games to be exported , to both PlayStation 2 and GameCube ... but not XBox . Instead , Sega and Hitmaker have brought an all-new version of the game exclusively to Microsoft 's big black console . It retains everything that made the original -LRB- and its DC-only sequel Crazy Taxi 2 -RRB- great , while bringing with it new features and , unfortunately , a couple of new flaws.If you 've been living incommunicado lately -LRB- say , the last 21/2 years -RRB- , the game casts you as a taxi driver in a big city , in this case Glitter Oasis -LRB- an homage to Las Vegas -RRB- . You get to choose one of four personas , each with uniquely-styled cabs -LRB- the choice of cabbie does n't really affect gameplay enough , so just choose one you like -RRB- . Your job is to pick up passengers and transport them to their destinations within a certain time , using any means necessary.Potential fares are highlighted by a colored dollar sign over a similarly-colored pick-up zone . Red symbols denote short-distance -LRB- i.e. , cheap -RRB- fares , with yellow , green and blue symbols pointing the way to more challenging -LRB- and more rewarding -RRB- fares . An arrow at the top of the screen directs you towards your destination , a large highlighted area where you stop and drop-off your passenger.If you make things `` interesting '' along the way , by executing high-speed drifts , near misses or gravity-defying jumps , your passenger will tip you more and more . Succeed , and you get the fare plus the tips , along with bonus time to pick up other riders ... fail , and the passenger stiffs you and hops out of the cab , even if the destination is in sight.Fans who missed out on CT 2 will notice a new feature ... the ability to pick up multiple passengers . These riders are highlighted by a number instead of a dollar sign . The stakes get really high here , since -LRB- a -RRB- your travel time -- and potential fare -- is much higher and -LRB- b -RRB- tips are multiplied by the number of passengers you have . However , this is an all-or-nothing proposition ... if even one of the group does n't make their destination in time , you lose the * ENTIRE * fare.CT 3 is one of the most replay-loaded games released in a long time . Crazy X brings you several new mini-games to play and unlock , along with a chance to improve your skills . Best of all , you get West Coast and Small Apple , the arcade maps -LRB- modeled after San Francisco and New York , respectively -RRB- from both Crazy Taxi and Crazy Taxi 2 , along with their own unique cabbies!As cool as all this sounds , it 's not without its flaws , minor as they are . The game can be slow-loading at times , although it is faster than the demo disc some of you may have seen . While graphically gorgeous , it 's not significantly better than even the Dreamcast versions of CT and CT 2 . In fact , there are points of some limited slowdown ; however , the screen has to be quite busy for this to occur , and when it does occur it is n't for very long -LRB- a couple of seconds -RRB- . The in-game music is appropriately fast-paced and very hard-rock oriented , from arists like The Offspring , Bad Religion and Tommy Lee . It retains tracks from both previous games , and even re-uses sound samples . Hardly original , but it do n't take that much away from the game . -LRB- Parents please note
 Crazy Taxi 3 is a blast to play , as it offers a brand new city and new characters to play around with ; however , the greatest strength of this game is the fact that it includes both Crazy Taxi 1 and Crazy Taxi 2 . The graphics are also touched up from their original Dreamcast releases . This game is one of the Xbox 's absolute best . If you 're a Crazy Taxi fan , this is the best purchase you can make since you 're getting a ton of bang out of your gaming buck with Crazy Taxi 1 and Crazy Taxi 2 with enhanced visuals , the original soundtracks -LRB- unlike recent versions -RRB- , in addition to Crazy Taxi 3 exclusively released on the Xbox .
 Before I begin , I have to say that I loved the first Crazy Taxi in the arcade and on Dreamcast . It was an extremely fun game with great graphics , sounds , and controls . A year later , Sega unleashed a sequel onto the public in the guise of Crazy Taxi 2 . In retrospect , I think I was harder on it then I should have been , but the controls did not feel right and it was not that much fun in comparison to the original . I was not sure if I would like Crazy Taxi 3 that much -LRB- considering how disappointing the last one was -RRB- , but I was so happy to find that this is the series best installment yet.The first thing that surprised me with this game was with its much improved controls . The game engine feels closer to the first game than the second , which is a good thing . All of the tricks you need to learn become second nature after a while . The Drift Hop , which I labeled `` absolutely useless '' in Crazy Taxi 2 , is actually easier to use then before , and I am eating my previous words
 I have always loved Crazy Taxi on the arcade . I never had a PS or PS2 , so I could n't play it on a console . I was willing to buy it to play it , and wow , it is awesome . The game is fun to play , and even once you get tired of picking up paying customers , there are lots of bonus missions for you to accomplish . I think the game is 5 stars with a lot of replay value .
 This is game is a must have if you are a fan of the Crazy Taxi series . It combines all the best elements of the previous Crazy Taxis but adds the element of Las Vegas . If you 've never played Crazy Taxi and enjoy fast , frenetic driving action then I highly recommend giving Crazy Taxi a whirl . The controls are easy to pick up and the minigames provide a handy tutorial for learning the necessary cool moves to get through a course easily .
 i 've fantasized for years about crazy taxi for the gamecubeand eternal darkness for the CUBE as well back thenand i found crazy taxi 3 for cheap than the originaland i found the 3rd game had the 1st game in it as wellso i was really hyped to have grabbed it for the xboxit looks outdated , but it 's still fun to play ` coz it 's simple and fun
 The camera is fun . it 's features are : Picture takerPicture EditorSpy CamPC LinkLightingSlide ShowThe only bad things are that it works on the SP and Advance only . -LRB- Not to mention , maybe the game boy player . -RRB- But it doesnt work on DS . And the fuzzy quality.Overall , I love it ! Just a bit ago , I took a picture of myself and then took a picture of the ceiling . I made it look like I could fly .
 This camera is the best i have ever seen to be truthful i do n't have one but my friend does and it is awseome it works like any other camera should be the best way to waste 29.99 $ i recommend everone to buy this item !
 This is a great product for the true gamer . Cheats galore !! No problems with product .
 Scurge
 I 've seen quite a few copies of this game , going from one GameStop to another in search of a GBA game to spend my store credit on . Seeing this game almost everywhere , two thoughts came to mind
 Enough people have already reviewed Scurge : Hive in detail , so this is mostly just my vote
 I just finished this game finally -LRB- it took me about 18 hours ! -RRB- , so I thought I 'd write a quick review . Firstly the graphics and sound were excellent , and some of the best I 've seen and heard on the GBA . The gameplay consists of lots of shooting , jumping and exploring . The main character , who is very nicely animated , is contaminated from the start of the game which means there 's a permanent ` timer ' counting down to her death which is reset in numerous save rooms . I though this might be irritating initially , but it did n't bother me during the game . The fact that the save rooms are common means that Scurge is a good game to play in short intervals of 10-15 mins . Some people comment on the isometric perspective and awkwardness of diagonal movements . This did cause some problems in places , but it did n't spoil the game for me . The advantage of the perspective is that the rooms you explore feel much more real than if it was a 2D game and this does improve the atmosphere a lot . As you progress through the game , the action becomes very intense . You have 3 guns meant for killing 3 different types of enemy -LRB- energy , organic , robot -RRB- , but late in the game you 're often attacked by all 3 types at the same time so you have to quickly cycle through your weapons picking out the right targets . The enemy attacks are continuous through the game -LRB- the aliens respawn when you leave a room -RRB- , but the variety of aliens keeps things interesting . The final boss stage is especially intense , but it leaves you with a sense of achievement when you 're done .
 I 've been playing Sims for about six years now , both Sims 1 and 2 . For the past six years I have alway wanted a weather capability and now I finally have it . Having it be able to snow or rain or any other weather phenomena brings even more realism to Sims.The game brings new items such as
 The Sims 2 Seasons adds A LOT to gameplay ! I as fairly disappointed after the release of The Sims 2 University - it lacked many objects and new gameplay . Seasons has both ! After getting Sims fed , rested , and to the bathroom , there is usually very little time for them to do much else . Thats why this expansion pack is great - the seasons come naturally , as if in real life . Maxis promised us Seasons in the making of The Sims 2 game , and they definitely delivered on this one ! There are dozens of new items , wallpapers , flooring , roofs , clothing , and even some new hairstyles . Sims can now play Marco-Polo in the pool , and go fishing in ponds ! This expansion pack is a little more graphic-intense than the others , so make sure you are running at least the minimum specs on your computer . People I have talked to -LRB- as well as myself -RRB- , do n't appear to be having too much trouble with game lag after installing this expansion pack . I highly recommend Seasons , as one of , if not THE best expansion pack for The Sims 2 genre .
 If you 're bored of The Sims 2 because it seems to shift in circles of the same routine , over and over again with the exception of a few changes -LRB- different families , different jobs , etc. -RRB- then Seasons is definitely for you . The seasons not only add many different climates but the weather actually changes ! From snow , to rain to a blistering hot day your Sims will never be bored and will always be facing some surprising circumstances . You 're getting this review from the point of view of a 16 year old who 's played the Sims games since pretty much the dawn of time -LRB- I jest , but you know what I mean -RRB- and I 'll list you the pros and cons below.Pros : + The seasons ! That 's an obvious one , but instead of being stuck in a seemingly always green and summery world your Sims have the options to experience Spring , Summer , Autumn and Winter ! + The weather changes ! Have you ever wished to see snow fall and wonder on your Sims ' faces at the first snow of the season ? How about experience a random rain storm ? Bright , hot , blistering weather good for splashing around in the pool ? Well now your Sims can have all this ! + Fun new activities include
 Best expansion pack I have for the sims , I even think it is better than open for business . I suggest that if you are a sim lover you should get this game , because its just pure fun !
 This expansion pack to add to your Sims 2 game . New items , new clothes , new type of sim :-RRB- , new hair , and new seasons :P Wow amazing ! Sims can have snow ball fights , play catch , have water balloon fights , fish , even pet a penguin !! Your sims can be converted in to Plant sims , where all they need is water , sunlight , and fun -LRB- i think ? -RRB- to stay alive . You can put leftovers which saves on filling up the fridge . You can also plant and grow fruit trees to fill up the fridge or sell for money.Do be warned your sims can over heat or freeze to death ! but this is easy to avoid with the little thermometer next to the sims pic in the bottom left corner . Just keep an eye on it to make sure they are n't getting to hot or cold. : -RRB-
 I LOVE this game sooo much , this is my all time favorite sims game and I highly recommend it to any sims lover ! What makes this expansion so cool is the fact that there a 4 different seasons ! In the winter it snows in the summer it is hot . Also your sim now has a thermometer to show how hot , cold , or in between they are .
 This is probably my favorite Sims 2 expansion pack . The weather element adds so much to the game for me ! I love being able to grow fruits and vegetables and have my sims have outdoor activities they really enjoy ! As an added bonus , it 's surprisingly soothing when thundershowers come through your neighborhood ! Control of the weather is totally in the players hands ; if you love winter , then you have the power to set your towns to experience winter only . Create a beach side town where every day boasts Fourth of July heat . Lots of fun possibilities with this expansion pack . I recommend it alongside University as two must have expansions .
 I 've been playing The Sims 2 for awhile , but never really enjoyed The Sims 3 . Since I 've ventured back towards The Sims 2 , I started to buy up some of the expansion packs I had never tried before . I am SO glad I purchased Seasons so early on in this process ! Not only does Seasons add on more careers -LRB- my personal favorite , as I tend to get bored with the regular ones -RRB- and more social interactions , but watching your Sims experience fall and winter is just plain awesome.I 've never had a problem with my Sims getting struck by lightning and/or catching on fire due to raking leaves and I 've been playing the game for the past month or so , and I have no complaints . I am running this on a new MacBook Pro , however , so that might address my -LRB- lack of -RRB- graphics or running issues .
 Sims 2 Seasons Expansion Pack.I 've been waiting for this game to come out for mac for four whole months . Im soooooo excited ! I know this is going to sound bad but i 've have not acually gotton the game yet but im getting it tommorow july 13,2007 . I 've done sooo much research on it i absoulutly know its going to be fantastic ! It rocks !!!!!!!!!! Hope you find this helpful .
 The Sims 2 Seasons is the best expansion pack that I have played so far . The changing of the seasons keeps the game interesting and the added items like clothing and sim interactions are always fun . However , the best part of the game is the garden and fruit trees that you can plant and take care of . You can then use the food in a juicer and get skill points for certain juices . Plus any excess food that you prepare on the stove can be saved for later -LRB- leftovers -RRB- . Plus you can fish and cook the fish that you caught , which fills your sim up quickly . The only thing that gets a little annoying after much playing time is that when your sims become very good at gardening , they may turn into a plant creature , which is really fun at first , but after awhile it 's a bit annoying . But there is a quick remedy for that in the form of a drink that you can buy , so it should n't discourage anyone from getting this game .
 I bought this game for my fiance , and she loves it . It offers expanded furniture , kitchen things , and clothing as well as changing seasons and 6 new careers . I would recommend this game to anyone who uses a mac and likes The Sims 2 .
 The SIMS can go through day by day now season by season ?! I love it !!!! Fall is my fav , except for when I choose to burn the pile of leaves I just raked , the fire spreads to me and then my character dies >:[ But what can you do ... ? This is an awesome expansion pack .
 The main addition this expansion offers is well , seasons . Gameplay-wise , the new gardening aspect is n't exactly too impressive , and the idea that your sims have a temperature meter is interesting in that you can monitor your sims ' health a bit easier . Ultimately , Seasons offer different looks to your neighborhood so you have a better sense of time as seasons come and go .
 I waited forever for this game ! I 'm sorry to say it is a little slow on my computer but it 's worth it . The effects are great , in winter it snows , and your sim children sometimes get snowdays , and are allowed to stay home or catch up on homework . A great way to do this is to get the weather machine in the rewards objects and have your sim create a snow storm . Another cool object is the juicer . using the different produce your sims grow in their new green houses , you can make juices that give your sims skill points or boost their energy.Hint
 I have n't gotten to play Seasons much , but so far I like it . My favorite reaction so far is when the Sim gets cold & wants to go jump in the pool !
 I love this expansion pack . My favorite so far.Also , Amazon is amazing ... the expansion pack shipped earlier than expected and I was not charged anything extra for it . Thank you Amazon .
 Amazon are against education in California.Amazon reaction to the California Governor 's attempts to balance the budget in California will hurt kids . Boycott Amazon .
 I ordered this game thinking I would have to send it back , for I have had bad luck with Amazon in the past . But my Sims 2 game works fine . The downloading process was a little confusing , but the outcome is great . The game plays wonderful . I would definitely buy from this guy again .
 I love playing Sims , so this expansion pack adds a lot of fun things to my existing game .
 I highly recommend The Games Factory 2 . I am making a game called IcyGun , about that ChocoBreak guy , who gets stuck in a nightmare with the ability to shoot mint blocks from the donut-umbrella thingy he 's holding . It explains his name is Jack . He shoots mints and goes on to the next level . Sadly , only the first level is done , and I need to program THREE COMMANDS PER FRAME , however this does n't work until the frame before level one . -LRB- PROGRAMMING FOR NOTHING -RRB- I hope I finish IcyGun ! P.S. I do n't care about 3D graphics or stuff like that , just to be proud that I have what I have .
 My four-year-old son has tired of mere level editors in video games . He asked me how to make his own games from scratch . There 's no way a four-year-old is going to learn Java or C# , so I downloaded ClickTeam 's Games Factory 2 . He has created five simple games already.It 's all dragging and dropping . There are no file handles , IO streams , inheritance , polymorphism , or other other sophisticated programming concepts . In fact , there 's really not any scripting , just clicking.The level of sophistication you can create is on par with the average Intellivision or Atari 2600 game . However , the graphics can be high resolution and in full color . You can import WAV files for audio . It has options for creating multiplayer games , connecting to the Internet , saving high scores , and many other extras.You could easily recreate your favorite 2D games
 This product is great for beginning game developers . I would say 90 % of the activities that one carries out in this softwared are `` Drag-n-Drop '' . There are plenty of tutorials that are easy to follow.However , if you are an experienced game designer , or are totally enthusiastic toward game design/development , then you might prefer investigating a less expensive alternative , yet one that may prove to be more flexible ... `` Game Maker '' . The `` Game Maker '' software follows the same drag-n-drop philosopy , but also incorporates the use of a scripting language if you find the need for this . The basic software is free with unlimited use . In addition , upgrading to the Pro edition , from the free , is only $ 20.00 ! You might want to give this software a try before you purchase TGF , at $ 50 + dollars .
 I found that Gamesfactory was the perfect program for anybody aspiring to custom-make a game . Learning and using the software was easy because of the tutorials included and the ease-of-use setup .
 I started with the free demo and I was able to create a basic `` breakout '' game in about an hour . I then spent the rest of the day modifying it so that it utilized pictures from a database that I sell . When I was done , I bought the full version and in a matter of a few minutes I had a game that I could give away to my customers and I uploaded it to my wed site.This game is the most effective marketing tool I have and it was less than $ 65 with shipping . My customers could not be happier !
 I had to get this for a Virtual Games class in college so I explored medium-level activities of the software . If you have programming background and understand logic well , you shoudl have a leg up in making some impressive introductory games . If you check out the independent games in XBOX Live Arcade , you will see what types of things you can expect to build , with some practice of course . I found the ease in which you could build and interact with the contect very good and would highly recommend it for someone looking to get a first look at what game building would be like as a profession . Once you can master this , you are well on your way to understanding game development so give it a try if any of this sounds good to you.OK , I said it was a little quirky . To really get into detail with some complex movements and interactions , you will find that it does n't always give you the precision you may want and thus you have to take it with a grain of salt . Also , there is not a ton of help content so you will need to review the tutorials others have provided on the site to really ramp up your skills .
 My son wanted to `` build his own '' video games . This is easy and fun for him .
 My son is 10 and enjoys building his own games . It is a little more challenging than the games he puts together from the internet but that is a good things as it stretches his mind . I am happy with the purchase .
 My daughter loved this , found it challenging and fun . Her cousin loved it , too .
 I purchased this for my grandson.He loves Pac-Man . . in fact he did his own &#34; stop-motion &#34; DVD featuring pac-man theme and entered it in the school technology fair ... Won first place !
 Grandson was very excited to get this for CHristmas!I am sure he will get many hours of entertainment from it !
 Another happy child when she opened it on Christmas Day ! A classic game for all ages . played with it for hours .
 The game was great . It met all of my expectations and more !!! Thanks , I would purchase from you anytime again !!!
 He really got a big kick out of playing this game.Bought many things for him at Amazon and also got good quality
 Pac-Man World 3 differed quite a lot from the previous games in the series , but it 's still a very fun game . However , it featured a lot of content . The environments were huge and the levels were long . There were loads of cutscenes and dialogue with a clever sense of humor . Not to mention , there 's a museum complete with collectible cards , the classic Pac-Man game , and there are Galaxians scattered around levels that allow you to play techno-esc mazes . How will the DS respond?Well ... It does n't carry any of the new mazes or the classic Pac-Man . Instead , there 's a `` VR Maze '' as an extra , and it 's actually the original Pac-Man 's maze , but you can only play it once before `` YOU WIN ! '' pops up . The other extra is the interview with the creator of Pac-Man , but apparently , it 's not a video . It 's made of still pictures FROM THE VIDEO . The DS can handle video , people ! Use that for your advantage , developers!Despite the poor presentation -LRB- Although the title screen looked pretty awesome -RRB- , this is actually a faithful port of the console game . However , certain elements have been simplified , and some enemies take less hits . The levels end rather abruptly too . There 's also no dialogue or cutscenes , and if you press a switch , the camera does n't pan over to see what was being affected by the switch , so you have to figure out for yourself . Speaking of which , the camera could use work.Underneath the flaws , though , the game is pretty intact . The levels are large and the environments are detailed , and the fun gameplay is there . In case you have n't already known about what PMW3 has to offer , you still have Pac-Man 's Butt-Bounce and Rev Roll moves from the past two games , but now you can punch , and perform combos with the Butt-Bounce . There are also different kinds of Power Pellets that give you a certain power . Oh , yes . And you can Wall Jump.But even though I really like getting the chance to play a mostly intact PMW3 on the go , the flaws within the game prevent this from being a 5-star title . Personally , the problems do n't affect my experience by THAT much , but I still feel like they should n't have existed in the first place . For example , Namco could have just made the `` VR Maze '' repeat so that way it 's like arcade Pac-Man . Heck , why not just replace that overall with the actual Pac-Man game ? And why the heck ca n't the game simply tell me where to go after I press a switch that affects another part of the level?But overall , this is a solid game . If you want to play Pac-Man World 3 on the go , this is definitely for you . However , for a top-notch DS adventure , I would rather prefer you buy Super Mario 64 DS , or the 2D Sonic titles released for the system .
 I never really got to play this game as I bought it as a birthday present for my younger sister , but she really seems to enjoy it and so does n't my brother . It was a great present : -RRB-
 Deer Hunter 3 Gold is a great game . Not only does it have a large arsenal of weapons including semi-automatic 12-gauge shotguns , .44 caliber pistols -LRB- my favorite : o -RCB- -RRB- , and different claiber rifles for different sized prey , but also includes a new feature where you are the deer ! You can drive around in four different vehicles including ATVs , trucks , and boats . There is scent cover up , a long distance sight scope to see your prey close up , and two racks of antlers to slam together to get the does interested . There is also a GPS unit which helps you see exactly where you are in the vast deer world . This is a fantastic game and with that I give it a five star rating .
 For $ 20 I do not expect to get a quake like experience , nor do I expect to have the latest graphics engine screaming on my screen like SOME people would . Having owed Deer Hunter , Deer Hunter 2 , Deer Hunter 3 Gold and played demos from other companies , you just ca n't get better than this for budget software . WizardWorks has come a long way since the days of Deer Hunter 1 ! You want graphics with NO GAME PLAY ? Try TNN Outdoors Hunting Sim . Aleast this one has great game play with decent , albeit not state-of-the-art graphics . The game is STABLE with little to no major bugs -LRB- unlike others I have seen -RRB- . Hands down the best hunting sim out to date . Oh and playing as the deer in multiplayer games is a HOOT !
 I Love this game . I accually play it more than I should . I Love the fact that you can be a deer and be hunted by friends online.You can also Play to Competive to see who can get the most deer.Also you can chat to your friends while you play about a big deer comeing their way.I 'll give you a hint . Play Mercer , WI when you get it . if you grunt , wait 2 min . and 10 deer will come in .
 I have recently bought this game . Personally , on a scale from 1-10 it should be an 11 . This game teaches you the triumphs of a doctor . I think that if you are considering Emergency Medicine as a career , this is a great idea . Sound easy ? Nope . This game is very exciting , intense , and addicting ! I hope this helps !
 Well I bought ER2 for my daughter about a year ago when she was a senoir in highschool and becuase she enjoyed this `` game '' so much she is now a freshman in med school and enjoying it very much . I just purchased Disaster Strikes for my son who cant seem to stop playing the game long enough so I can play - so I bought a copy for myself . I would recomend this product to anyone who wants to know what its like to make life or death descisions . Its Awsome !
 I have every single one of the ER ... games . This one has been my favorite since I got it . I love the easy-to-use features and variety of patients . There is even a doctor 's lounge where you can play a video game ! This is very realistic . The nurses are sometimes hostile towards you , the new doctor . This is worth the money , unlike ER3 ...
 This game goes a lot smoother and faster than ER2 , plus it 's a bit harder . However , I got to the top very easily -LRB- as I did in ER2 -RRB- . Also , the video sequences are filled with useless information and very bad actors . Nevertheless , I found this to be an exciting game , well worth playing .
 I had a blast with this one . I enjoyed being able to pick from three disaster scenes , seeing the `` patients '' themselves tell me their symptoms in video format and picking patients on sight rather than by chart . A few things did bother me-eg , most of these cases should have been treated on site instead of taken by ambulance to the hospital , and I 'd have liked to have an option there , and some of the injuries or illnesses did n't relate to the scenarios -LRB- eg , an ear infection -RRB- which was a little off-putting . And like all of the Legacy Interactive ER games , there are a few bugs but nothing that ca n't be fixed with the patches on the site . Definitely a lot of fun .
 This game is cool , but it is more like an actual medical class than a game . Do n't get me wrong , I like a challenge but there is way too much reading . If I wanted to read that much I 'd grab a book . But once you do read and are able to help your patients it is rewarding . I can really imagine how a doctor would feel after making someone feel better .
 This is real cool , you have to treat loads of realistic and gory things , it 's fun , you can get promotions to , from medical student , to chief o staff . You can even get help by clicking somein ' , you patients talk at you , they can also die . Then the Chief of Staff , Dr. Ed Snyder -LRB- ? -RRB- will review your profromense , and if you killed the patient he 'll insult you or say somein ' stupid like `` Doctor , this is a Hospital , not the Morgue ! ''
 Ever wondered what it would be like to run from the police instead of just pulling over when those pretty red lights are in your rear view mirror ? Well Driver lets you do just that . You are the wheel man in this great game . You start out as ex-stockcar racing driver who is hired by the local law enforcement to go undercover and infiltrate the local organized crime . But when your hired , it seems as though your boss forgot to tell the rest of the force you were a good guy . You begin in a cheap hotel room with a decent ride sitting outside , a car similar to a 69 ' camaro . You get Jobs or missions by answering the telephone in your room . These consist of anything from giving someone a ride , driving your car through the front of a store window , or even being the get away man for a bank robery.Driver pretty much gives you total freedom to go anywhere in the city you are currently at . The controls are very simple to learn , but for anyone who wants to realy experience this game I would advise buying a steering wheel , it realy enhances the game play . The actual game is pretty tough , the police can downright be insanely tough to get away from . The graphics are wonderfull , providing great eye candy around every corner . While you drive around , the game records your every move letting you later on make a movie of your most recent drive . The options in this director mode are wonderfull . Enabling you to recreate those cool car chases from the old 70 's and 80 's flicks like `` Gone in 60 Seconds . `` Overall Driver is a great game that will appeal to anyone who likes driving games . It provides fast furious chases , a mix of different scenarios , and some great extras . You may find it a tad difficult at first but stick with it , and in the end you will be happy you did . Do n't pass this one up , a must for anyone who likes any type of driving game .
 Driver is a revolution in the cargames genre . It 's fast , cool and it has really good car chases . The graphics is very good , and you have full control over the car almost the whole time , except if you are running at max speed and try to take the curves without slowing down . One cool feature is that everything is recorded so you can save and edit the chases afterwards . Then you can alter the camera views and angles , in just a few minutes you have a really cool car chase scene . It 's one of the best driving games in all time .
 I bought driver about a year a go after playing it on my friends Dell . The graphics on this game are simply amazing . The maps are very detailed and the game is fairly fun . The one problem I ran into was that the game was too difficult . I was very disappointed that after several tries and much practice I was still not able to get to the missions part of the game . This makes the game a whole lot less fun but over all this is a great game . I would not recommend this to people who are not serious gamers .
 The JUMPS , the CHASES , the ACTION it 's ALL GOOD!I bought this game one year ago and have been playing it everyday since . I LOVE getting hit by the cops into the sky and watching it over and over on the replay . I LOVE raming into the other guy in front of me . There is so much I love about this game but there are a few reasons why I could n't give it five stars.There are n't enough slots to save your replays.Very hard missions . I still ca n't get to New York after one year of playing.I ca n't save during or after some missions ! Very annoying.But , that 's just the mission mode . There are other modes you can play wich are vey fun . Such as pursuit where you try to ram someone , and a whole lot more . This game can be annoying sometimes but overall it is a very FUN game . It 's definitely worth the price .
 Driver is a good game the graphics are awsome the controls are good and the game play kicks butt.You will get hooked onn this game like hell.If you are looking for a driving game you found the right game .
 Driver is a good game the graphics are awsome the controls are good and the game play kicks butt.You will get hooked onn this game like hell.If you are looking for a driving game you found the right game .
 Although this game is overall quite unrealistic , it is thrilling ; thus making it extraordinary within the theatre of today 's xbox and xbox 360 games . IT is certainly a must-have
 Driver and Unreal are my two favorite games now.If you like Unreal better than Quake because it has a plot , and you liked Starsky and Hutch , the Blues Brothers , or Dukes of Hazzard for the car chases , this is the game for you . The main difference between this and most other driving games is that it has a plot and precision counts . There are excellent training courses for getting you up to speed as a hired gun wheelman . It took me a while to learn how to get around corners without totalling the car , but the provided practice games were more than enough to allow me to pass the mob 's driving test after a day or so of play.Unlike a previous reviewer who had bad luck with a G3/300 , I also have a Beige G3/300 with Rage Orion and get excellent results , full frame rates , no hiccups , but only with the rear view mirror * off * . The only difference could be I have 150MB to his 128M and virtual memory * off * . -LRB- The game requires 85M -RRB- I saw none of the vision problems of this same reviewer . The only problems I have with the game is the somewhat cumbersome user interface for selecting games and the fact that it has to reload each level -LRB- not too long , but cumbersome -RRB- even if you are starting the same one over.I play NASCAR with a joystick so I was worried about the keyboard control , but I prefer the keyboard for this game , it is well tuned for keyboard only . Just arrow keys for acclerator and wheel , plus another key to pull the hand brake to skid smoothly through tight turns into alleys.Lots of driving games get old for me pretty quick without human opponents , not this one . Maybe once the plot line is through I 'll get bored , but so far I end every game grinning and wanting more , even if the cops busted me.Maybe that 's the real draw , it is so realistic you feel like you could be driving in your own neighborhood , doing all the things you wish you could do . This game lets you do that ... unless the cops are watching .
 One of the best most fun games you will ever try . The only problem is if you are under about 550 MHZ you may experience some slowing in the game like longer loading and pausing in the game to finish the loading sequence .
 The game was fun though the graphic was disappointing because of negative distortion . The other thing is that the box claimed that each of the cities are familiar , it should have been none of the above . First of all , the police vehicle marking is all wrong - the San Francisco Police vehicle is black and white - though the rear is black , not white as it is shown here in the game . The other thing is the badge . The star with the SFPD logo is not placed since the marking may have been unknown . The other thing , the MUNI buses , the street cars and the other San Francisco landmarks are missing , misplaced or poorly designed .
 Enjoy yourself with this driving experience . Not to difficult to master the driving with the keyboard . Music soundtrack helps to move you along from place to place .
 Besides from the control , this game is amazing . I found that getting a driving peripheral really helps you , the driver , out with ditching those pathetic police -LRB- which get more and more intelligent bye the use of reoad blocks as the game gets deeper -RRB- . A MUST HAVE!Who likes to eat a lot of cheese ?
 Let me start off by saying that the demos included in this iteration of the XBOX EXHIBITION -LRB- volume 3 -RRB- were pretty weak . There just was n't anything really compelling this time around and all had been included on the monthly XBOX Magazine discs , which was n't the case with the other 2 discs . What else is there ? Some downloads -LRB- Kola Cell level for Splinter Cell and some additions to RunLikeHell -RRB- , some music videos , and more importantly , some footage from E3 and of soon-to-be released titles like Halo 2 , Fable , and PGR2 . I think the footage and G4 videos were worth the cost of the disc and it provides a decent look at what we 'll be playing tomorrow.The Exhibition disc is affordably price and at this point , I sort of look forward to collecting these discs every 3 months or so . Here 's a tip
 The demos on this game are plenty -LRB- MotoGP 2 , Brute Force , NBA Street Vol . 2 , Gladius , etc. -RRB- and each demo is large . There is great game footage of upcoming and new games -LRB- Halo 2 , Links 2004 , Top Spin , etc. -RRB- the downloadable level `` Kola Cell '' for Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell and other content for RLH , music videos -LRB- Rooney , Queens of the Stone Age , etc. -RRB- , and even the short -LRB- and spectacular -RRB- BMW Films movie `` Ticker '' is on the disc in DVD Quality . Overall a great disc for a low price . Worth buying .
 Fantastic fun to play . The graphics are great . You will want to play it again and again .
 If the primary reason you purchase Tony Hawk 's games are for the graphical resolution , you may be dissappointed . I was a big fan of the Downhill Jam level on the original Pro Skater , and have been looking for something similar for a long time . This was it . I could not put down the controller . Not having the impossible task lisk of stunts was a refreshing break from the norm and allowed me to enjoy the game for what it is . A fun and strangely addictive diversion . You can either try to expediate your way through the levels , of which there are 10 with between 6 to 10 courses for each level , or you can focus on one course and try to perfect it . Some of the courses were mind bogglingly simple , where as others took some skill and course knowledge in order for you to excel . There are about 8 different venues . Each venue is broken down into 3 courses , which as you advance through the game are combined to make grander courses , with the apex being the `` Top to Bottom '' runs . Through each venues you will be tasked to `` Race '' vs. 4 other computer skaters , `` Slalom '' through the course hitting gates to increase your time , `` Trick '' your way to the highest score -LRB- including slow motion gates to allow to pull off impossible combos mid-air -RRB- , and some `` Special '' courses . The `` Specials '' include gathering up coins -LRB- feeling a little Mario Bros. -RRB- , beating down on pedestrians -LRB- which can feel very pedestrian , unless you need to vent some real-life frustrations in a constructive way -RRB- , and elimination events , during which the time clock is divided up and the person in last at those times is eliminated . To top it off , there is the multi-player option to allow you to go hth vs. friends and family for hours of entertainment . While Downhill Jam was ' t the next evolution of the Tony Hawk series , it was well worth the price for the entertainment it has given me and it will give me matching off against my nephews .
 it has better graphics , than the nintendo ds , more achievments to do , a color full aray of characters , you could be suspenede in the are and trick out , you could wall ride off the side of some buildings you could grind shift into manual and get big air for yours flip tricks
 It came in a very timely fashion ... great quality and is a great purchase
 this game is great ist easy to controll your bike and create trix.its fun as you start a career and earn money and new bikes to make it to the top .
 This game is so cool the gameplay is so fun you will be enjoying this game for years !
 seems to work on my xp machine , do n't know why it does n't work on other people 's . Only thing bad about this is that the graphics are not as good as the arcade version . But what do you expect with a game this old ? Perhaps if it was written today , it would match the arcade graphics version . Otherwise the game is pretty awesome and has many more configuration and play modes than the arcade version . The instructions are pretty spotty , but if you press enough keys you 'll figure out how and where things are -LRB- like F1 and F2 and F4 for example -RRB- if you use keyboard .
 This game actually has fair graphics and gives some decent 3-d endings but it really is short on characters . Scorpion , Jax , Sonya and Sub-Z return but that is basically it.The style of fighting is similar to UMK3 except that you can use weapons -LRB- somewhat -RRB- and move horizontally in the environment , which makes projectiles a bit less useful . The uber-boss , Shinnok , is actually a playable character and is far too easy to beat while the sub-boss , Goro , is next to impossible to defeat except with 1 or 2 specific fighters.Overall , I think this was one of the best MK games simply because it carries in the tradition of the glory days -LRB- MK 3 -RRB- . Note * This game did not work for me on Windows XP so beware , I also doubt that it will even run on Windows 2000 . Unless you have a pre-historic operating system , you might do best to pick this game up on a console aka PS2 .
 This item arrived fast from My Gear Store , and I could not beat the price . Game Stop wanted 3X as much for their DDR pad ! It works great too !
 DOA is a different kind of fighting game . It 's not just about combos and quick reaction times , it 's about fighting with strategy and learning to anticipate your opponent 's moves.The core of this game is fantastic . It consists of a seemingly simple system of attacks -LRB- punches , kicks , etc -RRB- , throws , and counters . Counters beat attacks , throws beat counters , and attacks beat throws . It 's a rock-paper-scissors affair . However , the gameplay has far more depth to it than that , which results more in `` feeling '' the game out more than practicing combos and timing over and over again like most fighters.However , the game 's frustration level , in accordance with Team Ninja 's style , is at times simply overbearing . Sometimes it seems like the CPU ` cheats ' because it can anticipate your moves waaay too well . And the end boss character is one of the most frustrating bosses I 've ever fought.The only thing left to cover is the online play , which is fantastic only if you never get tired of ninjas . Sure , it is true that there is no such thing as a truly balanced fighting game . But Team Ninja is so obviously dipping the favor towards the ninja characters -LRB- 4 in total -RRB- , that it 's somewhat pointless to bother playing as any other character . You 'll see what I mean after you 've fought Ryu Hayabusa for the 70th time in a row ...
 Well I have played this a lot lately , and well what can I say this game is a must-have for your x360 collection.This game is hard , I mean the normal setting is hard , and learning to play will be a pain if you have never played another DoA game . But that 's what really makes the game fun , to be able to say that you can finish history mode or even time attack without losing once to the boss ... that 's just great.Overall is a great game and I recommend you get it , there 's still plenty people playing on Live and well for the price this is one of the best purchases you can make for you x360 .
 the DOA series has always been my favorite game series of all time . My brother in law finally got a 360 and I had the game already for when I got mine , so I decided to try it out . All I could say was `` wow '' Everyone is faster , more complex moveset , better countering system , and amazing graphics . They removed a lot of the landing of moves , for instance , if someone is high in the air , you can still do Ayane 's back + punch down + kick and it 'll land , which is AWESOME !! If you 're a newbie at DOA , you 're going to really despise it , as it is a difficult game . The computer is ruthless and will not take a break until you are dead , or it 's dead . Before you had a couple seconds to get up , now you do n't =-RRB- Also , if you 're a newbie , go into the settings and do n't you dare try to set the computer AI to hard , you 'll want to punch your TV really really bad . I 've been playing DOA for many years and I can say that Tecmo did an excellent job in the final DOA game.ps - it took me at least 6 tries on my first try to kill Alpha -LRB- the boss -RRB- . she 's the kind of fighter that hits you six times , grabs you , then you miraculously get a KO . do n't be too quick with her , she 'll punish you , be smart . but not too slow either = -RRB- in closing , if you like fighting games , get this . it 's difficult , but once you learn it , it 's one of the most fun games out there , IMO
 Now I 've never `` really '' been a big fighting games guy aside from the DOA games and Soul Calibur . Anyway , DOA4 is a nice addition to the DOA franchise . The new and improved HD graphics are nice and shiny as they should be . All in all the game engine seemes quite refined from previous DOA installments making the moves slicker and faster than ever . With unlockables galore it is quite fun to see some of the cool stuff Team Ninja packed into this game . -LRB- I.E. Halo Spartan-458 unlockable character -RRB- Only things I can say that make this game a 3 Star rating for fun and a 4 Star rating for overall playability is in the game 's execution . The Story Mode is as convoluted and vague as ever . The encounters with other characters in Story Mode , which were kinda hokey to begin with , are extremely silly . -LRB- I.E. Li-Fang and Hitomi get into a fight over a head of lettuce . -RRB- More than one occassion the encounter cut-scene rolled and by the end of it I was slack-jawed with a `` you-can ` t-be-serious '' expression on my face . The end cut-scenes in Story Mode were ... okay . Some were downright cool . Others I just wanted to shoot my XBox , or at the very least Team Ninja.What 's annoying , each opponent you face in Story Mode get 's progressively harder , as it should . However it 's not so much that they get harder as it is they combo you endlessly until you are dead . There were fights that started , my opponent gets in the first hit -LRB- and I 'm pretty quick on the controls -RRB- , then they keep hitting ... and hitting ... and hitting ... So it becomes very tedious when you ca n't get even a single hit in.Now here 's the kicker ... the end-all-be-all of why I did ' t rate this game higher . The end boss is TOO hard . Now DOA 's boss battles are kind of a tradeoff . DOA2 , Tengu can combo you and hits like a truck , as well as he has ranged attacks . DOA3 , Omega -LRB- Genra -RRB- fight was a disaster to mankind . Now we get the Alpha-152 fight in DOA4 . This Super-Kasumi Clone hit 's like a truck and is fast like a freak . She teleports JUST out of your reach , then combos you eight to twelve times , and slams you onto the ground which explosively shocks you . If that does n't kill you then it 's a miracle . She has killed me -LRB- on more than one occasion -RRB- in two to three hits . If that was n't annoying her teleporting around makes her dang near impossible . She 'll teleport just out of your reach and hit you or teleport behind you and attack then . Not to mention her attacks are almost ALL unblockable.All in all if you 're a hardcore DOA fan this is an awesome game . If you 're a fan of fighting games this one is fun to play but only if you 're going to do survival , multiplayer , or the like . Otherwise , it 's worth a rent but do n't waste sleep over it .
 I got this for my sister , who just got out of he hospital . She loves the dead or alive line of games and wanted this one for her graduation present . I decided to not make her wait and got it a little after her birthday . It took a while to get here but she was excited to receive it before June . She said its a little different than playing the Ps2 or Ps3 version but she likes it none the less . this is the first dead or alive game that she has for the Xbox 360 , so its sort of a big deal for her . Runs fantastic and greatly priced .
 This is not a game for the weak-hearted
 I liked the game a lot . It seems like I had more fun with Dead or Alive Ultimate , though . However , if you are a fan of the franchise you need to get it .
 Dead or Alive 4 is a great addition to the franchise . They brought back some characters from DOA 3 that werent in DOA Ultimate which I like alot . As far as gameplay its pretty much still the same and there arent very many changes . There were a few graphical tweaks for making charged blows look more powerful by giving them a sort of wind gust/dimensional rift affect . If you like the other ones then you will like this one
 While this is a tricky game to master , on the default settings . I 've found that its using the normal Xbox 360 controllers are the reason why people find this game lacking . So therefor using an arcade-style stick such as Hori ` sXbox360 Fighting Stick EX 2will improve your game . After all , it is why SFIV fans are clammering for Madcat ` sXbox 360 Street Fighter IV FightStick Tournament Edition
 Overall an excellent game . Better graphics , faster paced , and a much more difficult boss than previous titles . The boss does get frustrating in story and time-attack mode . Nice Halo related bonuses/easter-egg .
 Good times . I spent about 6 hours unlocking all the videos . Some nice eye candy in some , others are just goofy . Great value .
 I know this game has been out since last year but since I just got my Xbox 360 this February I did n't know what to expect . Once I got this game Amazed and Surprised are what I felt the graphics for this game were beyond belief with what I was thinking about the fluid way the characters attack and move was excellent as well as the visual background . The thing I also liked was that they did n't dub the original voices for an English audio do n't get me wrong I usually do n't mind when they dub the game for the most part but there are sometimes when you want to hear the original V.A of the game . Like one reviewer said it is sometimes frustrating when you 're fighting and trying to counter or block your opponents attack and nothing seems to go your way in the battle round but you have to calm down and think about it would you rather have so easy opponents to battle against that the game gets boring after a few hours ? I already heard that a DOA 5 game is in the works for 2009 if it does come out for the 360 I will definitely be getting that game as well.So All in All if you like the fighting games like Tekken or Virtual Fighter I say this game is greatly worth it as well ... I like to do an update on my review of this game since I am now able to play online with my Xbox 360 . I have checked a few of my other 360 games online and the speed and action with those games leaves no complaints sadly this is probably the only fault I have with DOA 4 , the game greatly lags with this game causing more than a few headaches so while VF5 does n't suffer from this I 'd advise players to just stick with single player mode with this game do n't try playing online with this still entertaining game ...
 I love the Dead or Alive series ! Dead or Alive 3 and 4 are the best . Dead or Alive 4 is the best Xbox 360 fighting game and has superior graphics to even PS3 games . This is an amazing game ! The online play is fun and it flows smoothly . Buy This game you wo n't regret it !
 Great fun game to play , good online interface , great stages , awesome players , pretty much a great game .
 The game Dead or Alive 4 was received in a timely manner and packaged well . The game was ordered for two of my sons ; and they have been well pleased with it . The graphics are good and it is simply `` cool '' to play .
 The game was perfect , and everything that i expected ! Runs great , and i guess it also helps that i bought it new . I would recommend this company to anyone .
 This game requires little of you . You can play with little thought , but it 's still fun . The little Chuzzles are adorable .
 This game is fun for so many age groups . My 7 year old and my 14 year old nieces both love the game . They got me to try it and now I find myself -LRB- 0ver 40 -RRB- playing it often . I will say this the music is a little bit much but the game is equally fun without the sound . Easy to learn and a boat load of fun . I would recommend this for the entire family .
 This is a silly , pointless game , however it is a good distraction if your just killing a little time . It can become a little addictive if you 're not careful . So much so , that my wife sometimes calls herself a Chuzzle widow .
 I love this game ... I enjoy it ... it 's like sit/play game for few hours ! ca n't help it but fun game ! cute fuzz balls !
 I have n't even PLAYED this game but based solely on Detra 's review I 'm going to buy one for my grandkids and for me . I 'm sure my grandsons will become an experts at `` chuzzlebugging '' in no time , lol.Hat 's off to Detra . What a great review . I 'd love to see these kinds of reviews more often . It really makes a difference to shoppers.Thanks , Detra
 I loved Bejeweled but CHUZZLE ROCKS MY WORLD it is a kick butt game . It is high additive game and zen mode on the Chuzzle the best if you want just to have layback game with no pressure.I can spend hours playing the zen mode on Chuzzle . I am buying this game for everyone i know for a christmas gift . If you want awesome game this is the for you .
 GREAT GAME WITH HOURS OF NON-STOP FUN , BUT THE MUSIC ASSOCIATED WITHGAME IS ANNOYING AFTER A SHORT WHILE .
 I could play Zen Chuzzle for hours and not notice all that time has past !
 The object of the game is simple
 it 's a great brain teaser and the chuzzies are fun to click on . they burp , squeak and even sneeze , he - fun for the whole family !!
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PURCHASED , AND SO MUCH MORE THAN WHAT IS AVAILABLE ONLINE , SO MANY SURPRISE AWARDS AND SO MANY DIFFERENT WAYS TO PLAY
 Remember Circus Atari ? Remember how much more entertaining it was to * not * catch the clowns in the bucket ? The way their little legs would kick after they went splat on the floor ? Chuzzle is a bit like that.You 're presented with a screen full of gonks -- those little pompom things with the googly eyes -- and are charged with matching three of the same color . When you do this , and it is n't difficult , they scream -LRB- oh , all right , they squeak -RRB- , explode , and their lives ' essences are sucked into a flask . Possibly the flask is Gonk Heaven . This is accompanied by a throbbing disco soundtrack , which you will find either amusing or enraging , and which will haunt you in your sleep.Pros
 I bought this game for our before and after school child care program . The kids love it ! They have all borrowed it to take home , and put it on their computer . I have it on my computer at home -LRB- my sister and I share -RRB- . She is 78 yrs , and I am 73 . It sure keeps our brains active , I would recommend this game for 5 yrs up to 100 . You ca n`t be too old or too young for it .
 I 'm 63 and like arcade type games . I like that this game has such a variety of styles , and different types of challenges . I also appreciate that it has a Zen mode . My 6 year old granddaughter does n't like the frustration of losing and this game lets her have fun , learn thinking skills and just keep going . The only down side is that it does n't hold the fascination for me as long as some others ... but then I did n't pay as much for it either . I do keep going back to it for short challenges in the evening . I give it a thumbs up and am pleased to have it in my collection .
 I purchased this game because I would normally played it online.I decided it would be better to own and play the full version.It is a great game . Hours of entertainment . I like that it has different kinds of Chuzzle such as Zen Chuzzle ,
 I have to say I hesitated before purchasing this ... it seemed like a child 's game ... and I am over the proverbial hill -LRB- 50 -RRB- I am a longtime addict of Bejeweled and Alchemy -LRB- also PopCap games -RRB- and this is definitely , without a doubt loads more fun than Bejeweled . It has bright and colorful furry `` chuzzles '' with eyes that follow your cursor and do lots of funny , unexpected things -LRB- see another reviewer 's notes -RRB- Part of the fun is discovering all those things yourself . It took seconds to install on Win XP , and voila ! I was playing my first game , and lost all track of time !! It is challenging , and you have options to play classic , speed versions , earning bonus points , and even trophies . What seems simple at first rapidly becomes addictive , and hours will pass as you are intently focused on trying to group 3 or more chuzzles together to pop them . There are rainbow chuzzles that you should definitely try for , and very fat chuzzles , and well , you can discover the rest for yourself . I had gotten a little bored with Bejeweled . I think Chuzzle is a great step up , it holds your interest with all the little `` quirks '' and sounds of the furry chuzzles . It is for children of all ages , and for the price , it is one of the best games I 've tried . Definitely try Chuzzle , I do n't think anyone would regret getting it . For anyone who loves Bejeweled , you will love this more !! IMHO ... :-RRB- Have FUN .
 LOVE IT PLAY ALL THE TIME !! PACKAGED VERY WELL AND ARRIVED ON TIME !! WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY A GREAT GAME !!
 The game arrived quickly and was in perfect condition . This is one of the most addictive games out there , and will give hours of fun to anyone . It 's great for all age levels .
 I was having a great time playing this game . My eleven-year old son took over and blew through about three levels in fifteen minutes , however . The flight dynamics are cartoonish , jet aircraft that manuever like WWI biplanes . The graphics are excellent . I thought it was a fun game , my son , who plays more games than I do , thought it was a little on the simple side .
 Your the top gun here . and there is no stopping you from killing all bad guys . good guys in blue and bad in red . great overall game but weapons could be a little better and guns to reload could be better . you run out and have to reload a lot . and missions are pretty good . but ground stuff is hard to kill . but ok . in fact great cheats is tungha in profile name and then opens most everything . still fun game to play . my favorite high flying game is still . heatseeker . ps2 this is 2nd best . hope you enjoy it as much as I do .
 I should be upfront and tell you that this is n't really much of a flight simulator , unless you have a very liberal definition of what ` simulators ' are meant to do.That said , it 's a riveting arcade game with very enjoyable gameplay that kept me , at least , entertained for hours on end . The controls feel a bit unusual at first , and even after getting more or less comfortable with them , I still made the occasional slip-up , but I would attribute that more to my own fast pace than to any real problem with the controls.I was highly amused at some of the scenes purported to be ` inspired ' by science fiction movies , but the designs of nearly all of the aircraft are interesting and attractive , making the visual presentation fairly appealing.All in all , this is n't a game that you should sit down to play with the expectation that it will be a tribute to the fantastic Ace Combat series , because as a flight sim , it falls almost pathetically short of what could be considered the industry standard . But as an arcade game and as a way to spend some time with an entertaining challenge , it 's definitely a solid title .
 im stuck but it is fun it could do better thow the camera stays behind u so hard to turn side turn . but it is cool oh but it would be cool to tell people how to fly or where to go .
 I owned this computer game as a child and I absolutley loved it . Much more fun than Catz and Dogz because you do n't know what creature you 're going to get or what it will look like . All Oddballz pets are guaranteed to be both bizarre and extreamly loveable !
 It 's ashame not many people have reviewed this as it is a wonderful game . Of course , in this day of Xbox 360 's , many people probably do n't even know it ever existed.Uninvited was released on computer back in the mid 80s and ported to NES in 1990 . The NES version is censored by Nintendo due to their stance back at that time.It was a forerunner of the survival horror genre popularized by Resident Evil . Resident Evil borrowed the verb palette and the way that you have to search around everywhere to find things , all from this game.It 's a great spooky little game where you really have to learn by trial and error.Just do n't forget your `` No Ghost '' and have fun with this one .
 I bought this for my 3 year old grandson who is now 11 years . He had the best time with this and we were able to pass it on to his cousins who enjoyed it for a couple years . It was n't perfect , it would hang up occasionally and you had to have the right size keyboard to attach it to , but overall I thought it was one of the best computer games out there for children . They always see us at our computers and want to get there hands on them so this was a great idea . They were in front of a screen getting hands on without wrecking havoc by pressing things they should n't . I started with my grandson in my lap showing him how to work it and it did n't take long until he was able to work it all on his own . I now have three more grandsons that would love this but it is n't available to work with Windows Vista and/or 7 . There also was a Tonka version with it 's own playset for the keyboard which was great also .
 I first purchased this at our local Costco several years ago and was disappointed when we tried to play it . HOWEVER , since then , we have gotten a new computer -LRB- old one was from 1998 -RRB- and the game plays terrifically ! My son -LRB- 41/2 -RRB- loves it and while some of the activities are beyond him right now , there are plenty of others to entertain him .
 This is the best running game yet!We put it on a Win XP computer and it runs great and is easy for my 4 yr old to use . The game gives you three options for loading the software , so you can load the entire game -LRB- takes alot of disk space -RRB- or choose one of the other two options for a smaller install and you have to put the CD in while playing.when putting the game control box on the keyboard you have to be careful exactly which key it goes on , it is one key over from what you think it goes on , but once you figure out exactly where it goes , its simple each time to strap it on.It is the best game for kids we have bought so far !
 This is the most interesting and innovative game I have seen on the market in about two years -- innovative in terms of the fusion of various types of simulator games and problem solving games . The playset controller is extremely well laid out and friendly . I did not have any trouble placing it on my keyboard , but if it turns out you had trouble , you might buy a budget keyboard for $ 5 . Would it be worth the $ 5 just for this game ? I think so . My kid likes the idea he can pull the whistle control and cause the locomotive to couple with a railroad car . The controller also serves other tasks in different parts of the game -- sometimes it is used to sell tickets , other times it is used to get water from a water tower . I wo n't give away any more spoilers because I think your kids will enjoy discovering the different facets of this game on their own . I run this game on a PII-400 with 64MB and a TNT-Ultra-64MB card . It does halt for a few seconds on some occasions , so I think you need a relatively fast processor and video card to make the game work . It has caused the OS to hang once or twice after about 40 minutes of play , but nothing catastrophic . If you can run Mechwarrior 3 on you machine , you can run this game okay . The mood of the game is incredibly cheery and expansive because it has nice bright colors , nice puffy clouds and blue skies ; and the environment appears realistic because when you turn your train around the sun appears or disappears . You also select your own path on the track . You can either choose a task or just putter around the country side . If you do n't choose the right path , you do n't get anywhere , so thinking about objectives is crucial . Some game sections play little movies . Other game sections require that you do some trial and error testing to understand how controlling the track switching works . It is a rather demanding game because you must get certain tasks down in a certain logical sequence . I watched this game slowly improve my 5 years old 's motor sequencing skills over a period of about a half hour as he learned to how to drive the train and then to use controls to unload mail sacks from the mail train . A bit of parental coaching helps . And keeping an open mind is helpful because the user has to sort of get accustomed to the virtual environment . It 's not quite like just pressing a key on a keyboard because the playset controller is like a vehicle simulator . So I ca n't say enough about this `` game '' . Well there is one thing
 Im going to get The Thomas game on christmas eve by santa when it going to be christmas coming soon amazon is having a next year sale Thomas and friends buliding a new line .
 I purchased this software for my almost four son who is a Thomas fanatic . I had to help him out the first few times he tried to play the game . After about two weeks he was able to play it on his own for the most part.The graphics are much more than I had expected for a kiddie game . You can travel around the track endlessly if one wants . You stop at various stations to complete tasks necessary for one of four games chosen . The game does n't automatically take you to the correct station necessary to complete a task . You need to remember which destination is next and switch the track accordingly . I 've been quite shocked that my son is able to remember where to go and switch the track to get there ! Once the one game is completed the player is able to switch into a special siding and play reward game.I own Microsoft Train Simulator but I really like this game a lot . Not having to remember which keystrokes to press is a VERY nice touch . To bad MS Train Simulator does n't have a keyboard attachment . The playset will fit easily onto any normal square keyboard without any difficulties.In closing , I thought it would take my son a long time to master the game . The only negative I can think of is that it only has four games . But my son keeps playing them over again and does n't seem to mind . It 's still challenging and enjoyable for him . I guess that leaves lots of room for sequel software . It is an excellent game for little kiddies .
 I read all the reviews on this Thomas Computer game and dispite the bad ones I still purchased it for my four year old son who is crazy over anything `` Thomas the Train '' . It has never locked up on me and I had no troubles at all installing it on top on my keyboard . -LRB- although you do have to get it perfectly in the right spot which can be a little tricky -RRB- Once installed it does n't shift or fall off the keyboard and the program works just fine . My son loves this game . It is by far a favorite of his and he has quite a few computer games in his growing collection . He reaches for it time after time . My 6 year old daughter plays with it and she seems to like it as well so it 's not just for the little boys out there ! The graphics are real cute and they love driving the trains , dropping the passengers off at the station and doing the different jobs involving the railroad . I would say this is a good game for any child between the ages of 3 and 7 . In my opinion , any child under 3 years of age are to young for computer games anyway and any child older then seven will find this game to be to babyish for them . One downfall to this game that I had read in another review which is true ... it is hard to exit the game . You have to complete the job in order to do so which is a bit of a pain and a little time consuming . Other then that I rate this game 5 stars because ANY toy that can keep my kids entertained for more then 30 minutes and that is played with again and again and again ... . I feel was a good purchase and money well spent .
 This is my three year old son 's favorite game . He does not have any problems understanding how to use the controls . It is wonderful that it helps with listening and following directions . Most of Thomas friends are in the game from helping to be able to stop and chat with them.This is the only game that he has so far that I give a total thumbs up on . The only drawback that we have had so far is getting my son to quit playing .
 My 3.5 year old boy , who also plays with the wooden trains , likes this game . He received it a month after his 3rd birthday . It took him several weeks of playing a few hours a week to completely master the game . Inspite of his current mastery , he still would play it for longer than we will allow . He needs almost no supervision or assistance to play . He opens the CD-ROM drive puts the game in , clicks the appropriate box , and would play for an hour.The keyboard attachment confused my wife . She was unable to discern the correct manner of velcroing it at first , prior to be shown by me . I was able to do it with a few manipulations . My wife now has no problem attaching it . My son can not attach it.We like the keyboard attachment due to the abuse it takes instead of our mouse and keyboard , but are dissapointed that the other two Thomas games do not accomadate the attachment .
 Great game that my 5 year old loves to play . Cleverly designed Thomas engine controls sit atop a STANDARD keyboard are easy for a child to use . Nice graphics and variety of activities , developes memory and decision making skills , all without any violence ! The only downside is I want my computer back ! Seriously , the game requirements are such that it will probably run on your old computer if you have one . If not , they can be had for little expense . Now where did I put that old one ? ...
 Very charming , lots of fun , and good for repeated play . The controls are easier to use than a mouse . So far the only thing that troubled my daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- was finding the right position from which to change a signal . Otherwise she picked it up quickly and proudly taught my wife how to drive Thomas.There are four scenarios plus several mini-games and places where you can see short videos . It takes a while to do everything . It 's also fun to just drive around seeing the Sodor scenery and meeting other engines.This game is much better than Trouble on the Tracks . ToT involves a bunch of boring jobs that never appealed to my daughter . And the ToT software performed erratically on our old PC -LRB- AMD 500 MHz , no graphics card -RRB- . The voices are different from the videos , but my daughter does n't seem to care .
 Our son loves this game so much -LRB- he received it for his birthday two days ago -RRB- , we can hardly get him to do anything else ! Even adults will enjoy assisting the child `` drive '' Thomas and complete the chores given to Thomas by Sir Topham Hat . Your child will see the stations , the other engines , listen to Thomas speak to him -LRB- or her -RRB- , and even see Thomas from above at certain points -LRB- e.g. , entering a station -RRB- . Most views are from `` inside '' Thomas , and I think it 's a particularly nice touch to see Thomas ' firebox burning . Warning
 My parents purchased this product for my 4 year old son . He is familiar with the workings of a train because of my father 's `` H&O ; '' train layout , and learned this quick . After the toutorial he was on his way with the rockslide adventure . He completed the entire thing with minimmal input from me or his mother . After that he was a pro ! He had a great time.We ran this on a WinXP computer without any problems at all.Great Product ! I hope hasbro makes more games to work with the controler .
 My 4 and half year old lives for Thomas and has for two years now . Nothing interest him more then Thomas and evey conversation leads back to Thomas or trains eventually . If you have a kid anything like mine then this is a must have!There is nothing I can say negative about this toy . It introduces computer skills while allowing him to play with his favorate pal . I have been able to seg-way into other computer pre-school games with a more learning emphasis , by use of this fun toy . I like to play it myself.The graphics are great . The instructions simple but the tasks are not . Your child will need help if he has no computer skills or is n't a good listner . But once he has done the task once , he be able to do it by himself again soon and with the log on screen , his adventure will be just a bit different each time.Every time a child masters a tasks he is able to print out a certificate with his name on it.Just great . Love it . The only problem I 've had with my son is getting him off the game at bed time . There are tears and he says , `` I miss Thomas . ''
 The playset controls are easy for children to use but still require thought and planning to complete the adventures . After assisting my son with the basic navigation and showing him each of the four control 's functions , he has been learning and playing with little assistance.There are four main adventures which now take my son approximately 15 minutes to complete . Several smaller adventures , which also require thought and planning to complete , are conquered in less than 5 minutes.Positive verbal feedback as well as `` Well Done '' certificates which the children can print out in black and white or color . Black and white pictures are useful for coloring later.Only drawback is that the playset controls fit over your keyboard . It does n't fit correctly on several keyboards I have because they are curved . Flat keyboards work fine .
 We got this for my 3-yr . old son as his first computer game . This is the coolest game I 've ever seen ! He loves moving the `` troublesome trucks '' around & doing different jobs - then he prints his achievement certificates from Sir Topham Hatt . My 6-yr . old has actually asked to play this game over some of his own ! It is easy to figure out the strap-on controls . We have a growing library of computer games & this ranks right at the top !
 I rate this 5 stars based on how much my daughter likes it relative to other software . The keyboard-top module makes the difference.My daughter -LRB- 4-1/2 -RRB- received this for Christmas , and has enjoyed it immensely . She 's been a huge Thomas fan since she was two , and already had the Railway Festival and Trouble on the Tracks games . Those were diverting for a while , but this one has captivated her . She 'll spend as long as we let her driving along , carrying out tasks . It 's very mechanical -- not a great deal of creativity or strenuous problem-solving involved -- but she enjoys it a great deal.I view it as a good complement to her other favorites
 I do n't know that my son is any more or less computer savvy than the next kid , but we bought this for him for his birthday , and after spending 30-45 minutes playing it with him , he played by himself for HOURS . We could n't get him away from it.We were afraid we were going to have trouble with it , because we could n't get the Tonka Digs and Rigs to work with our computer , but once we figured out where to place the controller on our apparently not-standard keyboard , it never needed a single readjustment while he was playing .
 We had originally received this as a hand-me-down from a friend for our older son who played it so frequently , that the CD eventually wore out -LRB- too many scratches -RRB- . When my second son &#34; discovered &#34; Thomas , we purchased the CD and he was off and running , exploring the Island of Sodor ! The graphics obviously do n't compare to current video games but there is something fun and innocent about playing along with Thomas , Edward , Harold , and the rest of the gang . Great toy . Too bad it 's not made any longer .
 The game is brilliant and keeps my 5 year old grandson amused for hours but i am unhappy with a couple of things . The first is that i had to pay the royal mail 26.27 for import duty and handling charges , and the second is that my grandson can not print off any certificates on the game . I have sent an email to the game manufacturers over a week ago about this problem but have had no reply .
 I bought the playset last Christmas . My 4 years old daughter loves this game and have much fun.The game can be play and have fun without language gap . She learned to drive the train to places in the game , and know many things about the train after I explained to her.I 'm looking for other adventure courses for the playset , but no luck . I hope the manufacture can continue to make the series .
 This was a Christmas present for our Thomas-crazy `` just turned 3 '' son and he has loved it ! I place the set on our keyboard and he completely takes it from there . He quickly mastered all of the games , but he still enjoys going back and trying them again and again . We have quite a collection of children 's software , and this ranks among the best so far for his age group . I suppose from reading the other reviews , you simply need to make sure that your computer and keyboard are compatible with the game and that your child enjoys challenges that require a little more attention to details .
 This was the only thing that my 3 yr old son wanted for Christmas ! He plays with it religiously almost everyday ! He loves that he gets to drive the train and interact with other characters from the series as well . It really is a wonderful game and worth the money ! Especially for a child who has Thomas on the brain night and day like mine does !! The effects and detail on this game are truly remarkable .
 I had been wondering why this was n't available , now it is . Uses a plastic overlay for the keyboard and is good at explaining itself . Pretty easy for him to use . Only problem is it has hidden games which are apparently open after you finish the tasks , but he wants to play now . I would reccomend it .
 My son just received this for his 5th birthday . At first when he opened this up , I thought ... `` Oh no , not another disapointing computer game . '' I was afraid it was going to be either too difficult for him to understand , confusing , or just too stupid for it to be worth his time . Well , was I wrong . He has played this game almost every day for two weeks and it continues to challenge and excite him.The game challenges my son to complete several tasks as the engineer of Thomas . My son is learning to listen carefully to the directions and makes sure to follow them exactly to complete the tasks . Some of the directions are a little confusing , but with a little help from Mom or Dad we can get him back on track . The best part of the game is the boost in confidence and independence in him that we can see . I would highly recommend this game for any Thomas fan of age 4 or older .
 My 2-1/2 year old son absolutely loves this computer game . The control board that nests on the keyboard it very easy to use and the best part of the game because it 's easy for a little one to control . My son highly recommends this products to all Thomas the Tank Engine fans !!
 My child loves this game ! Even my husband and my 9 year old love it ! I did not have to finish a task to be exit , however . Just press the escape button and you will be taken to the credits . From there , however , you have to push the CTRL and ALT and DELETE buttons at the same time . It was ask if you want to end task and you say yes . Then you are out of it . That is about the only gripe I have . Otherwise , great product and well worth the money ! -LRB- There was rebate when I purchased mine also ! -RRB- Hope this helps ! Marsha
 Picked this up to help our son learn a little more about story structure . I helped when he was writing his college essays and reports .
 I just got it today but i love it . It 's fun and you learn things you did n't know about the guyz . I think that every ultimite fan should get this .
 the nsync hotline rocks.you get to hear their real voices.on the computer you get to see their faces.they 're games are fun but it 's only five games -LRB- not a lot -RRB- . if you 're a fan of nsync , get this , you will have fun .
 The * NSYNC Fantasy Phone and CD Rom game is GREAT ! I am an ... um hum ... older ... fan of * NSYNC and love this game and phone . It comes with a plug to insert in your SoundCard and into the phone -LRB- note
 I ca n't begin to tell you how much fun this game is . I am about 4 years past my teens -LRB- you do the math -RRB- and I still love this game . For all the info on what is in the game , read the amazon info or the other review up here . I think my favorite part of the game is the messages from the guys and the fact that you can call the guys up and ask them yes or no questions kind of like having a Nsyncer magic 8 ball . I was n't sure about spending my hard earned money on the game but it was well worth it and easy to set up . The hardest part was hooking up the computer cord for the phone . I highly recomend this game for any true nsync fan . The triva has questions on things that I did n't even know -LRB- and I know A LOT ! -RRB- .
 the nsync hotline rocks.you get to hear their real voices.on the computer you get to see their faces.they 're games are fun but it 's only five games -LRB- not a lot -RRB- . if you 're a fan of nsync , get this , you will have fun .
 I must say this was a guilty pleasure . I do n't really like nsync but I saw this game for only 12 dollars and had to get it . It was actullay preety fun , but not enough fun to last awhile . The games on the cd rom were alright . I had a lot of trouble on the triva though.Here is my review on each game.Charity Challenge - I did n't like this to much . It just was n't that fun.Trivia - This was hard for me since I am not an nsync fan . Really big nsync fans will have no problem on this though.Bowling - This was pretty cool . I love to bowl so this was pretty cool to have on this game . The guy 's heads are drawn on to five of the pins and they talk every now and then . Very cool!Quick change - I kinda like this . It was pretty fun but each guy has the same outfits . They should have given each guy their own clothing.Make a Move - My fave . I think I like this one because I like rytym/dance games . This was kinda like a dance game in a way.So there you have it , my review . Very great for some nsync fun !!
 I just got it today but i love it . It 's fun and you learn things you did n't know about the guyz . I think that every ultimite fan should get this .
 The phone is very cool . It 's really great because you tell them your name and the time you go to bed and they ring you and say goodnight ! It 's like a real phone it 's so cool . If you do n't answer the phone they leave a message . You can call them and ask them questions . The phone is great but I do n't like the games very much so I gave it 4 stars .
 this looks like an actual phone.it is really fun when evry morning i can open up my locker and hear my favorite band 's real voices .
 I am ... a HUGE NSYNC fan . I know this toy seems childish , but it is a lot of fun . It 's really well made -LRB- I 've had it since Christmas , and nothing has gone wrong yet -RRB- The instructions are easy to understand , and the menues are simple enough for small children . The games might appear to be `` lame '' but they are actually fun , and become quit addicting.I 've brought my phone to school with me to show my friends and as long as I turn the ringer off it will never interupt a class .
 My friend has this and she brought it to our school . I spent ALL day calling Lance and J.C. asking questions . I am going to get this in a few days . I recomend this BIG TIME !!!!!
 Granted , this is n't the same as having an actual karaoke machine hooked up to your computer , but my daughter has really enjoyed it -- it 's more like mad-libs where you get to fill in the blanks in the songs . The music is a lot of fun and of course she loves the characters . Unlike -LSB- another -RSB- reviewer , we can hear our daughter 's voice loud and clear through our speakers . And there is one area where voice recordings can be played backwards . Like I said , it 's not a karaoke machine , but we did n't expect it to be , so we 're satisfied .
 I was amazed by the flood of less-than-enthusiastic reviews this game received , even in respected presses like Famitsu or Dreamcast Magazine of Japan . Given the developer 's track record -LRB- they also did Blue Stinger , one of the earliest Dreamcast games -RRB- , I was very surprised at how it lived up to and surpassed my expectations.I was very impressed at the level of completeness and polish the game looked and felt , and it was certainly worth the wait since the first screen shots appeared a year ago . This game may not feature moving facial features on the characters or cutting edge graphics , but this is not one of those Resident Evil games either , where they rushed the game out the door only to release a `` complete edition '' a year later . This game , unlike the Resident Evil clones out there , is quite original in its approach to the survival horror genre . The stages are littered with shock events -LRB- traps -RRB- , enemy ambushes , and puzzles . You can avoid shock events by flagging them with your Horror Monitor . The flagging drains your adrenalin , and you can gain adrenalin by approaching a flagged trap , successfully defeating the enemy , or by using refill items . Most of the puzzles are fairly easy and straightforward , you do n't really need to go out and buy a guidebook if you get stuck - go back and check out things you might have missed , and check your inventory for odd items that might have a use somewhere . Combat can also be avoided by using the escape helicopter , unlike in the Resident Evil games . There are 4 in-game camera angles which you can change on the fly , which adds to replay value . The action is fast , there is rarely a moment of slowdown due to too many onscreen objects.The premise of this game is simple
 Illbleed is probably the best game I have ever played for Dreamcast . -LRB- Maybe one of the best games , period -RRB- The Storyline and objective of the game is very inventful and imaginative . The gameplay is extremely good and the game is scary as ... -LSB- heck -RSB- It takes a few tries to get use to what you have to do , but once you learn it is so much fun . There are 6 levels and they are all outstanding . The game is tough but not impossible . It took me 9 hours to beat it . -LRB- Over 3 days -RRB- This game is a must have for any fans of the horror game genre . Loads of fun and creative levels make this one a winner . 5 stars and then some ...
 The perfect game for those horror game fans . Nothing like resident evil , or anything like that . This game is all about gore and freakin you out . A story similar to the film `` House on Haunted Hill '' where you get money for surviving . Instead of surviving just a house , in this game you must make it through a gauntlet of horror films on your way to hopefully a 200,000,000 dollar prize . 4 playable characters , freakish and very original and entertaining monsters and villians keep this game and you on the edge . I love this game and I think it will keep any gamer entertained for hours on end . With just enough difficulty and action , and it 's large ammount of violence and gore this game is something else . I highly reccomend that kids not play this if their parents can help it :-RRB- just kidding
 Seems like everybody has it in for poor old Illbleed . Well , I do n't think its all that bad . In fact I thought it was pretty good . I have only recently tracked down a copy , and it looks a bit dated now -LRB- especially the cut scenes -RRB- , but that does n't mean it 's not fun . The game 's premise is original to say the least . Whereas most survival horror games try and plunge you into a realistic world , here its all a fake , as the levels are all attractions in a horror theme park , which the character you play is exploring in search of her missing friends . The gameplay involves trying to make your way through each of the themed levels without dying , and , as traps and scares await you at every corner , this is no easy task . Actually its more than every corner , sometimes there 's a trap every two or three steps you take ! Luckily the player has access to a `` horror monitor '' which enables you to survey the area around you for hints on possible traps . Its hard to explain how this works , but in practise it becomes quite clear . The 5 or so levels are cleverly designed , and some of the ideas here may well be the weirdest things you have ever encountered in a video game . One level is set in a haunted department store where you will encounter an evil cake , fight reanimated lamb chops on a giant grill pan and play jump-rope with barbed wire . Another is set in a lumber-mill , during which at one point you get turned into a live wooden puppet . I ca n't even begin to talk about the `` Toy Story '' inspired level in which you play a toy who must visit Toy Hell to rescue his beloved toy girlfriend ... Its all done with a sense of humour , and although there are lots of gory and sickening sights on display -LRB- whoever designed the first level boss must be pretty warped -RRB- , it is designed to make you laugh . The traps are nearly all absurd , and you 'll be trying to avoid attacks from such things as oven-ready chickens , giant Crayolas and rotten toilets to name a few . The drawbacks ? Well , the controls are not very well implemented , especially during combat . Save points are few , and some parts of each level are extremely difficult . But stick with it . This is a hugely entertaining game , unlike any other that I have played . If you find one still for sale , get it . You 'll soon be entering a freaky world unlike any other .
 I admit this game can be a little frustrating at first . . but it gets really good , you may not be able to get past the first level until you sit down and actually set ur mind to the game . honestly id say that the first level is the hardest , i couldnt beat it myself until i sat down and actually played instead if getting frustraited and giving up . . later on you will get more money and be able to afford upgrade operations and adrenaline.in this game you will be going through the cinema zone having to follow where traps are with the horror monitor and following your four senses -LRB- sight , smell , hearing , and sixth sense -RRB- the sixth sense senses battles and items , when a battle it near it will blink with a blue shadow thing or something . . but blue means battle and when it stays green there are items . . some levels have item sensors . . i think just in the first two levels . The first boss is basically the hardest one you will encounter . first you have to escape from his practice room because he is invincable then you have to run through a maze and try to avoid him , if you get in any battles with him , escape . finally you will come to a room where you see one of your friends and a gas leak will be going on . . banballow shows up and you can finally kill him . dont get too excited though , after you beat him you will go up the stairs and have to fight a GIANT banballow which is invincable . . you have to jump around these blocks and try to avoid his attacks . you will come to a fork in the path . . turn off to the right path to come up to a control room and you have to kill the guy running banballow -LRB- not hard -RRB- then you have to get an id card from the same room . finally you can leave and go back to the fork and go to the goal . you must stop before the goal area and use the id card , the gate will open then you can leave . The only other thing of to say is that the game is good , and the fighting controlls are easy . you just press y in a series of three to make a combination , and when you get some long range weapons you must press the right trigger to use them . Its a good game if you just figure it out . . i got the game for christmas in 2003 and i gave up on it for a long time and just beat it now in june , once i really started playing it , it seemed a hell of alot easier and more fun . . you run into a bunch of crazy adventures . . anyone who rated this game a one is just stupid and probably never got through the first level . . if i rated this game when i first got it , i probably would have been one of those . If anyone needs any help with there game , email me at bopropanop_bopropanop@hotmail.com again this is a really great game and is kind of challenging . . personally i think the graphics could have been a hell of alot better . . but dont go by reviews . . buy the game and see for yourself . also try buying from vglq.com they dont have as wide a selection as amazon but they are alot cheaper for the most part .
 Picking this game up on the first day is always a risk , but I did it anyway because of the look and feel of the advertisements . This game is in no way a horrific , thriller with a deep plot . The game is set up as a theme park built by a fictional b movie director , split into 6 different levels based on his 6 different movies . The stories are off the wall , such as a mixture between Toy Story and Puppet Master where you are a Woody-type toy who has to go to Hell to save his toy girlfriend Sexydoll . The stories are made to be funny , not horrifying . There is massive amounts of blood , and the scares come through things jumping out at you , not like the psychological scares of games like Silent Hill . This game wo n't haunt you , just startle you and then you 'll laugh at the ridiculousness of the frightful blood spraying out of a shower head or hand reaching out of a pile of goo . Just remember , this game takes some time to get accustomed to . I was very frustrated trying to learn the game and played the first half hour of the first level three times before I got the nack of it . Then it comes very easily . It does n't help that the tutorial is almost hidden in the beginning . The rest of the game is smooth sailing . I knocked off a star because of the controls . Fighting is difficult , but it is easier when you understand the strategy of it . But the aspects of the game , although few , where you have to do mindless jumping at the right time are a pain in the neck , but you stick with them to see the game progress . Just remember - the block button keeps you from all danger in battle , no matter how ridiculous it seems . The implementation of the different senses and the innovative stories are great . It 's a surprise this game came from such a small company - you can tell the creators loved this game . By the way , surprisingly enough , they have a free hint line with an extremely helpful crew with no waiting ! Play on horror buffs !
 Seriously Hard . If you get pwned a lot , do n't worry , it 's part of the fun . You basically have three health bars , one for health , one for stamina , and one for fear . If any of them gets too low , you die - which makes sense in a nightmare world that literally is an amusement park based on several horror films - you must fight through all of them - cheat if you can , because you 'll need it . Very rewarding when you beat even one stage - if you do n't give up easily and LOVE in-your-face pop-up horror , this is the game for YOU !
 I must say , that anyone who has given this game one star is stupid . This game was fun on many levels . It had survival horror , comedy , and excitement . There was bad voice acting , but on purpose to add to the B Horror movie surroundings and plot . The graphics were excellent , except for the fact that the mouths do n't move . The soundtrack is great , sadly ... There is no soundtrack for sale . And , lastly , I want to say that this game is given 5 stars only because there is not an option for anything higher . DO NOT listen to these brainless and psychotic people who have no taste what-so-ever . If the game sucked so much , than they would n't be porting it on the XBOX .
 General/Summary
 This game is awsome , it is different , original , and deffinately a survival horror game . I do n't like to consider the `` levels '' levels , I call them stories . Because each movie you see , or story , has it 's own special story . Each story is too long and different to be considered a level . Anyway buy this game it is the one of the best .
 IM ACTUALLY THINKING ABOUT GETTING A NEW DREAMCAST BECAUSE HAVING THE GAME AND NOT BEING ABLE TO PLAY IT IS A TOTAL WASTE , I WISH THAT THE COMPANY AND THE DEVELOPERS COULD TAKE IT OUT FOR XBOX OR PS2 , TRUST ME IF YOU LIKE , RESIDENT EVIL , FATAL FRAME , SILENT HILL , CLOCK TOWER , OR THE NEW THE HAUNTING , YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED BY THIS ONE , IT 'S HARD , FUN AND IT WILL MAKE YOU JUMP OUT OF YOUR SEAT ALMOST EVERY 2 MINUTES . FOR ME IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OF THIS GENRE .
 This game is original and fun to play . But the biggest complaint on here is that the traps are unavoidable , die to fast . Well if that 's the only complaint you have , then get a GameShark , then you wo n't die ! This game is fun in my opinion I had laughs and fun . It 's not the best game I 've played , but for the dreamcast it 'll do . I recommend this game to you if your patient and you do n't get frustrated every time you die !
 This pad is totally awesome !! works perfectly on my windows xp and vista machines and combined with one of the many free guitar-hero-like programs makes it an endless hours of fun game , and cheaper than going to DDR since you can download zillions of songs for free . Totally recommended!Doesnt slip but guess it depends on the floor .
 my purchase was great . thank you!I enjoy playing dance machine with these cool pads and i hope that the usb cable wo n't break like my last one did . otherwise , its sleek and nice and adds to our dance machine in a big way .
 Great button/step registration , works on carpeted floors and the dual pug-in is a great perk !
 Only one gripe about this pad -- non-slip ? On what surface , flypaper !? The cruddy pad I got bundled with DDR X had a better non-slip backing . It 's slightly better on bare carpet , but horrendous on a smooth surface . The good news is , I throw my pad down on a `` dance floor '' made of four of those hard plastic interlocking floor tiles , and a little duct tape on the edges of the pad keeps it in place very nicely . Granted , I am a relative DDR n00b and I have n't gotten into the really hairy songs yet , but it stays in place just fine on everything I 've tried with the duct tape trick . -LRB- `` Why Not '' and `` SUNKiSS ` DROP '' on Basic are probably the fastest things I 've tried so far , just for reference -- quiet , you in the back , I am old and you were a beginner once too -RRB- Also , since I 'm going to be buying a Wii soon , I kind of wish it was Wii-compatible as well but that 's a very minor gripe.Other than that , the pad works as it should . The sensors are n't terribly picky , at least not on the pad I got -- I think I 've had maybe one or two `` WTF , I STEPPED THERE '' moments with it and those were fixed by adjusting my duct taping of the edges . I finally got around to trying it with Stepmania today , and it works great.I 'm still saving up for a better pad , but this one is just fine in the meantime . And it 'll be a fine travel pad to haul with my laptop .
 I always wanted to play DDR again but my PS2 died ages ago and the new songs on the newer systems are not that great . I then discovered Stepmania and Flash Flash Revolution . With these I can know play online with awesome gaming music . I am running Windows 7 64-bit on my laptop . The minute I plugged in the usb that came with this pad , Windows 7 took 2-5 minutes to automatically install/calibrate my game pad . I would recommend this pad for a beginner or someone just getting back into the game . Response was the equivalent to the keyboard on Stepmania . -LRB- I am yet to test it on FFR , but I will return with an update -RRB- .
 My daughter loves this mat . She loves that it doesnt slip from under her and the price was perfect . Thanks
 Love these pads ! They came on time and we have n't had any problems with them . They both move around a bunch for me , but not for my husband so I do n't think it is a product issue .
 The dance pad that i bought was very awesome . It was really good to use because most pads that i have played on have a flat surface and you have to stomp on it . For the one i just bought i just have to put my weight on it and it reads it . I enjoy this product .
 This pad probably is n't the best for expert dancers , but it HAS held up for 30 minute workouts 4 + times a week for over a month now . I guess that 's better than a lot of dance pads I 've heard of . For the price , I 'd highly recommend this one and will probably get the same one once it wears out.Great dance pad !!!
 The pad is great . Excellent for novice DDR players . Sensors are a bit small though . Worth the money .
 Pads work fine , though , one seems to have the `` Up '' arrow not only being the up arrow on the pad , but the middle section too , which causes you to accidentally up your difficulty , but , ultimately , the play experience is still fun.A bit weird , not perfect , but still good enough .
 I bought this dance pad to connect to my computer through USB . After configuring the mappings in StepMania , it works quite well.This pad is quite sturdy , and is capable of detecting my moves . I usually play on the Light/Medium levels of StepMania , but I find it easier to hit the notes on Light . On the arcade machines -LRB- the ones with the heavy metal pads -RRB- , I was able to easily hit the ones on the Medium levels.The only grouse that I have is that it keeps slipping a bit on the carpeted floor of my apartment . Because of that , I 'd give it only 4.5 stars out of 5 . But otherwise , it 's a great deal .
 This is a really good dance pad for the price , but only that . The positives are the low price , the foam padding which supports your feet and legs much more than the normal pads , and the anti-slip grip on the bottom of the pad . Unlike other pads , this one wo n't slide on carpet or hard wood flooring . The negatives are that the buttons will eventually die out with hard or frequent use , but all pads do that eventually . The other negative is that the covering of the pad rips very easily . It ripped the first time I used it , but that is a simple problem easily remedied by duct tape . All in all , if you can afford it and you play a lot , go for a metal pad . If you are on a small budget , go for the cheap , thin pads . If you want a pad that is amazing for the price range , buy this one .
 I was a little weary of this product when I first saw it simply because it was so cheap . I figured that for 29.99 , it was worth a shot . I was n't at all disappointed when it arrived ; it is a foam dance pad -LRB- wo n't hurt your legs like flat pads -RRB- and it is perfectly responsive at first . However , as I began playing more and more heavy songs , the pad began tearing and becoming less responsive . It is basically impossible to get a AAA on any song b/c the arrows do migrate a bit inside the pad . Most problems can be fixed with duct tape , though . It begins breaking down after about 3 weeks of serious play . As long as you 're not a super-serious DDRer , this pad is ideal for the money .
 really good mat . good foam insert , not too soft like another one I have . if you dont to want to spend $ 100 on a better one , then get one of these . best one in the price range ! only problem is that delivery is very slow , expidited or not .
 I bought this mat back in 2007 and it is still perfect ! i hadent played in a while and yesterday i tried it agaain and it is just like new ! the 1 inch thickness is perfectly comfortable and its extremely responsive . it comes shipped in three different puzzle-like pieces that you must put together and then insert into the mat . it is high quality made and not plastic cheap looking . definitely a good investment for beginners to standard/heavy players . if you are looking into AAAing 10 feet songs , then you should go for something more professional but this mat is excellent for id say up to 8 feet . it barely moves -LRB- i have a tiled floor -RRB- and again its very responsive . i can definitely say it improved my scores . for the price , you cant go wrong
 I 'm a casual DDR player , playing about 5 - / + hours a week and for what I need this pad does the trick . My only complaint is I ca n't fold it up . HOWEVER , I knew I would n't be able to when I purchased it . Wonderful product , will buy again .
 I play DDR 3 + times a week as a work out and after my previous pad went bad , I purchased this one based on the reviews . Product came quickly and was easy to put together . I loved the one inch foam insert , but after about two weeks I had to remove it because one of the arrows had stopped responding . Removing the insert fixed the problem . Even without the insert the pad was still thicker and better made then the others I had bought previously . After a few months , this pad is still working really well .
 I purchased two of these for my fiance , so that we could work out together . The padding inside it is great if you are using it on a hardwood flooring . However , we live in an apartment with wall to wall carpeting so we took the padding out easily . It works like a charm ! It is actually much better than the original dance revolution pad I 've tried . I 'd recommend this product if you 're interested in using a Dance Revolution game .
 For most of us DDR players , we start off with the mat that comes in the bundle and if we enjoy that enough , we look for a better mat either because the bundled mat slips around too much or arrows break , etc. . This mat is a great replacement mat for Intermediate players that are looking for something better than the original mat , but not looking for perfection . The arrows are much more sensitive and with the foam insert , you do n't have a feeling of sinking into the mat at all . Make sure you have a hard surface to play on otherwise it will slide way too much , but on a wood floor it only slides minimally on the harder songs . For its cost , it 's a great mat and would definitely recommend it to Intermediate players or Experts that dont want to spend $ 200 + on a metal pad .
 The game is great but the pad ripped in a couple of days ! Not really worth the money .
 It was a gift . . I ca n't review it .
 I have a 10 and 13 year old that love playing this game . When I bought a second copy and networked the two computers , they had even more fun.The game is simple learn . This is not a multimillion dollar production game , so there are some graphics qwerks , but for kids who are not computer genius ' and play games for fun , these are invisible.The game has adjustable graphics and is still fun and enjoyable to look at even in the lowest settings . My kids turn the music down and play their own MP3 's in the back ground while they race.The game takes some negative reviews on the big gaming sites , but for us it is a FUN 5 Stars or a ' 10 ' rating .
 Im a regular teenage boy , and this game is one of the most entertaining games I have ever played . Im a fan of First person Shooters , and this game is very well designed , and the levels are cool . One point , the blood level is excessive , compaired to the other games out there . This is not a game for the weak . I like this game for the weapons , and for the game play . The controls are easy to use and intutive , and the only problem i have founds is in the save/loading games . I highly suggest this game for those who ar n't weak or have personal morals -LRB- blowing a bad guys ' head off at point-blank range with a 12 g. shotgun -RRB- - Note-If your not lookin for gore , i sugest half-life .
 Well when first time when i saw screenshots i thought it ca n't be true . But when i bought it it true . Ofcourse game has Quake 2 Engine but very good modified around 30 deadly lavels + good weapons make this game somethink like Delta Force 3 . My Sagestion to you Do not download warez version of this game better by it and play cuz you will never find key to play online ! So by this game now !
 This game is the best you can shoot ' up your enemy and bloodsplatters all over the place . Its a must buy ! SO what are youwaiting for go get it !
 Holy cow ! I 'm a HUGE pc racing fan and a real-life rally fan , so this was an obvious choice . I race amateur rallies myself , and this game is simply the most realistic I 've ever played . The reviewers keep complaining about the graphics detail , but the graphics are fine . They just did n't throw in all the useless graphics bits that tend to require 600 MHZ processors in today 's games . The game runs perfectly smooth on my VOODOO2 and PII-300 . There are three difficulty levels . Novice is very easy and with experience , you 'll find yourself winning every rally . Intermediate requires experience to make it through some of the tougher stages in one piece , but it 's still fair enough to allow you to finish in the top 3 spots in each rally . If you make it to Expert level by winning the Intermediate Championship -LRB- will take a few tries -RRB- , you are in for a total SHOCK ! There is a giant difference in difficulty between intermediate and expert . I win every single stage of every rally in intermediate mode , but I can barely finish in the top 8 of most stages in expert mode . It is a real challenge and very realistic.This is a superb racing simulation . It tends to lean towards simulation more than arcade , so if you are more into driving a $ 300,000 Ferrari at 200mph , then stick to the NFS series . If you want to see how REAL men race in other parts of the world and you want to see what damage a car actually sustains in crashes at 100mph , this is the game for you !
 I have played a number of Rally racing games and this is by far the best . Sega Rally 2 has great graphics but gets boring quite quickly . Mobil1 Rally also has great graphics and you can manage the car the best . But the driveability of Colin McRae makes it the hands down winner ! Ca n't wait for Colin McRae 2 to come out !
 extraordinary game ! my only problem with this game is that it relates to 98 season . when is a new version going to come out ? from all other aspects , the game manages to provide all the excitement of the world rally championship , which is particularly relevant to an european living in the US . colin mcrae is the best second best to tv coverage of rallies with the advantage that you 'll be the one racing . like i said , it is only a pitty that it still reports to the 98 season .
 The Nintendo 64 Clear Game Case - 3 pack set is a great way to keep your Nintendo 64 game cartridges safe . It keeps the cartridges from getting dusty and dirty , while protecting them at the same time ! Each game case even has a slot to hold the N64 memory controller pack , and can also hold the game 's instruction manual as well ! It 's unfortunate that Nintendo themselves did n't think about keeping the N64 cartridges protected in the first place , like the way they did it with the original Nintendo 8-bit cartridges , or with the 16-bit Super NES cartridges , and the Game Boy cartridges where they were already given a plastic sleeve -LRB- to purchase the N64 game cases seperately is a little disapointing -RRB- . I managed to find two sets of these game cases at a video game shop recently , in this day and age where the N64 is now long gone . I wished I was able to find some more , as only 6 of my N64 games are now protected for the moment -LRB- and I have a lot more games than that ! -RRB- . Anyone who can still find these for sale anywhere , go get it ! It 's worth keeping your N64 cartridges nice , clean and safe .
 This case is great . It is clear so you can actually see your games , and it keeps them from getting dusty and scratched . Buy this unless you want dusty games ; -RRB-
 This item is grate . It keeps games in ment condition .
 really cool watching the digimon digivolve to their mega level having joe is neat when you get zudomon .
 You mission bring the Digimon back to File City , problem , most of the Digimon FORGOT about the city and have gone wild . You have to train and fight your Digimon so that you can get to different areas and DigimonThere are a good variety of Digimon and your Digimon wo n't digivolve the way it does in the show . I liked the game alot , but in many ways it 's like a glorified tamagotchi . But it was still fun
 The Game is great i went all most every where in the game and my favorite digimon died he was a ningamon at age of 13 . train your guys good because you will get a numamon that sinks at fighting my in-training was better then him
 This game is so cool.It takes along time but once you get a high level Digimon it speeds up alot.Help for people who want a Gaubumon instead of a Augomon just say no to all the Questions tha t Jiji ask in the very beginning.See ya hope ya buy this game , its so fun and at a steal , only $ -LSB- money -RSB- plus S&H
 This Game Is Very Fun and lifelike.It Is sorta like tamgotchi .
 Firstly , my worst thing about digimon is digivoving . I ca n't believe the show is when they change back and we ca n't , fustrating is n't it ?! I always wanted to keep Agumon , but hey we change how we look when we 're about 25 or 34 . That is how it goes in digimon aswell !!! Lastly , if you have a favourite digimon and you accidently let it poop ! It will mutate into Numemon or Sukamon -LRB- bad digimon 's -RRB- , i always wanted my digimon to stay the same you know !!
 First off , the game has very little to do with the show . -LRB- Which I love darely -RRB- Second of all , there is no analog or dual shock compatible . Finally , this game can be a bit difficult . But if you can look past that you will find a very colorful , fun game . I like Digimon World like how I like Monster Rancher -LRB- another Four star game in my opinion -RRB- Not for everyone , but bad either -LRB- It 's better than Pokemon though -RRB-
 if you have to know then Digimon has always been my favorite and personally I would have made the background 3D but I am not the creator . you can start with any of the characters , Izzy is my favorite . HerculesKaubuterimon is my favorite digimon in his Mega-level . Pokemon sucks ! Rock on Digimon !
 For any digimon freak like me , this is one of the greatest RPG 's ever made ! It 's alot better than DW2 . Why ? # 1 . Its graphics are phenomenal for a 32 bit system . # 2 . Its got battles , puzzles , secrets and like everyother game , cheat codes . # 3 . It works with most analog sticks . # 4 . I find it easy to save when someone tells me they want me off the playstation . I have n't stopped playing it since I got it .
 Digimon World is more or less a virtua pet for your consol , though much deeper . Your `` pet '' will evolve into cool monsters with unique fighting abilities . Your monsters evolve at regular intervals , but you must do different things if you want them to evolve into different digimon . If your looking fr head-on digimon care , this is your game , but if your just in it for the fights and cool-looking monsters , get the sequal .
 Digimon world is the coolest game on playstation yet ! If you a digi-hater at least give digimon a chance ! Rent the game at the least !
 When I saw this game I thought `` Wow ... Cool . '' I must have saved for weeks and it was werth it.I got the game and the graphics were great you can choose your name you can choose your didimons name and I loved it . I aso segest you get the stratigie guied . It tells you really important things .
 How many of you have played the Pokemon Game Boy Game ? Well , you 'll treat that game like trash once you 've played this one ! It isDA BOMB !
 I have always enjoyed the digimon game series and this was by far my favorite game out of them all .
 I was definently expecting more from Digimon.They made they game too stupid.I mean they did n't even look , sound , or `` digivolve `` realisticly.I 've been hyped on Digimon since 3rd grade.But if you ask me I think you should get something like : Digimon World 3 or Gundam Battle Asult 1 and 2 . So thanks for listening.And if you want more of my oppinions visit Kashhu.com or pojo.comSee Ya There !
 This game is awesome . When I first bought the game , my brothers were all laughing at me because they thought that only kids bought digimon stuff but soon enough they too started playing the game and grew to love it . It is AWESOME !!!
 This game is the best game i ever played!The problem is when you digivolve you dont get the digimon you want!It also takes alot of time to digivolve to ultimate.But still this is a awsome game to buy !!!
 This is a decent game . The two problems I have with this game is the constant feeding of the digimon and and having to take my digimon to the bathroom all the time . I feel that they are a waste of game time . Just when you think the game is moveing along , bang , you have to feed or relieve your digimon . I never watch the cartoon and I dont know if bathrooom trips and feeding are a big part of the series , but it sure takes away from the game play . Other than these two gripes the game is good . I hope the manufacturers take notice and fix this problem .
 this game is so cool . I started out with augumon he is now metelgreymon . if your not a digimon fan and dont now the story and dont watch the show this game is for you because it lets you make the story and live freely .
 I have to say this is the best game on the PS . I am SICK off thouse reviews saying '' its to slow '' , '' My digimon keeps on dieing in 3 battles . '' Well this is ' t one of thouse games with just some quick action ... You have to build your charactor up in this game . You ca n't just start the game and expect instant action ... You got ta train at green gym and then go out and kill stuff . The graphics are gorgus for the PS1 . The sound I accualy liked , the music from bettle island in the day was nice :-RRB- . Anyways once you get a champeon then the game is great , The story is awsome . And I think think the game never ends :-RRB- . This is much better than digimon world 2 & 3 . Because you accualy RAISE a dude , not just start with dudes and kill . The only things I did ' t like was the potty trips -LRB- They where tooooo often -RRB- and the time between attacks in the battle . I hate when i have a big old powerful attack and the enemy does a stupid little attack that stops mine ... I think they should of took out the MP in this game -LRB- How does a waterfall increase your magic points ??? -RRB- The MPs limited the coolness in the long battles.Overall if you like a game that you can play for a long time . . and has a semi slow start and a nice pace after that BUY THISBUY THIS GAME . IT IS GREAT!@!!!!!
 I thought that overall this game was good . Everything about it was cool -LRB- except the music , which tends to get on your nerves after a while -RRB- . That is why I give it 4 Stars
 Basicly you raise a digimon to be the best and get digimon to come back to file city . This old geezer with a beard comes and greets you . There are 5 different types of level in digimon world , Baby , In - Training , Rookie , Champion and Ultimate . there is also 3 hidden megas in the game .
 This is like one of the best games I ' v ever played ! The game is about being responsable for raseing a pet , its also cool to rase alot of diferent DIGIMON ! The grafics are neet too , in `` THE GREAT CANYON '' some of the background look like the `` THE GRAND CANYON '' ! I havent beat the game , but I know alot about it . ...
 You must get this game !!! I got it 9/16/04 which was my birthday !!! If you do n't like Agumon or Gabumon no problem all you have to do is make them lose all of their lifes.You will get a really cute fresh Digimon.You can get a green egg , orange egg , blue egg , and pink egg.You get a different Digimon with each one.If your a big fan of Bakumon you might want to kill Agumon or Gabumon 2 times and only win1 battle you got a Bakumon.Your going to die over this game you must and I mean must get the best game in the whole entire world and other worlds like mars I heard the kids there love all video games and there all video game experts.let the virus Digimon be with you .
 This game is quite long and involved with a lot more rp in it than you 'd expect from something like this . Besure that when you get this you get a walkthrough from one of those walkthrough sites before you begin play but otherwise go and have fun . If your as much of a digimon enthusiast as I am you wo n't mind the small amount of prep work that needs doing to get your digimon up and running with the big boys so to speak . Make sure you have two memory cards so you and your friends can battle your digimon in the special battle area at the begining .
 This is the ultimate game ! THE coolest ever . Your mission is to raise and train your own Digimon to save the Digital World by returning Digimon who have `` lost their hearts '' to File City . There are days , years , many new Digimon -LRB- at least from the ones I know -RRB- and awesome battles ! About a MILLION times better than Pokemon . And you wo n't get tired of it either . Only one flaw ... There is no Mega Level Digimon . -LRB- Besides HerculesKabuterimon , but he 's listed as an ultimate and even the Game 's Guide does n't tell you how to get H-Kabuterimon . -RRB- If you 're hoping it 's like the T.V. series ... Do n't hope ... It 's noting like it . But Its still awesome . If you like Digimon and own Play Station , BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW ! Plus , I implore -LRB- strongly encourage -RRB- you to also buy the Game guide . I will help you a LOT ! I read some reviews and saw that this would be a pretty cool game , but when I first played it , it blew me away ! WOW !
 This game is the best thing since sliced bread ! I am partial to starting out with Tentomon . I am so proud of my HurculesKabuterimon ! I was n't that interested in Digimon . I mean I thought it was cool , but barely , and then this game flipped my world ! You have to get this game ! Tip
 This game is terrific , though it is not much like the show which makes it a somewhat dissapointment it still is great . The point of the game is to rebuild this city which was abandoned years ago by digimon . So with the help of your trusty digimon you set of on a journey to bring different digimon to the city . Your guide in the show is Gennai , but a somewhat copy in the game is Jijimon . More than a final fantasy type game -LRB- which I was expecting -RRB- this is a simulation breeding game . At first it is boring but gets VERY fun and interesting . I reccomend it . Although I ca n't wait for digimon world 2 . It comes out in October and promises to be more like the show with digidestined -LRB- probably -RRB- and mega digimon . In digimon world there are no megas just ultimate . And the bad guys are Devimon and Etemon . Buy this game .
 Digimon world is this really cool game where you can raise you Digimon , train it , and recruit other digimon . This game teaches a lot of responsibility and this is not really violent since the guys you fight just faint so parents , do n't be afraid . You start out with a Digimon , Agumon or Gabumon -LRB- depending on how you answer the questions Jijimon asks you -RRB- . In about 4 to 5 days , your digimon digivolves into a champion form . If you can double it 's stats within 6 or 7 digi days , -LRB- you get about 9 or 10 days when you start out -RRB- you 'll be granted an ultimate digimon . This is a very hard tast to acheive . This game has cool graphic , sounds , almost everything so get it . One part about it is frustrating though
 This is one of the best games for the Playstation game console ! You could go on for hours just playing this game ! There are n't many new Digimon , pretty much the ones you 've seen in the movie and show . The object of the game is to recruit the Digimon that are scattered around the Digiworld . The cause of them running away is Analogmon . After you recruit all the digimon you have to face him and three other bosses . Even though it says there are no Megas in this game , there are but only two . They are HerculesKabuterimon and Phoenixmon but they are listed as Ultimates . In the game guide it does n't say how to get them but I 'll tell you . You need to recruit Greymon and then he 'll open up an arena , then you need to beat a certain tournament in the arena and the prize is `` Beetlepearl '' or `` Red Ruby '' . Use them on a Champion form digimon and it 'll digivolve into H-Kabuterimon -LRB- via Beetlepearl -RRB- or Phoenixmon -LRB- via Red Ruby -RRB- !
 Digimon World is the best game ever made . It introduces new Digimon and has the old . So far I have raised 6 Digimon and now I 'm working towards a Palmon . It is better than you think . Although you do n't play as Tai , Izzy , T.K. , Joe , Mimi , Sora or Kari it is the best game ever ! If you have $ 39.99 this is the game . If you think it 's expensive , it 's worth it . I would recommend this to any person . Digimon Digimon World is not what it seems , but it is as close to Digimon as anything can get . BUY THIS GAME . IT IS THE BEST . But one little note . The game is Teen because Digimon will poop and if you go in a field then Virus Digimon will eat it . Well Happy Gaming !
 This game is exellent ! You can start out with either Agumon or Gabumon.The stages for the digimon are fresh-ultimate but some megas are really ultimates in this game.You can train , feed , battle , explore , do quests , have other digimon join the city , and defeat Machinedramon ! The point of the game is that all the digimon in the city have left and forgot they had a heart and some ca n't speak , You are sucked into your Digimon : Virtual pet and are suppose to help get the digimon back.Using items various things happen.If you use Ice Crystal you 'll get Garurumon , if you use prickly fruit you lose weight , if you give food your digimon may want more.I recommend this game for any video gamer or Digimon Fan .
 this game is the best , you get to raise your own digimon and build a city . the evil digimon will try to stop you but some of them might join the city if you beat them . Have fun !
 Digimon World takes 32 bits and exploring to make an ingenius game . Unlike Pokemon your treatment of your mon will decide it 's growth . The other run-around and fight is well used as you can not control your mon. . Feeding and the bathroom make it all the more real . At least rent it . You may like it .
 This game rocks ! Your digimon will digivolve on how you tame him.Because I am so nice , I will give you the story to Digimon World . A digimon named Jijimon invites you to the island to bring digimon back to File City . If you do n't , the island will be in danger.Digimon moved out of the city because they lost their memories and heart.Here 's some things you should do when you just start playing.Leave File city and an Agumon will fight you . defeat it and he will join the city . Next go find a flower named Palmon . Talk to her 3 times . she will now fight you . beat her and she joins the city.If you buy digimon world , listen to my tips I gave you.P.S . Digimon world is rated T , but there 's nothing T about the game except for the name of the attack u.l.t.poop hell !
 Digimon is cool , I have been playing tons and tons . I have gotten stuck though . If you beat the game and still play it . HELP ME . My web adress is AceTheConqueror@Aol.com .
 I have n't bought it yet but I rented it.People say this is just a copy of Pok 'em on but Digimon came out the same time as Pok 'em on.Believe me because I 'm Japanese.I was there.Any way , it is a great game.I 'll give the ratings I got from my friends.Friends ' Average Graphics 9.2 Sound 8.2 Control 9.0 Fun Factor 9.5
 I rented this game at a local store one time and played it . It was o.k except it took 2 years for them to finish this game which means the show was n't out then but the keychains were if you remember them . The game is about a kid who gets pulled into one of the keychain and is in File City after that . Then he has to take care of all of the Digimon and send them back to File City the ones who ran away . It was an interesting way to play though . Sorta like a tamagotchi except you can battle and walk around . It 's kinda like an action/rpg . You talk to digimon all over the digiworld and see what there doing . It 's just really hard to explain and review this game . I 'll leave it at that . It 's ok . to rent .
 This game is the best of the best , even though it 's the only one . The next games , hopefully , will be on the other gaming platforms . There are just as many charactors as there are in the series and even better graphics and detail . People may think this is Pokemon or a copii of Pokemon , but once they look , they will see the diffrences .
 I thought this game was going to be better!It 's good but they do n't Digivolve into how they are supposed to be and it 's hard but it 's good .
 This game is great for kids the like to watch the the show , its kind of like the same thing.The gameplay is great for people that like game like this but its not very long
 This game is the best . In the game you take care of a digimon like it was a pet and you could train it so that you can win against strong opponents . You also can also learn moves and digivolve -LRB- unfortunately only to the ultamate level -RRB- . The only thing that -LRB- is bad -RRB- about this game is that you have to feed your digimon , get it to the bathroom , you may lose your food , and the worst part is that your digimon die in 15-20 days . If you get the guide you can know what digimon you can get and how to get digimon that `` lost their hearts '' join the city you are making for the mega level Jijimon and to save the island .
 This game is the ultimate in digimon cool ! You get to train the awesome monsters ! The best part is that you can get some digivolving info off the internet ! The story line is good and the array of new and old characters is amazing ! I would highly reccommend this game to any digifan or not !
 This game is super cool you get your own digimon which digivolvesto a champion within a few days.You can also recruit other digimon and have lots of items.You can talk to every character in the game andeven go fishing ! Anyone who likes playing interactive games will love this game !
 This is the first Digimon Game to come out . Digimon World 2 and Digimon : Grand Prix is coming out soon too . Yo can start out with Agumon or Gabumon and Ultimate is the highest level in the game.Here is some rating about this game . Kind of game : Adventure/Role Play Sound rating : Very good It has a sense of cool sound in it.I 'd rate it 4 stars . Graphics : Awesome I 'd rate it 5 stars.All 3-d . Other
 This game is cool.But if you want your Digimon to Digivole into a certain Digimon its kinda hard peapeles 5 in under might find it hard.Anyways this reminds me of the hit seris Digimon.Is not like just battling its like what they do in Digimon .
 it rulez graphics 100 % strategy 100 % game play100 % sound 99 % backrounds 95 % boringness 1 % unboringness100 %
 The game was great it high on color and so good I was play for hours . Buy This game Now !
 IT IS THE BEST ! IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THE POKEMON GAME FOR GAME BOY , YOU HAVE WIERD THINGS GOING IN YOUR MIND . IT IS BETTER THAN THAT IT HAS A MARIO 64 AND POKEMON GB R/B TOUCH TO IT IT HAS 3-D EFFECTS AND REAL TIME CLOCK AND IT IS ON PSX ! THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING AND YOU CAN MOVE FREELY ON ALMOST ANYTHING THAT LOOKS WALKABLE . WATCH YOUR DIGIMON GO HEAD TO HEAD . I LOOOOVE MY SALAMON !
 Abosolutly the best digimon game of all yet . . I do n't really like Digimon World 2 or digi-battle card game
 This game is very good . You explore vast inviroments of volcanos , icy worlds , forests , mountains , and more - all with a digimon that can digivole and battle to higher forms . the only thing is , if you make a mistake - you 'll get a numemon , or if the digimon 's stats are n't good enough , you 'll get a numemon . and no matter what level your digimon is - when his virus meter is full , it will turn into a sukamon . of course , you can mostly avoid these terrors . but the neat graphics makes it fun . = -RRB-
 First off , despite being 17 I do not let how I am `` supposed '' to act determine what I do for fun ! I got a Digimon Digivice around the time they first came out . I found it to be really entertaining for just a `` virtual pet '' . When the anime came out I dug through my old toys n ' stuff and started using my Digivice again and was drawn into the Digimon phenomenon again ! I as dissapointed with Pokemon , I enjoyed -LRB- and still enjoy -RRB- the original games -LRB- with Gold/Silver too -RRB- but the anime and the rest of the Pokemon fad could n't grasp me . Digimon the anime has a surprisingly deep storyline if you look into it , plus the monsters actually communicate and do not just repeat their names -LRB- which gets old after , say , 10 minutes ! -RRB- . The game looks to be great , it is an RPG -LRB- which is a major + -RRB- and a virtual pet in one -LRB- another + -RRB- ! Iwould say anyone who wants a semi-mature version of Pokemon or Monster Rancher -LRB- which I have 1 & 2 -RRB- , check Digimon World out ! If you do not like that type of game -LRB- or are too `` grown up '' for fun ! -RRB- rent it and just give it a chance . If ya do not like it , no worries !
 At 1st when I read all the reviews I was planing not to get the game . But I still decided to get it . It 's beter than what I expected ! I love it . It 's really cool . I like how you raise your own Digimon . I herd the 2nd version of the game would come out soon . And I herd it would be beter . I think you should get this game . It 's fun . And by the way I 'm 13 .
 Digimon World is a great game . Its not as hard or as bad as people are saying . They must not have a lot of gaming experience . It 's both fun and challenging . I guess the hard part for gamers is that they will actually have to use their brains to raise digimon the correct way . Mistakes can cause digimon not to digivolve into Ultimates.All-in-all , Digimon World is worth your money .
 This game is one of a kind . with a unique battle system and playstyle . it trusly was a masterpiece of its time . i would defintely purchase the other digimon worlds if the gameplay was the same , but sadly it isnt . In battle u have an assortment of commands for your digimon while battling is optional . except for bosses to progress . and the graphics is just great
 usually i hate digimon games , but the digimon world 1,2 and 3 are excillent.Its still fun to play every once and a while . Out of all the digimon world games i feel this is the best of them all : D
 My grandma gave me this game when she closed her video store and i never really played it until 2 days ago . The speed of the game is slow enough to where you can get used to the controls and have fun with it , you ca n't digivolve to mega though , that 's the only drawback . I reccomend this game to anyone who loves digimon ! PS - RENAMON RULES , even IF she 's not in this game . : -RRB-
 Digimon was a great game to play if you like raising animals , training them , and taking them into battle . I loved the Digimon worlds that you explore , the stories that you encounter , and building File City.However , some things about the game are really annoying , like having to raise a whole chart of Digimon , trying to get medals , and Digimon fading away and you have to train a new one . There is no way you could raise a whole chart of Digimon before you defeat the game . After the game is over you can go back and raise more Digimon , but there would be nothing else to do other than fighting other Digimon and earning medals . Digimon know when you are about to get to finishing a level and that 's when they decide to fade away ... either that or it seems so . It takes around 15 days to train a Digimon to be strong enough to fend for his own.If you love adventure games and want to play the game as it is , I recommend it . You can always get game shark cheats to cover the annoying formalities .
 To tell you the truth I think this game was really bad . I mean you could not even get agumon to digivolve to greymon.They should have it where it is like the show , where the digimon didivolve into what they are suppost to.Why would a agumon digivolve to a numemon , that is so stupid.The game is so confusing you dont even know what to do . one more thing thats really stupid is if have your digimon crap anywere but the toilet , it will effect the way it digivoles , so you might get a numemon . I tried so many times to get agumon to digivolve to greymon , but it hopeless . I did everything the walkthroughs told me to do , keep it on a rutien every day , feed it right , and even had it at 30 pounds . It was still hopless . The goul of the game is to bring curupted digimon back to the city . My suggestion to you is to think twice before you by this game .
 tHiS GaMe iS sO FuN ~ ! i pLaY tHiS oVeR n oVer AgAiN sTarTiNg OuT wiTh a DiFfErEnT cHaRaCtEr eAcH tiMe ~ ! CooL ~ !
 HOW COME YOU DID N'T SAY THAT WHEN I ORDERED THE FIRST TIME . WE HAVE TO HAVE THIS ORDER BY DECEMBER 7 , 2000 . WE OUR CHRISTMAS TIME DECEMBER 10 , 2000 . WE BETTER GET THIS ORDER BECAUSE HE IS A LITTLE BOY AND GRANDMA IS GETTING IT FOR HIM . DO YOU WANT TO DISAPPOINT HIM ? I HOPE THIS COME IN BEFORE THIS TIME.LANA
 I 've played this game a lot when I was younger . The gameplay itself does require a bit more time and careful planning for your digimon .
 I love this game , I used to have it and I played it obsessively but it is simply too expensive now .
 This is definitely an old game that I played as a child and decided it was something I valued greatly and wanted to own again . Good shipping and product .
 Fast shipper . Described the item exactly . The case was in excellent condition as describe and the game was a gift and this is all my daughter plays
 I first played this game over 10 years ago , and I still miss it . So I bought it again ~ It is so much fun .
 This game may have low graphics , but the fun outlasts them . This game is adventurous with many quests to fulfill . it may be a bit hard to get the digimon you want . I just keep trying anyways ! although i never got agumon anymore since the beggining of the game.you have to bring back digimon who have left the city . the more you bring the more things in the city are available.It 's sad that the digimon fade away if you do not meet the digivolve requirements.well if you like digimon a lot i would recommend this game !
 Digimon
 This Digimon game blows Pokemon right out of the water ! I often start with Izzy and Tentomon . He is now a HerculesKabuterimon ! I 'm so proud ! Try this game , if you 're a Pokemon fanatic , get out of the sea of Pokemon and experience DIGIMON-DIGITAL MONSTERS !
 This game rocks . It is way better than pokemon . I personaly like to start out with palmon because when you get to rosemon she is so cool . Also because the graphics are way better then pokemon .
 When i first heard of this game , i totally trashed on it because i heard it was nothing like the show ... But then i rented it 4 a few days , before i knew it , i was playing it for hours ! I am not a big RPG fan , but this game is GREAT.I really enjoy raising and battling other Digimon.I recently bought it because i could never finish the game over the weekend , So this is not a rental game.The game features a HUGE variety of different Digimon 4 u 2 raise & battle , the Adventure is very long but NOT boring at all 4 a Digimon Fan.There are so many different places 2 explore on File Island -LRB- where the game takes place -RRB- and most of them have different digimon surrounding them.I would ` nt reccomend this game 2 the Major Fans of the TV series , but 2 the one 's who enjoy the Point of Digimon and Monster Raising ... And if u liked the Original Digimon Virtual Pet , this is a MUST-HAVE game 4 u !
 This game is great ! Play as a guy who 's japanese name is Hero and battle with your Digimon around File Island . Agumon and Gabumon are the available starters but once your Digimon dies I believe others are available . Feed your Digimon and let it do its business and he 'll turn out fine . Do n't pay attention to him and you 'll get a Numemon or Sukamon . Train him well and maybe you 'll get Metal Greymon , Mamemon , Monzaimon , Metal Mamemon , Skull Greymon , or Vademon !
 This is the Ultimate game ! Agumon digivolve to gerymon , greymoin digivolve in to ultimate ! He is Metalgreymon ! yAY ! Now he haS warped digivolved to Wargreymon im proud of him ! I love this game because it is so fun . we can rejoice on something better than pokemon evil . This is my favorite videoogame ever made ! You should get this game ! If you think pokemon is cool than this will be the best game ever ! i do more than just play this game ! because it is fun to play with in other ways . Get this game and become part of the digi clan ! the cool people !
 Some people say you can start out with Tentemon and some people say you can get MEGA digimon but you ca n't . The highest form you can get is an Ultamate.The starting digimon you can get in the begenging are Botamon-Koromon and Punimon-Tsunomon . Still the game is still so cool.You recrut digimon and Go to Mount Infinite and Fight Devimon and I think MetalGreymon and one more Digimon.If you recruted all the Digimon that you could and try Mount Infinite a second time you would be able to fight Machenedramon . he is very tough your first time fighting him your first time.your digimon live for 15-20 days depending on how you take care of it . after your digimon dies you will have more choises for starter digimon .
 Digimon world is the best game ever . You start out as a young boy who gets sucked up into the digital world . You first meet a digimon called jijimon who tells you that you were brought here to save the digital world . In the game you have to find all the digimon who used to live in File City and pursuade them to go back . Along the way you have to train your digimon hard to get its stats to as high as you can and learn new and more powerfull technices to destroy your enimies . As you get further on in the game File City will expand eventually getting an item shop , Resteraunt , Battle arena and Hospital . As your digimon is alive you will have to feed it train it and take it to the bathroom , or else it will poop on the floor . In total you can get about 61 digimon including greymon , garurumon and monzemon . I would recomend this game to anyone especially digimon fans as it is the best game ever .
 Okay , so you go into your local video store and see a cool-looking game for Playstation called DIGIMON WORLD . `` Hey , they 're always having these kind of things . '' you tell yourself . You look at it again and decide to rent it . Soon you 'll put it into your game console and you 'll get ... hooked ! Digimon World is a great game . It is far better than the Pokemon gameboy game . It involves teamwork , reliability , and training . You must care for your partner Digimon and digivolve it to defeat enemies that stop you from saving the city . Only you can save Digimon World !
 Digimon really is a superb game.Ignore all the little pokemon fans , leave them too their 8bit graphics.It is time to step into the light ... At first the strongest is Agumon , but I recomend you select Tentomon.Tentomon changes into HerculesKabuteimon , who looks , quite simply , awesome . Give digimon a chance and at least rent it.You will be pleasently suprised .
 I saw this game on Amazon.Com & didnt expect seeing it while i went shopping today at Best Buy . I didnt want to open the game until i found a good review online . Unfortunately since the game was so new every website i went to didnt have a review for the game . I opened it & decided to give it a chance . This is a great GAME !! Kao is cute & can rival any mascot from Mario , Jak , Crash , Ratchet , Sonic , & Sly . It has all the elements of a great platformer & its great to see a nice kiddy lite game title on the PSP besides Daxter . PSP for me has been hounded by R-Rated games in my opinion . The game is also a great deal at $ 19.99 you cant beat that price . While Daxter is going for double the price . Great Price , Great Game , & alot of fun . I hope everyone who picks this up enjoys it as much as i do = -RRB-
 Hey everyone , If you like Resident Evil and Parasite Eve , you will love this game . It starts out , that you are a cop named Keith J. Snyder and you are assigned to VIP security at the `` Desert Moon Casino '' . At the height of the party festivities , a fire breaks out . Emergency sprinklers extinguish the fire , but they also spray some revelers with a mysterious black liquid that suddenly transforms them into vampires . It is well worth the money if you like survival horror games .
 FIRST OFF - THIS GAME IS ALWAYS PUT DOWN BY MOST MAGS AND FANS AS WELL ... MAYBE THAT 'S BECAUSE THEY NEVER HAD THE PATIENCE TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO STAY ALIVE !! YOU DO N'T NEED TO GAMBLE A LOT OR EVEN SAVE THE VAMPS . BUT IF YOU SEE SOME SNACK MACHINES BUY A DRINK . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE CANDY - TOO EXPENSIVE . YOU CAN BUY 2 DRINKS - AND THERE ARE TONS OF VENDING MACHINES . THE MONSTERS ARE COOL - BUT IF YOU LAND IN A NEST OF VAMPS - KILL THEM WITH YOUR SHOTGUN . THE MAGNUM BLOWS AWAY THE OTHER NASTY BEASTIES TOO !! THERE ARE TONS OF MONSTERS TO SLAY - AS WELL AS SOME HARD PUZZLES.LOOK ONLINE FOR STRATEGY WALKTHRU , IF YOU GET STUCK REALLY BAD.YOU 'LL NEVER WANT TO PUT THIS GAME DOWN . AFTER YOU ARE DONE WITH IT , YOU 'LL BE BACK TO PLAY IT LATER ON . . NOT LIKE '' RESIDENT EVIL - SURVIVOR '' . PICK UP THIS GAME , AND DO N'T MISS OUT ON ANY OF THE FUN ...
 This games is awesome . . if you are a fan of the Resident Evil games you will definitely love this one !! Get it or you 'll be missing out !
 Well You start in a hotel . A fire breaks out and people turn into vampires . You take the role of Keith Snyder . You have to resue humans and find a cure for the vampires . It was an ok game . There are puzzles and action to keep you hooked . You find mysterious characters . Though the weapon sounds are dull you have alot of guns to pick from . The sound is alright . The laugh of the vampire is very cheap and corny . The game play is exactly the same as resident evil . I hope the review helped . E-mail me at ... . for questions and tips or stragety .
 This game is awesome !! Anyone who is hooked on the Resident Evil games will love this one ! Exactly like them , but with vampires . . Buy it today , or you will definitely be missing out !
 I played this game about a month after I played resident evil and I have to say it reminded me of resident evil almost immidiatley.Thats a good thing ! At first you haft to use an ansthestic dart gun wich kinda stincts , but eventualy you getta use a kick butt hand gun , then a shotgun , then an ausult rifle , and eventualy a ... magnum ! Enemies include the undead , vampires , huge bats , amphibeans , gargoyles , and the man in black ! I hav n't beat the game yet so I 'm sure there are even more enemies and more awesome weapons to kill em with . All I know about the boss is that his name is Geils and he 's really tuff . Well I guss that 's all I really have to say , so see ya !
 Yes , another company tried to do what resident evil did , but at least this company made it harder to play ; more challenging.Firstly , when they are dead , you have to spray them with white water to make sure they do not get up again.Secondly , you have to watch your own back because these guys move faster than zombies in resident evil and do not take their time coming to you.They know you are there as soon as you walk into the room!Countdown Vampires
 This game is fabulous , there 's so much to do with it.My 6 year old and my three year old LOVE IT !! I guess you just have to be young at heart to fully enjoy the cuteness of this game , it 's actually GOOD , & WHOLESOME , which is a rare comodity these days !! It provides hours of fun for my kids , and my kids are no dummies they are head of their class , with private after school tutors for other private classes that are not offered ie
 I think this game is for anyone . It has fun board games and lots of things to explore . I loved Winnie the Pooh 's house the most because you can decorate his house and read little stories you collect , and play mini games . This game is not too easy but not too hard .
 I am a Pooh fanatic - this is the whole reason I bought a Game Boy Color , and I was n't disappointed . The graphics and sounds are absolutely delightful , and the game is very fun and easy to play , while still being challenging for adult Pooh fans . Playing as Pooh , you explore the 100 Acre woods , playing games and meeting all your friends along the way , like Tigger , Piglet , Eeyore , Rabbit , Gopher , Kanga , and Roo . Rescue Piglet when he finds himself entirely surrounded by water , or help him gather acorns . There is so much to see and do ! I ca n't recommend this game highly enough - if you have a young child or even an adult Pooh lover , you need this game !
 Winnie the Pooh is back.This game provided fun for hours and at the same time a challenging game that delighted me and my friends.The graphics look really good on GBC.I would recomend this game to kids of all ages .
 I played one level of this game on the demo disc to OPM magazine and I was quite impressed . Lightning-paced action , unusual attack methods -LRB- bombs -RRB- , good graphics , and a comparably old-school approach that 's rarely found these days.Silent Bomber is n't all good
 Silent Bomber is like a cold ice pack down your spine on a hot day - one of the most goddamn playable , challenging , fresh and ADDICTIVE games on the PS . Alas , it would seem that this gem will fade into obscurity and never get the deserved attention it should and become a cult classic . Which would be a travesty because the control system is so tight , the graphics are nice - not mindblowing but nothing to complain about , the explosions are HUGE and totally excellent -LRB- which make up for the `` really rubbish '' voices in the game -RRB- , but the gameplay ... ah , the gameplay . Sweet as nectar is the gameplay . Like the total opposite of Metal Gear Solid because blowing stuff up instead of sneakin ' around is about 99 % of the game . This may sound pretty lame , but it ai n't . The satisfaction of blowing everything up when you are totally outnumbered is immense and quite disturbing as a result . Silent Bomber is big , bad and very very cool . Check it out .
 Silent Bomber is definetly one the coolest games I 've ever played , but it 's also the hardest . It offers incredible -LRB- and nearly impossible at times -RRB- missions , good storyline , and great CGI movies . The characters voices can be somewhat lame and the main character , Jutah 's , appearance in the movies borders on shemale . The worst thing about the game is the difficulty . I ca n't beat the last guy even with the new gameshark cdx ! It does offer amazing vr training and cool enemies , though . Like I said , experts only !
 This is the best game I ever played on the Play Station game counsil . I never realy liked shooting games , but mines ? Thats a hole difrent story . Silent Bomber has no guns what so ever . You can only usu mines to blw up your targets . It 's more then just run and gun . It 's blow and go !
 If you have ever had the chance to play this game you would understand . I traded my last copy for a new release game i forgot which game . He would not trade me back . So bought this one .
 About 10 years ago , I played the demo for this game and loved it . I gave the demo to a friend who would n't stop begging me to borrow it because he thought the game was so cool . I gave it to him , and never got it back . Anyway , life went on and then I thought to myself , `` all those great Playstation classics that I lost , I need to get them back . '' So this game came to mind and I was really pleased with it even after so much time had pass . A really innovative platformer , Silent Bomber is fun and challenging . I 'm in the process of completing it so I can play the other classics I lost . Great throwback game if you feel the need to take a break from current generation -LRB- PS3 -RRB- games . I got 8 more PS classics to go .
 What I like about it most is just well all you do is go around blowing up things loved it . If I have a bad day at work I can come home and take it out on the game . Ok so the voices suck , but the idea of just blowing things up is great ...
 Kao Round 2 attracted me because some programmers from Atari made it.I figured that it would be fun , so I bought it . The levels have a modest challenge set forth , and you have to sock the stars out of the opponents.Armed with some boxing gloves and boomerangs , Kao is a champion throughout the adventure . The nice , playful graphics enchanted me for a spell , but now I am over it ... ... a stork will only let me fly so far it says , Maybe I will give it another round next go around .
 FUN GAME , CAN BE HARD AT TIMES WHICH ADDS TO THE EXCITEMENT IT ARRIVED PROMPTLY IN GREAT CONDITION :0 -RRB-
 This thing is great . It can hold up to twelve games . It is also at a great price . I already have three myself . They take up very little room and they stack easily . I will recomend this product to anyone and they also look cool next to your Nintedo 64 or other system . I guarantee that your buddy will want to rush out and get one for himself . I stick to my word when I say that you are going to love this and remember that you are getting this for a great price .
 Not only does it hold my games good , but one case will also hold 2 controllers . These really make things nice and tidy . The only bad feature is that you can not see what the games are without pulling each one out , but with the way N64 labels their games I do n't think this is avoidable . -LRB- I type on sticky labels , & put on the top of the game cartridge -RRB-
 I love this Organizer ! It keeps my Nintendo 64 system cart organized . It helps keeping my basement clean , which needs all the help it can get with my little brother and sister.-Nintendo 64 fan
 This organizer is simple , cheap , and does exactly what it 's supposed to do - keep your games in order . It 's great for keeping your games safe too , wheather you have Super NES games or Nintendo 64 ones . Plus , it 's officialy liscenced , adding great value that wo n't make it look cheap next to your system . If you have a lot of games lying around , pick this one up today .
 I bought this because I am currently buying a bunch of stuff for the N64 . Overall this was a good buy . It looks like I bought it when the N64 originally came out . Also , it just has that gamer look i was looking for . Once again I will honestly tell you this is a very good buy .
 The original Rainbow Six is still my favorite game in the series and i 'm pleasantly surprised to see a remake of some of my favorite levels of the original and Rogue Spear.While the game is not very difficult -LRB- you can save your progress at any time during a level -RRB- or even long it 's still alot of fun to replay missions with different strategies and weapons . -LRB- try playing through the maps with just pistols and no saving for an interesting challenge -RRB- The gameplay is very well executed even though it plays very similar to the original PC version and graphically it 's alot better looking then the pretty ugly PS1 release.It 's probably a better idea to rent the game then to purchase but if you 're a big fan of the kind of gameplay that the original had then you 're definately going to enjoy the experience .
 This game is not as good as the other rainbow games rainbow fans beware this games just does not have the story line of the others
 I really enjoyed this game as well as every other game in the series . I find Rainbow Six to be fun and entertaining .
 I bought this game because i LOVE Tom Clancy Games , and most games by Ubisoft . This game is n't as good as Rainbow Six Lockdown , because of less missions and almost no cut scenes . The weapons were the same , but they took out some of them -LSB- my beloved SR4 :'-LRB- -RSB- , and you 're back with your old team , no international operatives that you can get paired up with . Overall , i 'd say this is a pretty fun game .
 This was released in Europe some six months ago so I 've had ample time to go through the game many times , and exhaust all the possibilities . I think this is a fairly definitive review :--RRB- `` Obscure '' -LRB- `` Mortfilia '' in Japan -RRB- follows the age-old story of a gang of unruly teenagers as they attempt to uncover the mystery behind several disappearances of students in their high school -LRB- what is it about U.S. high schools that make the creatures of darkness want to kill , kill kill ? Answers on a postcard to ... . etc -RRB- . So far , so unexceptional.What really sets this game apart is the absolute self-confidence with which it plaigirises not only classic teen slasher movies , but also several other Survival Horror peers , and the aplomb with which it presents itself as a totally new game.It 's not.But that lack of originality certainly does n't mean it 's not a fun game to play . Read on!GRAPHICS
 When you first start the game it shows you a little video and it will have Sum 41 's music playing to it . That just really sets the mood . It gives you the whole feel of High School all over again . After that you start the game as Kenny who then goes missing . When his sister and girlfriend start talking they both realize that he never came home last night . They decide to lock themselves in after school when everyone has gone home to look for him.When I frist saw this game I thought it would be a really good game to play . I was n't completely wrong . This game tends to resemble the Resident Evil and Haunting Ground series . It resembles these games in the aspect that the enviroments tend to go back on their selves . What I mean is you have all these doors most are locked but when you find a key to one of the locked doors and go inside there is usually a few more doors in that room but one of the doors leads back to a area of the shcool you have already visited . I really like that aspect because it cuts down on all the long back tracking most games have you go through just to get back from point B to point A. Another aspect it takes on from those games is that it has a map which shows which building you 're currently in . But this game has a neat little feature added to its mapping system . Oh yes I like this little feature . =-RRB- In this game , at some point in the game anyway , you will look at your map and it will show you the room you 're currently in and all the rooms around it , BUT the map will have either a red check or some kind of red mark at the doors you have already enterd and a red X at the doors you have n't enter or that or locked . I have n't figure out if the x means you have n't enter it yet or its locked 'cause all the doors I have n't enter yet or locked so who knows.This game also has a lot of cut scenes . I would have to say that within the first few mins of playing this game you will have been exposed to 7 cut scenes . The cut scenes are really great . They just make this game seem to take on a life of its own.The only two things I really did n't like about this game were the controls and the health system . There were so many different controls that did so many different things . It takes a while to get used to them so I would suggest you play around with the contorls and get familiar with them before you find a monster . The health system . Aww yes . Now how much health does my person have again . I do n't know O_o . This game pretty much leaves you flying blind when it comes to your characters health . It does n't show you on the screen how much health your person has but you will get little hints that your person is near death almost . If your person has lost a good amount of health the controller will vibrate and your character will do what the characters in the Resident Evil Series did , they will start limping , holding their side and walk/run slowly . I did learn a neat little trick to figure out how bad my person is hurt . If you go to the screen where you have your map at the top it will have some other tabs like I think one was documents and another one was characters . Go the characters tab and whoever your current character is , the character you 're currently controling , look at their picture and it will give you a pretty good idea of how bad they 're hurt . When they have not had any damage done to them they 're picture is nice and clean , whenever they take on damage they 're picture slowly starts getting bloody.Over all I really liked this game . This game is like in a class by itself in the whole horror games listing . The majority of the other horror games I 've played have been set in some kind of town except for a few . This is the first horror game that makes going to High School terrifying and makes you thankful you do n't go to High School any more .
 I have to compare this one to Code Veronica in the resident evil series . The graphics , like Veronica , are great and the overall story is excellent and the presentation is great . The one problem is the difficulty , it 's just a little too hard . I kept getting stuck on certain sequences and found it really tiresome , and time consuming , to get past them.That is the only thing that stopped this game from being a classic , a game should be enjoyable not so difficult you become bored with it .
 For being an older video game , this game still can make a person jump . It 's addicting to play , and makes me impatient to get the next one . Hopefully they will continue to make these .
 this game rocked , it was hip and fun and made you feel like it was real , they need to make more games like this and bully they have the same feel like you are really there !
 This is a fun game that follows in the style of resident evil if claire redfield ever took high school . This is really fun and if you are bored and waiting around for another creepy title to show up well this is one you should defendently check out.It looks like a bomb type of game , but do n't let it fool you . This game is a lot of fun and it will be sure to keep you after class ...
 I dont understand why some people keep bashing this game.Ok , maybe they stole some idea \ character from the Faculty movie , but that movie was good and the game is too.How many times I was dreaming to stay in my school for a night , just to wander in the dark scary corridors.How many times I was dreaming that city will be envaded with zombies ... wait , I got carried away , its not about this game ; -RRB- Anyways , Obscure gives an oppotunity to come back to school and see what happens there at night.With a nice original music score ;-RRB- Also I like the idea of 2 players option , and that you can switch characters -LRB- in whole there are 6 of them in the game -RRB- . Now what I dont like ... I think the game is a bit too short/easy , and theres not much value in replaying , no hidden scanerions , secrets or anything.Overall I still would suggest this game to all survival horror lovers .
 Since I like the Resident Evil Series and I 'm a Fan of Horror Movies , I decided to give it a Try ... and I loved it ! The Fact that you can play this in Co-op Mode is also a Plus for me and I 've missed it on a lot of good Games.The Controls are easy , the Gameplay a blast , the Interaction between the Characters is Fun and I liked the Fact that you can choose between the Characters when the Need arises ... although I stuck with one the whole Game through.I liked the Graphics and the `` scary '' Factor is not bad at all ... gets your Adrenalin pumping . Yes , it is Somewhat of a `` Slasher Movie '' type Game , but that 's just another Part that makes it so much Fun , because it 's done well.It 's hard enough to be challenging , but not so hard that you get frustrated . It was well worth the Try ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 When I first got this game I was really drawn in by the graphics and the sorta go where you want and do what you want aspect.You 've got the sereotypical kids from a horror movie staying the night in the high school looking for the stereotypical JOCK who disapeared in the first of the game . . You 've got an ungodly creepy high school that should have raised suspicion earlier -LRB- I mean could n't they see that the lockers were all rusty and the windows were blacked out in the daylight?but I fell in love . . I played it non stop for about four or five days until it got really hard and I gave up?but I absolutely loved the game , and when I went back to it recently I had forgotten how to play it . . but it was still hard and I still gave upbut I still loved it!but yeah : -RRB- I 'm out !
 I bought this program at Hastings Bookstore in 1999 when I first started homeschooling in 6th grade . I am now 20 , and this is by far the BEST educational software I have ever owned . It has overviews and articles discussing every major culture 300 A.D. and before to prehistoric times , as well as interactive walkthroughs of tomb excavations , musical instruments , and village recreations . I only wish that Piranha -LRB- now Tiburon -RRB- and Maris had made sequels of this , since new finds and discoveries are made all the time , which could be added onto Ancient Origins to make it even better . The market is in desperate need of more of this type of software .
 My first foray into next generation games came when I bought a Nintendo Wii after Christmas of ' 07 . It was n't too big of a deal because the Wii was made with Standard Definition TVs in mind . When I moved from Hawaii to California a few months later , I found myself purchasing an XBox 360 Elite and a 42-inch LCD HDTV . Then the Playstation 3 , a Component cable for the Wii and then upgrading my cable box to HD , and then a Component cable for the new PSP Slim.With all this , I ran out of inputs for my TV , especially Component inputs.I had been searching around for an HDMI/Component switch for several months , but had found none . I had asked people in the know , but was directed to standalone HDMI OR Component switches . I thought that finding an AFFORDABLE switch that handled both Composite and HDMI was going to be impossible , and got to the point that I would have to buy one of each . Before I committed , I did one last google search that eventually led me to the Intec G5239.The G5239 can take in 2 HDMI inputs as well as 4 Component . Each of these inputs also come with an Ethernet jack and an Optical In . There is also 1 Composite input in the front of the unit -LRB- the 4 Component jacks can also take in Composite input , FYI -RRB- . You can also name each input instead of the default INPUT 1 , INPUT 2 , INPUT 3 , etc. . So it 's very handy for people who are n't videophiles or gadget geeks , like your parents or your girlfriend . ; - -RRB- For my setup , I have as follows : INPUT 1-4 -LRB- Component -RRB- 1 - EMPTY2 - PSP Component OUT cable3 - Xbox Original running the HD AV Pack4 - Nintendo Wii w / Component OUTINPUT 5-6 -LRB- HDMI -RRB- 5 - XBox 360 Elite6 - PS3INPUT 7 -LRB- Composite -RRB- 7 - EMPTYAll HDMI inputs displayed at the maximum 1080P resolution . All Component inputs displayed at the maximum resolution set , whether it was 480i , 480p , 720p , or 1080i . Images looked no different as when they were connected straight to my HDTV.If you are a into video games , then Intec is a name that you should be familiar with . They are makers of aftermarket videogame accessories like controllers , memory cards , cables , and AV Selectors . I usually rank them ahead of Pelican and Mad Catz for their quality.So with that said , the Intec G5239 is perfect and is THE CHOICE for those that demand excellent quality at a reasonable price . If you 're in a similar situation as I was and are looking for a solution , look no further . Here 's your answer -LRB- and this is the answer because I researched it for MONTHS ! ;--RRB- -RRB- .
 Good piece of gear . Lets me switch between any of my several devices from the couch instead of having to get up . My laziness can continue uninterrupted ! It was easy to set up and I have n't had any issues with it yet . -LRB- It 's been about 2 months -RRB-
 I bought a couple of these units recently from a dealer and kept one for myself to use for the myriad gaming devices that I have . It works perfectly and having the remote control means I do n't have to get off of the couch to change inputs .
 It 's just a shame that Intec chose to make such an incredibly thought-out and functional , yet IN A PRACTICAL SENSE , DIS-FUNCTION product . -LRB- For most users -RRB- . Specifically ... This mostly awesome A/V switch does NOT perform conversion of various video formats . IN OTHER WORDS ... Your input video format POTENTIAL -LRB- i.e.
 Overall , this was a good item . It works precisely as I expected it to , and as I needed it to for my purposes . You should know up front that this box is just a source selector -- it does not convert signal types . So , for example , if you have a Wii hooked up with component cables , and an N64 using S-video , then you 'd need to switch your TV 's input to S-Video for N64 and component for Wii , in addition to switching the switch box . Some of the other reviews criticized this item for not converting , but I do n't think it 's fair to criticize it for being something that it does n't claim to be.Other reviews complained about the remote not working , but I did n't exactly have this problem . For me , the remote seems to have a sweet spot where I have to hold it to get it to work consistently . It does n't seem to work if I am holding the remote too high -- I have to hold it closer to the ground -LRB- the box is only 1 ft off the ground -RRB- . I do n't know if this was the cause of the other reviewers ' remote problems or not , but it is kind of annoying trying to find the sweet spot.One other annoyance is that the LEDs are pretty bright , and when the box is off it has a very bright red LED . So bright that if it were in your bedroom , you 'd probably want to put a towel over it to sleep .
 `` Obscure '' is a slick , enjoyable survival horror game that compensates for its flaws with budget appeal and a high school setting that , while trite by now in the realm of Hollywood feature films , is virgin territory for a video game . Whether or not the setting and characters suit your tastes as a gamer is entirely another matter . Even so , most fans of the survival horror experience will find something to enjoy in `` Obscure . `` The storyline is a bit contrived and convoluted , ultimately boiling down to the usual illegal genetic experimentation . Predictably , this work results in horrific mutations and zombies that stalk the living . Oh well , at least the fact that all of this takes place within the confines of a high school sets it apart from all the other games recycling that premise . And like 1998 's The Faculty , it 's ultimately up to a ragtag band of grade schoolers to step up and save the day . Yes , definitely keep The Faculty in mind and see if you ca n't spot the similarities - the resemblance of the hoodlum character to said feature 's Josh Hartnett being almost criminal . Despite the fact that the game 's developers are French , the depiction of American high school students is not as offensive as it could have been save for a few misfires here and there , primarily each and every character 's obsession with basketball.Each of the five different characters represents a sort of high school archetype , such as the aforementioned hoodlum -LRB- easily the most likable of the gang -RRB- , the jock -LRB- not as bad as it sounds -RRB- , and the nerd -LRB- so irritating it 's hard to convince yourself to take on his mantle -RRB- . They have their own personal strengths and weaknesses , most of which make sense given the nature of their characters . For instance , the jock is the strongest of the bunch while the hoodlum can pick locks . When it comes down to gunplay , however , each and every one of the five is , perhaps disturbingly , quite adapt with a firearm to the point where it 's hard to tell if any one is more qualified than another.When all five characters are available , you can choose to play as one while a second computer-controlled companion joins you - switching back and forth between them is a snap . Unfortunately the rest of the game 's interface is a chore . Switching between weapons in times of desperate need is maddening , as is using that first aid kit before you take a final , killer blow . Compensating for this , however , is a game that 's fairly merciful in terms of its difficulty on the normal settings.The game 's environments are quite well done , if not very subtle . You 've never seen a high school like this one - it looks more like an insane asylum that 's been shut down for years than a place of study . Each room and location still has a functionality to it , though . None of them feel like they were designed by guys making a video game so much as guys trying to create a fairly convincing high school setting that just happens to serve as the backdrop for a video game , complete with horrific overtones . All in all , the ambience is perhaps the game 's strongest quality.The monsters in `` Obscure '' are the usual sort , for the most part , but a few of them do stand out -LRB- particularly the nasties that appear later on , very H.P. Lovecraft in appearance -RRB- . In any case killing them is more interesting than it might have been thanks to some satisfying weapons and , more importantly , the use of real or artificial light . Light actually harms these creatures , so taping a high-powered torch to your pump action shotgun is a good way to even the odds . Each monster comes complete with its own shadowy field , however , and only the strongest beams can break through it , making said creatures particularly vulnerable to physical attacks for a short period of time . This element gives combat a little extra something.The puzzles in `` Obscure '' are boilerplate for the genre - nothing really special or mind-bending is on display here . On top of this , the game is a fairly brief affair , so gamers looking for more to sink their teeth into may want to look elsewhere . However , one of the best features of `` Obscure '' is its budget price . Though it would have been a decent game at normal cost , the added bonus of paying less here equals getting more , and must be factored in to any review . In other words , `` Obscure '' does n't break the mold , but it does what it does pretty well , complete with some impressive production values - and at this price , it 's hard to go wrong if you 've even a passing interest in the material . -LRB- Note
 Yeah , it 's got a crappy story and acting , but it 's got alright controls , nice action , and cooperative play that IS N'T ONLINE ! That 's right , not everyone has high speed internet . If you know someone who can stand your presence enough to sit beside you and play a horror game , then get this game .
 This game is great in everyway for a game that got it done with a low budget the game is more like resident evil not `` Silent Hill '' the game goes places resident evil hasnt even tried yetthe + ` sFirst off its really two players/the second player can just start with you whenever -- also the game gives you much better/quicker character switch then Resident evil Zeroyou can reload in game without pressing startyou can shoot while you walking/running etc.the game is good for its price and its a game capcom needs to take notes from ... but if your going to buy any game research it check review and ... you know
 A friend and I have been on a pretty big horror kick lately , movies and what not . We decided to pick this up and play it on the original xbox , sadly it is n't backwards compatible for the 360 . The game starts out with a friend of the main characters being taken hostage by some kind of mad scientist in the basement of the high school . The high school is then over taken by these odd looking plant like monsters . The story unfolds through notes and photos found in the school , and cut scenes on occasion.The game play is fairly simple but can be difficult , and you need to find CDs within the game to save your game , and ammo is a bit scarce at times . But overall we had a lot of fun with this , the game lasted about eight hours but the time flew by . We really had to use co-op strategy to run and gun against the bad guys and swap items among each other and what not.I would recommend this to survival horror game fans who do n't mind their games being tongue in cheek in the vein of Buffy the vampire slayer . And would also definitely recommend taking this game apart in a co-op setting . It 's definitely more fun that way.Graphics
 I like Obscure , because it feels like a Silent Hill game that 's easier to work with . But , like Silent Hill , you will find yourself lost and confused when trying to get to another location , finding specific items , and the controls are kinda clunky like Silent Hill . Still , it is a very creepy game with some decent fun in it . The graphics look nice , it feels like a teen horror movie , the weapons are cool , the destruction of different items is pretty good , and it feels more interactive than Silent Hill . It has a decent music score as well . If you love Silent Hill , you 'll like this game . If Silent Hill is too hard for you , then you wo n't like this game very much .
 This would be an easy 5 + rating had it worked with more games . I rented the CART gam which would have been great had it worked . with GT 3 it is Awesome enough that I bought a second wheel for head to head ont the 65 ' sony big screen . my 13 year old and I with 2 tv trays can spend the afternoon there .
 This wheel works so good . its feedback is amazing and the shifting is awesome . The price completely meets the quality . i strongly suggest you buy this wheel for Gran Turismo 3 . It leaves other wheels like the V3 in the dirt .
 This is probably the best wheel for ps2 's GT3 , but the price bites , and unless you are some super hardcore racer , I do n't think you will play it for too long before you get sick of it . Especially if you already beat GT3 game using a controller .
 ... get a cheap folding , wooden T.V. tray -LRB- ... -RRB- . Then anchor the Force Feedback Wheel to the tray , placing it in front of your favorite chair -LRB- approximately five feet from your T.V. screen -RRB- . And there you have it , the stability and the right height for your Force Feedback Wheel .
 Force feedback is amazing ! play gran turismo with this on a big screen and you are talking arcade quality ! Best thing is you can easily mount it to a table , tv tray or whatever . Make your own cockpit . Highly recommended with big screen projection and surround . Wow ! cords are a bit messy though - very cool ...
 This is a very good high quality wheel . The sensativity is unbalevable . This wheel has great control . Besides the price of this wheel it is perfect . Great looks and great preformance are what makes this wheel so good . Also the wheel has speaker . It is a must have for all gamers that own a racing game . Especialy Gran Tourismo 3 A-Spec . You must buy it . Forget the cost an buy it !
 this wheel has good resistance , paddle shifters , and brake / gas pedals . For it 's day , it was the best one for PS2 games . There were more high end models , but this was the best for the price .
 This is a very very very good steering wheel . but the psx2 game called '' Burnout 2 '' -LRB- a super fun game -RRB- is really just to much for it to handel . needs to be a little better put together in order to play this game . but that is the only bad thing i ever found with it . cause mine broke after a few weeks of playing the gameLarry
 Often times , switching to a driving wheel from a regular controller can seem strange . You connect a wheel controller to your computer or console , and you expect it to FEEL exactly like driving . Let 's face it , that 's a tall order . But the Logitech Force Feedback wheel is REALLY good . I just purchased Gran Turismo 3 for Playstation 2 , and this wheel works great with it . Compared to other wheels , this one does n't oversteer and you get to use the whole range of motion , rather that just being able to use a small arc of the steering wheel 's movement . The feedback feels accurate , when the car slides you feel a loss of traction - when it bites , you feel it . I 'm going back to racing now ...
 THIS GAME IS SO FUN YOU CAN SELECT YOUR OWN PLAYERS CUSTOMIZE YOU CHARECTERS . AND PLAY BALL ME AND MY SON LARRY HAVE LOTS OF FUN WITH THE PLAYSTATION2 .
 I could n't find the PlayStation wheel anywhere so I picked up the red WingMan Force Feedback wheel for the PC at EBX and it works perfectly . This may give some hope to those GT fans who want the wheel but can not find one -LRB- it appears that Logitech is no longer making the blue wheel for PlayStation -RRB- Trust me , it works ! I bolt mine to the dinette table and put the pedals on the floor and camp out right in front of the TV . It beats the arcade by a long shot.The wheel itself is amazing . The rolling resistance , scuffing around corners , and the transition between road surfaces -LRB- from asphalt to gravel -RRB- are incredibly articulated . I found my game performance dramatically improved after ditching the DualShock for the wheel . It is a worthy successor to my favorite driving controller for the PS1 , the NeGeCon -LRB- anybody have one of those ? -RRB- If you are a driving fan , grab the Logitech Wingman for the PC . It works great . Also , it works perfectly on the PC , unlike the PlayStation wheel , which for some reason does n't deliver force feedback when on the PC .
 I had a Mad Catz Wheel with my PS1 and only a child would have thought it was like driving a real car . BUT with PS2 it 's a whole differnt story . Just plug in the electrical cord for the Logitech Force Feedback Wheel -LRB- YES , it 's electrified -RRB- connect it to your PS2 and get ready for the closest thing to a real car without leaving your couch . This wheel does n't just SHAKE it actually RESPONDS to the imaginary road and many a time you will have to fight the wheel and the laws of inertia to maintain control of your car , especially at high speeds -LRB- talk about realistic -RRB- . On Rallye courses you can feel the gravel beneath the tyres and the slight jolt of a wheel bounce . Super Speedways have a tendency to pull your car to the outside -LRB- due to your high speed -RRB- and you 'll be fightin ' the wheel alot . With F1 2000 you can calibrate the Wheel for precise handling of the G.P. Circuits -LRB- you 'll feel like Michael Schumacher winding your way around the course -RRB- . I liked this wheel so much I bought a 2nd one !
 Ever feel the `` need for speed '' but wanted to stay safe within the boundries of the speed limit ? ... . Logitech introducesthe Force Feedback Wheel to up the dream a bit , and yes , it is as close to racing as you 'll get without turning the ignition . This wheel gives gamers the chance to feel the road as if the wheel is part of an actial car driving on the streets of ... lets say . . Rome ? ... then again , Maybe streetracing is n't your thing and preffer the rough and complicated terrain of rally racing in the Tahiti Maze ? ... either way , thius wheel will satisfy even the most passive of gamers ... both car fans and not . The pedals are preasure sensitive , as well as the wheel itself . There are a few set-backs ... the buttons do get in the way sometimes and the paddel shifters are annoying to work with unless you 've driven a Ferrari 360 Spider equiped with paddel shifetrs . -LRB- Paddel shifters rest behind the wheel on both sides . The right paddel is for up-shift and the left for down-shift -RRB- It would have been in the best interest to have included a stick shifter or better yet an actual clutch . Either than that . this wheel is the best out there . Its was designed for the GT Serries so it 's compatibility with other games are dependent on the game compatibility with the wheel . If you can afford to spend for this wheel , then go for it . If your worried about worth , then compare this to spending housrs in the arcade . ... there is no substitute for this wheel
 Bought this wheel after using a Logitech wheel for the PC and loved it , ... Feed back is a little inconsistant while taking large corners but you have to remember , this is a game not real life . Wheel response is more than acceptable for making your PS2 driving games more realistic ... Logitech pedal base could be bigger with better grip for whatever floor it is on . Based from my personal experience , if you are stuck ... buy the Logitech and let the wanna-be 's have the Madcatz . The logitech is well worth the extra -LSB- money -RSB- . < P. . .
 I bought this wheel a little while ago and di n't really play with it much . But this week I got it out and was stunned !! The handling is good and the wheel notices all the little movments you make !! Its not at tall lose so as soon as you move it you see it on screen ! There is no wait between turning the wheel and moving the wheels on screen the pedals have a nice feel to them aswell ! I would recomend this product !
 The force feedback on this weheel is phenomoenal , althought it takes some adjustment to get used to the forced `` sway '' the car goes into at high speed straightaways!I unpacked it , hooked it up and was using it in -LRB- no lie -RRB- ten minutes , and I even made a mistake -LRB- make sure you hook it into the top USB port -RRB- . these devices are tricky and are rarely usable across all game platforms , I do n't care what they say . But Logitech has set a standard that I would hope other game manufacturers will follow . Just on GT3 it will take me weeks to adjust my cars , adjust my play and improve my score.What fun !
 Hey I just wanted to make a note ... I noticed when playing GT3 that if you had the driving Aids turned on the wheel would kind of drive itself a bit and that caused the who feel of the game to be a bit funky ... But when turned off the wheel behaves and feels great !
 We bought one each of this wheel and the less -LSB- costly -RSB- brand , in order to compare quality . This wheel was far superior and we soon returned the other one for another Logitech . Better control with the Logitech was the biggest difference . To solve the `` wheel between the knees and sliding pedals '' awkwardness , my husband constructed a `` racing station '' to support both .
 Like the title says , I ca n't believe I played any of the GT racing simulators without a wheel and pedal set-up . It allows you to have a much larger window of control over the car just as you could expect . I can now race 500 + hp cars with sports tires and no driving aids.The wheel is not hard to adapt to in the game , I struggled a bit with getting it set up comfortably which is really not the fault of Logitech . They seem to have designed this more for a computer desk/chair and It is really difficult to make a couch or chair at home with the PS2 feel ergonomically comparable to a car seat . The wheel you can either hold in your lap with an attachment or you can clamp it to a table . I have tried both and currently run the table clamp set-up . The tough part is the ergonomics of finding a table/chair combo that puts the wheel in a comfortable position . I believe this is why more serious players build their own seat and or use a computer desk.The pedals pivot from the bottom instead of hang and swing style that is in your car . This felt awkward to me at first , especially if you are wearing shoes because they tend to grip the actual pedals more and can cause them to slide away from you especially when things get wild on the track . I usually remove my shoes and play in socks , they will glide over the pedals smoothly and give you a better feel . The throttle and brake feel ok , it would be great to have the brake pedal give feedback the more pressure you apply similar to a real vehicle . I suspect that Logitech had to keep the force required to operate the pedals low to prevent them from sliding away.I have no complaints about the wheel itself , I think the feedback is fine and the paddle shifters are great . I have never tried another wheel so I really ca n't compare but I would purchase this same set-up again if that tells you anything.So to wrap up , if you own any of the Gran Turismo games I highly recommend a wheel and pedal set-up . You can modify this one to make it fit your home and that is probably best . The pedal sliding away problem is really operator issues , once I smoothed out my driving I not only reduced lap times , but the pedals stayed put . I assume holding the wheel with the lap attachment will have the same result .
 I 'll begin by saying this is a mystery . I played the xbox version of the game and it is basically a click and play style game with a few puzzles thrown in the mix . For most people I 'd heard it was boring because of this fact . However , the story alone kept me involved with what was basically a movie with game appeal . Still Life is the story of Victoria -LRB- an FBI agent -RRB- who is in the middle of serial case . You are taken back to her relative an ex-detective in the 1920 's -LRB- you also play/see his back story -RRB- that also is investigating similar murders . I do n't want to give away more story than that . It 's mostly you doing the investigating finding things , asking questions -LRB- via the point and click method I mentioned -RRB- so most of the game is on the simple side to play with those puzzles thrown in that can be a real pain unless you are great at them.All that aside the graphics , music , storyline , and acting are wonderfully done . This game was better than most multi-million dollar hollywood blockbuster out today . With a cliff hanger ending that I hated only because I want more !!! I loved this game . The fact of the gameplay easily evaporated in my mind as I sat eagerly awaiting each turn in the story.It does have a rating of M and should because this is a very graphic game.I highly recommend this game with the warning that the majority of the gameplay is easy . But I did break down with the puzzles and search out walk throughs online to get past points that I was stuck on and made it through the game now twice.The music they chose is also haunting and adds to the elements of the story . I have been longing for a detective story like this and was happy to have found Still Life . So with the warnings I have given you go in with your eyes open and give it a try and enjoy . I know I did .
 You get what you pay for . Its true for almost everything in this world . You buy a $ 10 new game , chances are there is a reason its $ 10 and not $ 50 . So , when you look at a `` budget title '' like many from the Adventure Company , you need to understand that things are n't going to be at the same grand scale of say Halo 2 or Final Fantasy.Before I get onto my review , a reader mentioned the game ends in a cliff hanger . Its true . There is a third game that was planned to finish off this series -LRB- the game started with Post Mortem -RRB- but now that the studio responsible for this game was bought by Ubisoft , who knows if it will come to be . Here 's hoping it will!Games like Still Life do n't have many fans on the consoles . Adventure games -LRB- Still Life , Post Mortem , The Longest Journey , Sierra et al -RRB- thrive on the PC market but you rarely see these games cross over onto the Console . Myst and Monkey Island are two of the better known ones , but you 'd be hard pressed to find many more above and beyond them . I think this is probably why there are some bad reviews here ; most console players do n't know exactly what they are getting themselves into.I happen to like most adventure games that are logical . I could n't get into Monkey island because I never did figure out why I was connecting the old sock , the string cheese and the hook to make a contraption to escape my situation . True , Still Life has its own share of silly riddles and puzzles -LRB- why Vodka would be the code for the morgue is beyond me -RRB- but its not to the degree others have been.Games that are like Still Life get my mind going . A mix of Seven , CSI and adventure game , Still Life is a sequel of sorts to Post Mortem . You play as Vic MacPherson , a field agent , who is investigating a series of murdered young women . The crime eventually starts to draw parallels with an earlier string of murders commited 75 years ago . Is it a copy cat ? Or is something more malicious going on?The best thing about adventure games , for me , is that they usually are very story focused . The stories are usually very good and well thought out . Still Life is no different . It 's a dark story that earns the M rating in the first few scenes . Bad languange , partial nudity , violence and gore abound , but hover around the range of , say , Seven.Going back to my budget comment , the FMVs are n't of the best quality . In fact , some of them look worse than those on the first Playstation . But the graphics in game are stunning , really . Beautiful pre-rended backgrounds lend an air of creepiness and fit the theme . The first building , dilapidated and severely gross is a good indication of the rest of the game . The character models are lacking , though . Particularly when Vic runs . She walks okay , even though she walks like a super model , but running is both slow and clunky . There are also a ton of quick loads . The camera is presented in a cinematic way -LRB- ala Resident Evil -RRB- and sometimes moving between camera frame to camera frame there is a quick 1 second or so load . Annoying because it breaks the pacing but not detrimental.The dialogue is hit or miss . Sometimes Vic 's voice is spot on and other times its silly and sounds like a high schooler with no acting experience reading the lines . Other voices range from great to bad . I like that the game gives you an option of sticking just to the facts when talking or asking about every day things . By pressing the R or L trigger , you can discuss facts pertinent to the investigation or about the weather . I do kind of wish there were dialogue trees . It takes out the investigative nature of the game if you simply choose to pull L to continue the story.Surprisingly , for a budget game , the game is presented in 720p which is awesome considering not many Xbox games are presented in it . It also has 5.1 surround sound in game and is Live Aware . Not bad for a 20 buck game!All of these complaints aside , you get what you pay for . In this case , you get more . For every bad quibble I have with the game , there 's something good . And , it really boils down to the game cost me $ 19.99 new . You ca n't hold it to the same standard of a game that costs almost 3 times as much . If you like murder mysteries and do n't mind the format of an adventure game , you ca n't go wrong with Still Life . If you like adventure games and only own an Xbox , you will enjoy Still Life .
 Sadly , unlike titles such as The Longest Journey , Dreamfall
 I love this game . Great story and fantastic graphics . On the gory side also . If anybody that has played this game knows how to pick the lock on Mark 's studio I 'd love some help , I 'm stuck ! Thank you .
 This game is so entierly awsome that there is no words to describe it.the gameplay is cool , sounds , bsicaly consist of the normall pakage , music is creative and fun to listen to , and what really makes this the best game ever is the campaign , it will leave you wanting more and more and more . the difficulty level is just right and it gives you time to learn . basicaly this game will keep you busy for days on end and you can also have fun creating your own maps and massive battles . the only thing i advise and warn is that once the wolves army is about to seige your castle the game will abruptly end , but all you have to do is get an update of the web . so , easy simple good fun awaits you buy it now and prepare to be amazed .
 Saved me a lot of money when I went to Vegas . Casino 2004 taught me that I knew very little about playing poker . I did not try playing poker at Vegas .
 all 5 of my grand kids love this game it is very entertaining and they played for hours . Great seller and great price . I would recommend
 The battle sequence iss quite uniqe . I have never seen anything like it before . It is really fun , but the only thing that I personally dont like about it is that you have to start all over with experience everytime you start a new part in your adventure .
 There are 4 puzzle levels
 This one is the best of what I 've tried . It allows you space to put in trials before actually entering the answer . Best of all it does n't clutter up the program with a lot of extraneous graphics that slow down the program and shrink the playing area . However , it does have nice graphics and a choice of backgrounds so it is a pleasant environment .
 In the review given here by Professor he says that CLASSIC SUDOKU does not allow you to `` pencil-in '' possibilities manually , that the program does that for you . This is not so . You have to add your own possible numbers . The game does not have the automatic `` fill-in '' feature he mentions . Professor must have been reviewing another Sudoku product and by mistake included it here.In another game , `` TRAVEL GAMES FOR DUMMIES '' for the NINTENDO DS , the Sudokus included there do have the option for automatic pencil-in of candidate numbers . It comes handy for the `` Hard '' and `` Very Hard '' puzzles . Using it saves a lot of time and allows you to go right into working with the candidate numbers to find the solution.This CLASSIC SUDOKU software is very good , I am happy with my purchase . However , it could 've been better if it had included an automatic pencil-in option of candidates for the harder puzzles .
 If this is the same copy as what I have on my on PC I would highly recommend it . The display is very nice and the different levels of play quite accurate . The various features tie in nicely and if you feel like getting into a competition mode , the game `` codes '' work fine .
 Forget the thin protector films ... . they work , but they are a pain . They get air bubbles if there is even a remote molecule of dust or lint around . They are a pain to put on . Some of them even cause glare if you do n't buy the right one . This protector solves all of those problems ! No glare . Its easy to put on , and bubbles are a thing of the past . Just clean your screen off and snap this cool little thing right on . It takes seconds ! It does n't get in the way of any buttons or slots . Its design was well thought out . Once again , logitech products prove that they are the best!In response to the other review ... . yes , it does make your PSP just a SLIGHT bit thicker . You might ... I repeat MIGHT ... have a problem with whatever case you are using . However , I will state that my husband and I have numerous cases for our PSPs -LRB- 2 -RRB- , and so far we have had no problem . We have pelican and intec cases . The only thing you might have an issue with is the original Sony slip case that comes with the PSP . But I would n't suggest using that as your PSP case anyway.Buy it ! You wo n't regret it !
 This is great , just snap it on and voila , instant protection . Dust a problem ? No prob ! just flip it up a lil bit and blow . Unlike other protectors that stick to the PSP , you do n't get a ring of dirt around the edges from adhesives , you do n't get annoyed over specs of dust stuck to the adhesives . I have a HORI screen filter/protector on my PSP , I just left it under -LRB- I managed to get it on well enough to not be annoyed of dust/crookedness/air bubbles . -RRB- My only complaint is that I had hoped this would work in Logitech 's Playgear Pocket -LRB- a case for the PSP , I highly recommend it -RRB- . It did n't fit .
 This item is the single best buy I 've made for my PSP . I had a series of problems with my adhesive screen protector -LRB- including things like no matter how hard I cleaned it , skin oil still got stuck underneath and left a rainbow type effect on the screen that got annoying -RRB- . With this one , you click it on , and things like skin oil does n't affect the visual clarity-and it 's easy to clean!Buy it !
 I bought this for my PSP slim and lite -LRB- PSP-2000 -RRB- , and while it works , this product was intended for the fullsize PSP . If you accidentally nudge one of the bottom catches while playing a game , it can send the protector flying -LRB- literally -RRB- . While humorous , this does not help to protect the screen as the flying screen protector could boomerang back and hit the handheld.However , after getting used to have the screen protector on the slim and lite , I no longer `` eject '' the protector . Also , there is still a small gap between the protector and the handheld case , potentially allowing dust to get between the screen and protector . Overall , for X dollars , it does the job .
 The cheap overlays do n't work as well as this . It easily snaps into place and protects your PSP 's screen . Do n't bother with the overlays , this is the best protection to get . The only con is that it is a little thick compared to the the overlays , so the PSP might fit a little tighter in your carrying case .
 This is n't a review as much as a warning to all who are interested in the PSP Visor along with the PSP PlayGear Pocket -LRB- Amazon states `` better together '' the PlayGear Pocket -RRB- for the ultimate protection for their PSP . Please , pick either one only . This does not fit with the PlayGear Pocket , contrary to what Amazon says.The Visor is actually quite good ... but between the PlayGear Pocket and the Visor , I 'll go with the Pocket , but both are made of quality .
 OK , so I got this visor with the Logitech Playgear case.You can not put the PSP with the visor inside this case - not very good thinking on Logitechs part really , because the visor is a very nice product as is the case.Well - grab yourself a pencil and mark the rubber lining around where the visor would need to have extra room.Remove the rubber lining.Then get yourself an exacto knife or razor and carefully cut the back wall of rubber -LRB- nearest the hinge -RRB- about an inch in from each side -LRB- or where your pencil marks are -RRB- all the way down to just above the bottom layer of rubber that runs across the backing -LRB- the one with the circle hole in it -RRB- . Repeat this for the top rubber lining as well.Now you can safely insert the PSP with the visor into the case.Enjoy people !!
 Great protector for the psp . Do n't waste your money on the plastic sheets visors , get this one , it is the best
 What else can you expect from Logitech , other than a 5 star product . Forget screen protectors with their `` air bubbles '' , dust around the edges , etc. . This is what you want.The item is a PERFECT FIT , and it works great . I already have a couple of scratches and dings on it , and all it means , that IT WORKS . Those dings and scratches would have been on my screen ! It is very easy to wipe finger prints away from it.You can put it on , and forget about it . You do not need to remove it to change out your memory stick , UMD , battery , put in a charger or headphones . The design and the quality is great!Highly recommend.Thanks for reading my review , I hope it was helpful .
 I am very happy with this and the people I bought it from . Very fast service and this is exactly what I wanted . Still looking for some screws to hold it on the PSP a little better . Do n't get me wrong it wo n't move I just want to make sure it does n't move .
 this is the most easy to use ... no hassle of bubbles ... or screen guard coming off . . also it has space for the UMD to come out.If any dust falls its easy to clean off or even wash in water.i ve used other screen guards but mostly with others i had bubbles or some part torn of . but this doesnt have a problem since its hard plastic.totally satisfied .
 Does a pretty decent job of staying in place and providing a nice cover for the screen without making it cumbersome to use the controls . Not bad at all for a cheaper , easier way to protect only your PSP screen .
 WE purchased the PSP playgear visor for one of our family member.I found this product to be worth getting for your PSP . It is easy to put on , it is even better than the one that you stick on the screen.I would recommemd this product to everyone that has a PSP . It is easy to clean . Go out and purchase the PSP playgear visor for your PSP.Sincerely , Satisfied !
 I bought this PSP screen protector as an alternative to the stick-on style I had before I swapped my faceplate . With stick-on protectors , you 're always going to get lint and dust stuck to it before you even put it on the screen , no matter how hard you try . This product solves that problem and more
 I got this protector to save my PSP 's screen -LRB- which already has a few scratches on it -RRB- , and it works perfectly . It covers the entire screen , stays on pretty securely . The one gripe I have it is that dirt and stuff sometimes gets under and between the protector and the PSP . It 's easily to clean off , but it 's a little bit a nuisance . All in all , I highly recommend this .
 Yuppers the cut away the rubber works great , however i took my mod a step further . i use my PSP as a MP3 player in my car . and nothing is more annoying than trying to find a song with the pocket case closed . i mean the shoulder buttons are great for navigation , but you ca n't see the screen ! well the visor makes a great template to cut a view port . sharpie + exacto knife + steady hand = happy
 I bought this to protect my new expensive little toy . Its well worth it . ITs a clear polycarbonate face plate type thing that goes over the screen of the PSP . Works great ... keeps the dirt and scratches away from the screen . Better yet ... it doesnt scuff ... so you can take it off to clean and put it back on . GREAT PRODUCT . WORTH THE MULA !!
 Length :
 I use these headphones on the TV , computer , and xbox , and with adapters even xbox live . Much needed accessory for late nite gaming .
 I purchased this headphone a couple of weeks back and am happy to say that i am satisfied with its performance . The only complaint i have is that the volume could have been better coz i think the max volume is slightly on the lower side -LRB- this can however be made good by using software audio amplifiers -RRB- . Other than that , the sound quality and the mic are both good for the price . Overall , a good purchase .
 I bought these from Amazon and after two years of daily use , they 're still going strong . They sound great , you wo n't mistake them for a pair of high dollar Sennheisers , but for gaming and listening to mp3 's they do very well with no noticeable distortion . The mic works well too . I 've used these for Centra and Adobe Com meetings and heard no complaints . At less than twenty bucks including shipping , they 'll be no buyers remorse with these .
 I have a brother who is a toddler . He plays this game all the time and loves it . He is a total Pooh fan so this fits him !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! His favorite character is Tigger . He loves the way Tigger is . `` I like Tigger !! '' he says.Buy this game !! It 's fantastic !!
 This software did n't impress me at first , but my 13 month old son has come to enjoy it and request it . At the beginning , the Pooh characters wave to us , and now my son will come over to the computer and wave at it as if to ask me to start this software . When I start it up , he gets excited and starts banging on the keyboard . The software is based on the idea of `` pressing any key '' , and then things happen on the screen . The graphics are a little lame , but the voices are quite good . It is a little funny at times , and the five different activities give it replay-ability . This software is a nice change of pace from videos , and I would buy it again .
 My 15 month old loves this software ! She particularly loves helping Pooh find his honey and playing peek a boo with Tigger . As far as the Start , Control , and Alt keys are concerned -LRB- in reference to ... ... -RRB- , I have had no troubles . Although it is a bit slow on the reaction time for a couple of the modules , you would n't expect Winnie the Pooh to be bouncing all over the screen either . The musical pots and pans with Roo has an instant reaction time . As far as keeping your baby attentive , keep in mind that babies still have short attention spans , and most wo n't sit still for an hour -LRB- mine never sits still -RRB- . However she has sit still for 20 minutes in my lap to play this game ! Overall , this is an excellent program , and I will be purchasing the toddler version in a few months .
 I too must come to the defense of this product . My daughter , now 18 months , has loved this since 9 months . We have Reader Rabbit and Jumpstart , which she enjoys , but is clearly more entertained by Winnie the Pooh and Friends . Granted , she may not think this is much different than a video , but she is learning to hit the keys , and understand there 's a relationship with them and the action on the screen . The quality is great - the best I 've seen for baby and toddler software .
 I must come to the defense of the the program based on the other reviews . My son loves it . He has been observed to be at least 6 months ahead of average on verbal and learning skills and is not bored by the program.The slow response to pressing a key can only be caused by a slow computer . Ours is nearly 5 years old and responds wonderfully . As to using it with a 3 year old , it is rated 9-24 months , not 36 . Comments by other reviewers suggest that THEY were not impressed , remember it is for the kid not the adult . As to pushing all the keys , be ready to teach your child from the first play to touch a single key rather than bang on it at will . My son learned this on the first day.Give it a try .
 My family love the PSP2 for those of us who are budget concious and love the kids to do others things besides play games , this is awesome , better than the other gaming consoles , I love the fact in comes in silver instead of just black . Thanks !
 I gave it as a fathers day present , and he loves it . It is nice and compact , and does n't take up a lot of space.I am very glad I found it for such a good price on Amazon .
 Got this game for my children to let them have fun with Eyetoy Play , Play 2 and Groove . Do n't regret it . A great way to let my kids have fun and exercise and I can get in the fun , too ! Super Save shipping was great ! Got this in 3 days !
 What can I say ? It 's a PS2 , it 's silver , small and cheap . My old one had problems and the PS3 is too expensive , so I thought I 'd get one of these while you can still find them . It was shipped quickly and runs great . I could n't be happier .
 The sony ps2 is an amazing piece of hardware , much cheaper than the new PS3 and has lots of great games made specifically for it .
 I waited so that I could get it at a good price , and boy was it well worth it . definitely fun to play , love the response the feel , the way the box is . this is definitely a good system
 My daughter loves it and I love the color . Works out for the both of us .
 The pictures do n't do the size justice . This unit is tiny . Silver design goes great with other electronics . Highly recomended .
 Overall a gr8 item , the only disadvantage it does n't carry a fan like the bigger model to cool the unit if you want to leave it plugged in for days but to solve that issue you can always buy a little fan , apart from the fan issue i 'll strongly recommend this product , if you ca n't afford a PS3 or any of the NEW console available then this is the unit to have .
 I bought this console about 2 months ago and so far it works great . When i opened the box it was actually smaller & slimer than what i expected , which is a good thing . Apart from working great & been slim it also matches my silver t.v. & home theater.P.S . PEOPLE REVIEW THE PRODUCT NOT THE PROBLEM YOU HAD WITH THE SELLER .
 Compared to the original PS2 , this version is a work of art . I do n't think pictures really describe how great it looks and how small it is . It has already drawn many ` oohs ' and ` aaahs ' from my friends.One thing I did n't expect was the inclusion of an IR port . I had the old remote control for the PS2 that required you plug that big IR receiver into the memory card port . I figured the old remote would n't work on the new machine but it does ! And without any attachments at all.The only reason not to get this system is perhaps if you need to use the hard drive add-on , although I think only one or two games -LRB- EverQuest is the only one I know of -RRB- actually use it .
 I am a VERY old-school gamer and the last brand new home console system that I purchased was the Sega Dreamcast in 1999 . I lost interest in the gaming scene after the Dreamcast died out . Reason being I did n't care much for 3-D polygonal games . I was bred on 2-D sprite based graphics . My very first system was the 2600 my parents got me in the early 80 's . I 've had almost every system ever since -LRB- between early 80 's and 1999 , I 've had the Sega Master System , Turbo Graphix 16 , Commodore 64 , Super Nintendo , 3DO , Neo Geo , Sega Saturn , Sega Genesis , PS 1 , etc. . -RRB- . When the original PS 2 came out , I was skeptical . I knew that the eventual games being released at the time would not be of any interest to me . As it turned out , I was right . All the similar polygon-based games catering to the teenage male crowd was extremely boring to me.However , around the middle part of the new millenium , I began noticing a nice amount of retro arcade collections for the PS 2 . One example being the Capcom Classics collection . A large gathering of over 20 Arcade games for around 20 bucks . Remember , I came from a time when you paid 50 dollars for an inferior reproduction of 1 arcade game for a home console.I also caught wind of a new redesinged PS 2 that was n't all that larger than it 's own controller . When I actually saw it , I was pretty impressed with the compact shape and looks of the new system . I still held out though . Not enough compilations to warrant the purchase of a new system.But , several factors finally changed my mind . Additional compilations were being released , the one from Taito really caught my interest . There were even home console collections being released ; I am talking about ones with a wide selection of games for a nominal price . Sony also dropped the price of the system . And finally , the release of this Silver colored system . I was sold.I 've had this system for about 4 days . First of all , looks really pretty . Love the silver color . The size is very compact . Very nice for my space challenged apartment . Of course , the system works with all my old PS 1 games along with the PS 1 memory cards . Load time for my PS 1 games is a lot faster . The controller feels nice and durable.I 've been enjoying games such as Ghost & Goblins , Super-Off Road , and Gladiator for the last several days . I am glad that I decided to purchase this new PS 2 system . Compact size , affordable price , and overall hugh selection of games . Whether you are into retro gaming or not , it is hard to go wrong with this system.UPDATE - Just to clear up a potential confusion , despite what Amazon listed on their page for this PS 2 system , I did buy this from Amazon and the Sony Playstation 2 that arrived at my doorsteps is the North American NTSC format ; NOT the European PAL version . So yes , this system plays all U.S. PS 2 games . Otherwise its been just over a week since I 've had this system and I can not wait to order Capcom Classics vol 2 , Sega Genesis collection , and the Metal Slug Anthology . Keep the classics coming!UPDATE -LRB- 2 -RRB- - I 've had this system for about 2 years now and although the release of retro-collections are slowing down , I 've had a blast with every collection that was released . SNK seems to be the last company to pump out a compilation here and there ; I 'll enjoy it while it last.UPDATE -LRB- 3 -RRB- - 2 and a half years and I am still enjoying the system . Recently , I 've been introducing my girlfriend to my large retro-gaming collection on the PS 2 . She really enjoys the Namco stuff such as Dig Dug and Mappy . She also likes some of the Taito stuff . Good times!UPDATE -LRB- 4 -RRB- - Lately I 've been exploring the import shoot-em-ups market . Some of my favorites include Strikers 1945 1 +2 and Gunbird 1 +2 . Still rolling with the PS2 after 3 years.UPDATE -LRB- 5 -RRB- - 31/2 years with the PS2 . Have n't had much of a chance to play recently . But when I do have a moment , I still play Mappy with my girlfriend to see who can beat the high score .
 On the eve of PS3 's release , I purchased this stunning beauty . Tiny and powerful , I am amazed by the fast and free-flowing graphics . It takes up almost no room , was easy to set up , and the controler is comfortable in the hand . Buttons are intuitive , making for ease of use if you 're coming from a different console or pc games.Two thumbs way up from a hard core gamer .
 Hey , this is a snazzy silver color , which may match your interior more . Otherwise , this is still the great system that playstation two has always been . This may not be the latest technology , but the DVD/Gaming unit is still very much a excellent unit to own . First off , the price today is very affordable , the game selection is excellent -LRB- new and used -RRB- , and the controlers and such are very similar to PS I , so not much transition to start to play this . I prefer this unit over X-Box original , even though X box does have a slight edge on graphics . Very solid unit , and one to buy if you want to have great graphics without the price shock of the PS3 and X-box 360 .
 Our older model broke the day after christmas - we quickly purchased this one . I was surprised at how thin it was compared to the one we had . It looks great and appears to be holding up well .
 Now that PS3 is out , PS2 has become more affordable than ever . I have a PS1 , and this system allows me to play all of those games . It also works as a DVD player as well , so I can keep it in my gameroom as the sole DVD player as well . The system does run warm , but not much warmer than any of my other DVD players . And Many new PS2 games are still coming out , so this system is not dead yet . Sony has a winner in the PS2 , and if PS3 is half as good as PS2 , it will be the monster of gaming systems for a long time coming .
 I will keep it short and sweet . I bought an Xbox 360 Elite about a month ago . Aweesome graphics , tons of storage , online gaming . But it is sitting next to my TV collecting dust . I rarely use it . I bought a PS2 as a reccomendation from a friend . MAN ! this thing rocks ! First off , the thing is absolutely TINY . About the size of a large paper back book . 2nd , TONS of games ! I bought Capcom Classics for $ 30 , which came with about a dozen or so classic arcade games that I grew up with , most notibly for me SFII and all the assorted editions up to SFII Hyper Fighting . 3rd is the games are cheap , and the system is cheap ! $ 129 for a game system with tons of titles , many in the $ 10 to $ 20 range . I got GTA III , GTAVC , And GTASA for $ 30 . When they first came out , they easily would have cost me $ 180 plus tax.The PS2 takes me back to when games focused on being FUN ! Not worring about how many pixels were being pushed on the screen and how fast . The PS2 is the best system out there right now hands down . I was considering purchasing a PS3 , and I still might get one , but just for the Blu-Ray drive . I do n't think I would play any of the PS3 games , the PS2 games are cheaper and more entertaining than fancy graphics.The ONLY negative I have with the PS2 is the egronomics of the controller . The Xbox and 360 controllers are more comfortable at least for me . I do not like the analog sticks at the bottom , they are not stiff enough for me , and the travel is too far . I am currently looking for aftermarket controllers . The square , X , circle , and triangle can be confusing at first for those fo you used to the regular abxy .
 I have had this slim version for a while . They are great , black or silver versions are cool . Did you know that Pelikan makes a 7 '' screen to attach ? It takes 1 min . Ok now you can play and save all Playstation 1 & 2 games , watch DVD 's with component out and digital sound out with your Home Theather System , play music cd 's and you can use it in your car or on the go with this extra screen ... . It doesnt get much better then that in value . You will need a power cable for you car . Very smart design - Highly recommended .
 I basically bought the slim ps2 in order to be able to play guitar hero , and ended up falling in love with the system . I was originally an xbox fan all the way , but the small size of the ps2 -LRB- a little bigger than a game/dvd case -RRB- makes it easy to bring the system anywhere in a small bag or backpack . The silver color is a change from a world of mainly black consoles , and lots of people have commented on mine . In addition , the built in network adaptor is GREAT for free online play . I love bringing my ps2 to relatives or friends houses and simply plugging it into their router allows me and friends to have hours of gaming.Whether you like action , adventure , puzzle , shooters , mmorpg 's , sports , or even just watching movies -LRB- the slim ps2 makes a great dvd player with a remote -RRB- , the ps2 has something for everyone , and with a new color and tiny size , its hard to pass up this time around !
 This is the first Playstation 2 console I have bought . I bought it a week ago . The silver color and slim/mini design looks awesome - better than they look in the stock photos . It seems hard to find a second silver controller to match the set at this point though , no one in North America seems to have silver controllers in stock.Anyway , the console itself ran games from the PS1 and PS2 with the black CD surface , blue CD surface , and clear CD surface . I heard that older PS2 consoles have problems reading some surfaces . Mine had no trouble at all reading them all.I 'm very pleased with my purchase and recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas . He is 7 and is having a ball with it . I am very happy I went with this instead of many small gifts that would n't have made the hit list like his playstation has .
 This is the third Playstation my husband and I have purchased for our son.He started out with the original , graduated to the PS2 with more capabilities -LRB- also plays dvd 's -RRB- and now onto the silver smaller version -LRB- connects to internet for mutliplayer capabilty -RRB- . All three have been a delight to him and he has had countless hours of fun with all .
 It is a great value for the money . My four year old loves it . So far so good !!! I recommend it highly for the price .
 This game unit is SO small and lightweight , it will easily fit into any shelving unit and is so lightweight it can even be stacked ontop of a DVD player or other electronic . My finace loves it .
 PS2 silver is limited edition that release from Sony . Only 500,000 were produced for the US . I 'm surprise to see how slim this console is compare to my old ps2 . This slim console come with Ethernet port and IR receiver build in . But no expansion bay for Hard drive which is understandable because only 2 or 3 mmorpg games use it . -LRB- FFXI and a few other -RRB- I think if you want to play mmorpg , then go with the pc because it has higher resolution and better graphic . For this sliver limited edition I heard you ca n't play some games . IGN said Japaneses silver ps2 ca n't play Tekken 5 and 4 other ps2 games . I 'm not sure about US version because I did n't play the Tekken 5 on my system yet . Overall ... this is a great system and because of light weight and thinness it is good for traveling gamers or as a dvd player .
 This compared to the old ps2 is a wonder machine . Of course after a while it has the disc read error but on this ps2 version it fixs its self by doing nothing a all . There are really no other problems with it it show a huge improvement to past playstations . Finally all i want to say is this game is a great choice to buy compared to the older version .
 The PS2 was probably the most anticipated console of these last two console generations . It took me over ONE YEAR to find a regular PS2 Phat in the stores . It did n't have the best launch a console could have , but the overall lifespan and quality of games that came out as the console aged proves that it was indeed ahead of its time when released . The PStwo Slim is a work of art . It 's amazing how Sony is able to re-engineer their consoles to make them faster , smaller , and more efficient , and let 's not forget cheaper ! This version of the PS2 is a must have for hardcore gamers ... truly a collectible item .
 I have owned the black `` phatty '' system since 2001-ish and it has serviced well . Unfortunately it seemed to be going flaky here at the beginning of 2007 . Since I have a huge PS2 collection it was a nobrainer to replace the dying unit . The silver PS2 is a sight to behold . It has a very thin , lightweight design that looks VERY slick . The matching controller is just the perfect accessory for it too . But it wasnt just the nicer , lighter , and much smaller looking system ... It actually improved the look of some of my games . The improvements in the hardware over the years have made a bit of a difference , especially those that are playing on large television sets . The colors even seem to be more vibrant . Keep in mind , this is using the same set of Monster Cables etc that was in use with the old black PS2.My final verdict , is that if you plan on doing a few more years of Ps2 playing , it is WELL WORTH spending the extra dough to get one of these sleek systems . They are very portable too since its small and lightweight .
 This system brings back a lot of memories . Plus a virtually limitless library of PS1 and PS2 games . The next gen systems are too fragile and prone to overheating , dying etc. . Do yourself a favor , stick with PS2 , XBOX or Wii -LRB- I do n't consider Wii next gen -RRB- and leave the PS3 and 360 for when they get their act together .
 My 8 year old loves it , I was not sure on which console to get initially with all of the options out there . This was the perfect choice for a 8 year old based on the price , durablity , lightweight , & excellent games . I did n't expect it to be delivered on time , but it was ...
 I own a Wii , Playstation One , GameCube etc. ... On Fathers day I bought myself a PS2 -LRB- not going to wait for someone to remember fathers day anymore . . I 'll take care of myself ;--RRB- -RRB- There are sooo many great games for this system that it is just too good to pass up . We all know games make the system ... When I first got the Wii I played it all the time , but there has been just too many mediocre games made for it that I just play my playstation 2 . The playstation 2 has great games !! I am an RPG guy myself , so I can get lost in a good game ... PS2 has it ! The Wii is great to play one on one with the Kids , but for myself , I do n't want to sit in the family room to play my games ... I want to be in my office sitting up close . I think that is a big difference to get used to . . The Wii needs a lot of space ... so NIX close quarters . That limits you to playing in either a Living Room or Basememt , but I like to be in my home office , where the Wii remote would be a NoNo !!! PlayStation 2 goes anywhere ... I can hook it up to my computer screen via S connector , My portable TV or take it up to my bedroom and play . . its about the size of a book!I love the Wii ... but it is limited in Portability ... PS2 goes anywhere!And the games Win hands down so far -LRB- Maybe next year , Wii will get some addictive games out there . -RRB-
 We bought this console for my son , who is 26 years old . He seems more than pleased , and he 's EXTREMELY picky . We could n't believe how fast it came after we ordered it .
 Here in our home we all enjoy the time we spent with PS2.A wonderfull chance to try ours skills by playing a lot of good games.I recomend as a way to share good time to be at home and have a lot of fun .
 Hours of fun , great graphics , one of the best action games in my opinion . Good game for playing over and over again .
 Wow this is a lot smaller than my first playstion 2 and prettier , it took some getting use to , to load it from the top instead of the bottom but I love it . If you ever need to replace your playstation 2 I highly recommend you replace it with this thinner model you will save on space .
 Definatly this ps2 recieves 5 stars . The sound quality is great and there is n't that faint humming noise when I play it . The quality of the overall product is great and although it 's encased in what is usually a cheap silver coating , actually feels very durable . It has fallen off my entertainment center before while playing ; resulting in the disk skipping for 2 seconds but it stabilizes itself . The fact that it is so lightweight has drawn me to it and I can lift it and stash it in a backpack to travel ! Great Product !
 We are beginners at DDR and we bought the console specifically for DDR . The kids and I are really having fun and it is such great exercise .
 All the power and ability of the PlayStation 2 at its peak plus a sexy silver venier . In combining aesthetics and ability , this is the appex of the PS2 .
 This product is superior to the older version of PS2 that I bought in 2000 . I was a little suspect about the super saving `` free shipping '' , but it only took about a week for the product to be delivered . This was the first thing that I have ever bought on Amazon , and I am definitely impressed and satisfied . Good product .
 The PS2 is an awesome system . Most games that are put out can be played on the PS2 , and just about everyone enjoys it . I 've loved playing new and old PS1 games on it for awhile now . It has been a lot of fun . The only thing that sucks about the slim ones is that you ca n't get a 4 player multi-tap for it . That was a dissapointment since I had it still from my PS1 from years ago and wanted to still play the same games , well , in 4 player mode . Overall though , it is a decent system . Can kill a lot of time .
 This was the first PS2 I bought . It works perfectly , and it looks really cool too !
 I think that purchasing the silver is vanity . I have the silver tivo , receiver , dvd , and flat panel tv , so why order a black PS to mess it up ? This is a great system , for a great price . I wish that it came with a memory card , which had to be purchased separately -- this is my first PS2 , as I am a computer gamer . I am not completely sold on the graphics on HDTV , but it 's a compromise until PS3 price comes down . I hope to use this system when friends comeover , so that we can all play -- LOL after I buy another controller-in silver .
 bought a new system because my old one went out ... awesome price ... awesome system
 I got a brand new playstation 2 and this veirson is good its smaller but better the top you can pop up .
 It 's for the kids . So far it works fine . Still a time-wasting , PITA to have to hear , waste of money video game lashup , but we obviously over-indulge the rug rats .
 The originally shipped enhanced XBox 360 was delivered with a defective disc drive . while obviously a factory defect , not Amazon 's , this was annoying . However , I was extremely impressed with Amazon 's response and replacement practice and the the speed in which I received a replacement unit . They gave me an answer within minutes and shipped the new unit the next business day . The second unit was in perfect condition and met all my expectations .
 Hello , How you doing today ???
 I received my Sony PS2 some weeks ago -LRB- in Oct -RRB- - good fun ! Everything works as advertised . I think that had I not wanted it delivered to me during my vacation , I would have bought it in the town I live in as it appears that there are quite a number of bundled options where PS2s are packaged with starter video games . Although the games are n't the ` marquee ' titles , you 're likely getting a better value for your money .
 It 's pretty easy to get your money out of this system , the progressive scan functionality is an added plus . So far , it seems like a solid , compact , and sleek build . The reason why i did not give it 4 stars because it does heat up quite a bit after prolonged use , whether it be a game or DVD . I placed a heatsink over mine which helped noticeably .
 Got it for $ 130 . There are many great games that you can play with PS2 for less than $ 20 . This PS2 comes with only 1 controller so if you need to buy another one if you want to play with your friend . Until they take away all of the PS2 games , I wo n't buy PS3 . And when that happens , PS3 will also be about this price . A great way to get your mind out from work/school at the end of the day for a quick break . Worth the price .
 I was worried at fisrt because I read some reviews that stated this might not be the american verion , well it is . I went through a lot of worry until it got here . Let me ease your mind it works great and my son loves it . He likes it for one because of the color , none of his friends has one like this and it is small and takes up less room . I have had no problems with it .
 The PS2 is one of the most popular game systems in history . This version is the same as the slimmed down black version in every way except the color . It 's amazingly small and I just love how it looks ! The Silver is supposed to be a `` Limited Edition '' according to Sony . Exactly how many consoles were produced to make it `` limited '' I have no idea , but if you 're thinking about picking up the Silver , do n't wait too long !!!
 the ps2 slim . no mater the color black , white , silver , -LSB- i have the limited edition silver -RSB- the ps2 has proven its self whole heartedly if your a budgett gamer or waiting for the ps3 to drop down to a reasonable price the ps2 slim is the way to go . smaller , lighter and a few more features than the original ps2 ive had mine for 3-4 months now and i leave it on nearly 24/7 and it never complains haha . a firend of mine bought the orignial ps2 and it would freeze often in mid game but i dont have tha problem with my slim.but even thought it can read dvd movies dont expect it 2 play any than other than brand spankin new movies . it is a picky dvd player so i just use it as its main pupose a gaming system . i have a 5 disc dvd changer so i aint the least bit off-struck at its poor dvd feature.do i recomend this system ? hell yes ! if i were a billionaire i would buy every one a ps2 haha.plus there are -LSB- in my openion -RSB- the best games for any system -LSB- excluding next gen systems -RSB- . and on that note while your adding this to your shping cart pick up god of war and god of war 2 . you will be blown away at the capablites of the ps2.cons
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . He had one and it broke so I re-bought for him and he was stoked ! I did n't know that they were smaller now than they used to be . But they are and that is nice when it is kept in my living room .
 Quick and easy turn-around time from payment to shipment . Handled , shipped , handled and arrived in erfect condition ! Would buy from them again , anytime.Thanks !!
 I 'm not really a huge gamer , so I admit , things like up-to-the-second graphics do n't really concern me . All I want is an affordable system with a good game library . I 've had my PS2 for at least four years now , maybe more , and I 've never had a single problem with it . In this age of cheap parts , limited warranties , and nanosecond lifespans , 4 years is an eternity . Even if the games do n't look as good at their X Box counterparts , many of them still look beautiful . The controller is comfortable and never awkward . The machine hums when powered on , but never so loudly as to be distracting . Also , it doubles as a CD/DVD player without any annoying add-ons or remote controls ; this is important when living in a dorm , where you have to maximize space . Also , I 'm the sort of guy who very rarely spends more than twenty bucks on a video game , so even though new releases are almost certainly out of my price range , even the most popular ones tend to drop down to a third of their original price in the course of a year or less . Overall , PS2 is still a fun , affordable system that wo n't make you feel like you 're stuck in the Stone Age of video gaming . I 'm only sad that the release of the PS3 has mostly put a stop to games being produced for this console anymore .
 Hey people , i live in Venezuela and i never thought i 'd buy a PS2 because it 's too expensive here , in my country , so i ordered it from amazon , and oh my God , the best console ! Dont care about PS3 , or Xbox , buy this console . This has the best games and a lot of them ! I just played Kingdom Hearts a few minutes ago and i realized that this PS2 Silver Worthed all the money , and maybe more . Love Amazon , Love PS2 . I 'm Really Happy !
 Sleek , slim and looks great ! The smaller size is handy and the silver case is a refreshing new look .
 This mini PS2 is smaller than the original PS2 , I absolutely love it
 Its a great system , the older version would always give me problems . - . - . and it could n't read old disks , you know , the black or blue CDs , like the old final fantasy series . Graphics are the same of course , since its a system . I would suggest this to anyone , its conveniant for anyone with a small room , thats badly cluttered . The wires get annoying to continuously push in and out of the rear of the system to turn it off ... but otherwise go ahead , buy it . This review is by a 153/4 yr old . -- the three quarters is very important !!!
 I was so happy to see that they re-released the Silver Slim PS2 . It really fits well with our contemporary decor , and it 's easily hidden away .
 My kids -LRB- 14-16 -RRB- love it their friends who got ps3 say that ps2 is better than the new ps3
 Got this as a gift for a friend and she was so pleased with the color and sleakness of this PS2 . All of her components are silver tone , so this fit right in . Great Sony performance , of course . Got one of those old fat PS2 's around ? Replace it with this sweet update .
 this jawn was cheap and its lots of fun to play with .
 I 'm hooked . I 've always like PS2 ever since it first came out . Alot of games and not too `` family-like '' compare to the Wii that just came out . The silver look is one of a kind . Looks like PS2 to 2nd power . Alot of compliments about it too from my friends .
 I like the fact that it is slimmer than the previous version . Not to mention , it matches my platinum gamecube ! Awesome
 I got this after my old PS2 died . its even better then my old one with the internet ability and the nice silver color , it is a great adition to my intertanment .
 My five year old thinks this game is great . Hours of enjoyment and great graphics . Some parts of the program can be hard to catch on to as the arrow keys are needed and not the mouse . A must for all Toy Story lovers . Screen saver can be fun for kids to watch for hours too .
 I give this 4 stars because at times it is too hard for the suggested age group . Also , I had to reset my graphics accelerator according to Disney 's Customer Support page which no child should be doing . I needed the hints to start level 4 and found the cave to get the `` missing '' honey pots . I liked the game enough to keep trying to find out why it would n't play and was not disappointed with the end results . Sadly , I am an adult learning to play computer games .
 I find it difficult , but my kindergarten son really enjoys it .
 I highly recomend this game . My son is 5 months old and he loves Tigger and the graphics of this game . We do n't own the game but , my best friend does and I sat with my son in front of her computer and played the game with him . I have never seen him so excited about anything before except for food . So I do highly recomend this game .
 As far as the game itself , it is great , especially with the attention to detail in the parks . It 's wonderful to race in such familiar places ! It 's also great for children - no violence.It 's easy to race , yet has some challenging pieces as well . Certainly worth the price.My only complaints are that the vast majority of the characters are not at all familiar . Exiting the game is difficult , since it was obviously made for console players first , where you can simply remove the disk or restart -LRB- not so easy on PC -RRB- .
 This little game exceeded all of my expectations and then some . For any fan of Walt Disney World , this is paradise ! Each race track is base on an area of the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida , and the environments are simply outstanding . I found myself enjoying watching my wife play the game so I could watch the scenery without worrying about having to drive !!! You will smile and laugh throughout the entire game as familiar landmarks stream by you while you race various vehicles -LRB- you drive a Doom Buggy through the Haunted Mansion -RRB- . It is also worth mentioning that the soundtracks that accompany each race track are pulled from their respective attractions which can be really funny . This game will bring back memories of all of your trips to Disney . The gameplay is excellent as you will need to complete many different tasks to complete the game . I 've waited a long time for the release of this game , and it was worth it . Tremendous fun .
 Ever since i was young i always dreamed of going to Walt Disney World , but no that i live in florida i go there every chance i get!But the days i cant go i just play this game , its like being on the rides themselves!Not to easy for you to beat in a day , but not to hard for younger players!Its really a game for all ages!I LOVE Walt Disney World !
 Well , this game is awesome ! Its like being on the rides ! Disney World is the best ! I love it . I have the Magical Racing Tour for Gameboy Color and Playstation 1 . There are so many features . They look just like the rides ! This game is great . I definately recommend this game for everyone !
 This game is a must have for fans of the theme parks ! It is suprising how many park memories you can ` relive ' with this game.The game is a little easy and users are not given a difficulty choice , but other than that the attention to detail is great .
 FIRST I WANT TO SAY THAT I LOVE WALT DISNEY WORLD !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB- THIS GAME IS MAD HOT , ITS FUN AND ITZ LIKE GOIN THERE.THE RIDES ARE EVEN MORE FUN WHEN YOUR REALLY ON THEM.EVEYONE SHOULD GET THIS GAME!WALT DISNEY WORLD IS THE MOST FUN MAGICAL PLACE ON EARTH !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ok I am a 24/7 game freak.All I do is play video games.I just bought this game 4 days ago and I just beat it today.It is so easy , yet so much fun!I read some reviews of people saying o theres no first person view.Well have you actually played through the whole game?You unlock first person view after you beat A New Journey in Story Mode.I am only 13 but I have been gaming for as long as I can remember and this is one of the best games i have ever played.Your robos are fully customizable.My advice YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is very , very addictive !! The story is almost memorable RPG quality -LRB- although not as great as Skies of Arcadia ! -RRB- and the weapons and armor have so much , it gives u a lot of freedom to design ... although Story Mode 's battles get weird -LRB- like in the middle of the story some battles should be hard but are easy like againist the Police Cheif and some like Sergei in the beginning are a bit hard -RRB- but it is a great game go out and rent it first if you are still not sure , but if not get it !
 The book was in good shape when I received it and it arrived in a timely manner .
 This game is rated T for TEEN . NOT KIDS ! If it were for little kids , they cut off all them explosions . Anyway , this game is great . Yeah sure , the story kinda sucks and is unoriginal , but the controls , customization , and characters are great -LRB- including Marcia . Her legs are nice ! -RRB-
 I read some of these other reviews and they said that this game is hard to get into . I totally disagree because its pretty easy at the begining but then it gets harder throught the game and made me happy beacause the robots in the game are TOTALLY customisable . I recomend this game to people who loved super smash brothers and kirbys airride beacause there is so much you can unlock .
 It looks pretty good , a lot of customizable parts to choose from , but the only problem is it would probably look better if the camera was like in Armored Core , because in Custom Robo the controls are screwed because the stupid camera is at an angle and your too far away to see your Robo in most battles . What 's the point in customizing if you ca n't see the bot ? Anywho , it would probably be better if the Other Robots would react if you attacked.You shoot there health just goes down.Not alot of explosins , or any getting blown to the other side.This game could use a few touch ups , but other than that , it 's a great game.Good story , and weapons
 Hi . This game is the best game ever ! I 'm an absolute gaming freek and this is the best game I 've ever played ! The arcade mode is a blast when you blow the crap out of your enemies with your high tech weapons of mass destruction ! Story mode
 AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- ... -RRB- This game is so cool ! The title really suits the game . Suit up your robo for the best strategy .
 This game was awesome . One of the best games I 've ever played and is basically the best game this year . The graphics are great . I really enjoyed playing it and got addicted to it thats how good it was . The plot and the ability to customize your robot is excellant . You will enjoy it greatly .
 Ive played a lot of games and this is one of the best ever . pretty much you get to customize robats and go though an adventure / rpg world trying to stop evil people . this game is adicting and fun !
 Customizing stuff is , in general , a good thing for a video game . Whether it 's just choosing armor in a standard RPG , or creating a character from scratch like in some wrestling games , it allows the player to be creative . In this game , creativity is used to blow stuff up . You can pick one of 34 robot types , then arm it with THREE weapons -LRB- the pod launches out of a backpack type thing -RRB- . And shoes . Sure , there are n't that many types of shoes , but there are plenty of weapons . With tons of parts in each catagory -LRB- Body , guns , bombs , attack pods , and legs -LRB- shoes -RRB- -RRB- , anyone can make their own unique gundam-esque warrior . My robot is a Splendor armed with an afterburner gun , geo trap bombs , and wall pods . Shoes ? Ultimate type , if allowed . The AI makes it as fun in single player mode as it is in multiplayer . I would pay fifty dollars for this game . Well , no I would n't . I already have a copy.P.S.You may be interested in this game because of the cool preview you saw in Gamestop or wherever . This preview can be watched at any time if you buy this game , because it 's the intro !
 This is a really good game to get . The story line is boring at the begining but once you first hear about Rahu it gets much more interesting . There are two chapters in the story mode , the first one is a traditional story and the second one is a bunch of tourments to get the rest of the parts in the game . I wished the story was longer and it only took me 1 week to unlock all the parts and modes in the game . It also has a great multiplayer mode . It is a must own if you like to customize everything and like robots .
 This game is even better than I expected it to be . It was underrated by video game magazines , probably because it 's kind of `` old school '' . What I mean is that there are no voice actors , all the characters speak only in message boxes with pictures of their faces beside them showing various expressions ; just like in Grandia . I think that 's actually fun ! Grandia -LRB- the first one -RRB- would have been better with no voice actors because the voices were bad!In this game , you can customize your fighter from the body armor type to the sorts of weapons and legs , each giving you different abilities based on how you like to fight . I 'll admit that I really got addicted to that sort of customization ever since Final Fantasy Tactics.The story of this game impressed me too . All the characters are really fun , including the NPCs , and there 's some great manga/anime style humor all throughout the game . The only thing that would have made the game better is if it were a little longer and the story were not as linear ; but I could say the same thing about MOST RPGs!I highly recommend Custom Robo !
 Loved this game so much it has great graphics and is very addicting to play ! the sound effect were awesome i liked that you could choose from so many parts so u could make your own robo the storyline is a little hard to follow but trust me onece u get tis game u will be hooked!i 'm looking forward to a sequel
 Custom robo is a great game , and is well worth getting!The graphics are good , and the idea is good but there are flaws.Though there are 200 + parts and 3500 + combos of robots you have to go unlock the parts in the short and rather boring story mode . The story is simple , your a teen and you are going to become a custom robo commander in the will of your father . to advance you beat a bad guy , talk to the peoson who rewards you for beating the guy , get the part , and go to sleep , and wake up the next day to do the same thing over and over again . Once you do beat the story mode and get the parts , you get to the good part , the battles , use the bodies , guns , bombs , jetpack , leg boosters , to make a robot you like . Battle itself looks simple at first , but looks can be deceving . you must use the stadium offencively and defenceively , some weopans are stronger , others faster , knock enemie robots down , or evenfloat above them and strike when the enemie is still . The stadiums are good and move around at times , some of them go up and down , many have hazards , some even are as creative and a play room with a choo choo train.OVERALL-gameplay - story 5 rest 9.5-graphics - 6-9 out of 10-options - -LRB- 15 things to do -RRB- 10-sound - 8-customization - i mean come on ! 3500 + possible combos that like 20 out of 10 ! A kid can make a cute robot , an adult can make a hell fighter , be creative ! - fun - 10-plot - 6-8 its goodDONT LISTEN TO THOSE -LRB- ... -RRB- WHO SAY THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE ! THEY PROBABLY DONT EVEN HAVE A GAMECUBE ! This game is well worth playing , rent it , if you dont like it then dont get it ...
 This game is very fun and long but easy . But I say to buy it if you want to have a lot of fun
 This game is awesome , and I know that I 'm late on this review now that it 's in the middle of December , but I can guaratee you , this game IS THEE GAME !! What 's better than the robots killing and mangling eachother on N64 ? MORE ROBOTS ! Yeah sure , many older kids may not like the storyline , but all of the kickass fights make up for that and more !! Im a soon to be 14 year old who just ca n't get enough of this game!he graphics are awesome , the Customization is SUPERIOR ! and to top it all off , once you get good enough , YOU , the game freak , can play as THEE BOSS !!! RAHU III !!! You will have fun on a bun with this game ! I give this game Infinity of 10 !!! This is the perfect game for all ages ! This was a taste of what the game is ! Get this for Christmas ! For Hanaka ! Kwanza ! Your Birthday ! New Years ! For whatever reason , because the soon you have this game , THEE GAME of the year , no , LIFE , you will actually enjoy life !!!! Your Game Freak , Not You , Gamer Glacier , SomeoneP.s . Merry Christmas and have a Happy New Year !!!
 I rented this game first . I did not know what to think . It was good , but not good . The story mode is kind of cheesy and the battles keep going and going . But , it does give you the opportunity to learn the weapons and get some experience in the holloseums . I found the game later brand new for $ 14.99 at Wal-Mart . I quickly snagged copy and have been going at it ever since . Once you get through the story mode , it gets even better . You can dish it out with your friends in the multiplayer with up to 4 players at once in the holloseum . The arcade mode is old school . If you like the Armored Core Series , then get this . It is actually better in my opinion and easier . I ca n't wait to play Custom Robo Arena on the DS !
 Get this game it is worth the time , the plot thickens with every battle and the enemies get more challenging every day , the graphics is so good , the battles may be in small areas and you may look tiny but the detail in the parts is great and the multi-player system is annoying untill you get some new parts but the overall idea that you can build a robot that fights other robots with all these incredible parts is supurb over all the best game I haveGRAPHICS
 4 STARS.Well I do n't have much time to wright but this game is alright.You can customize your robot 's and upgrade them.I played the demo at Target.But one thing that messes me up are the controls.It 's hard to manouiver your characters.But graphic 's and fighting are excellent.The camera angle 's get annoying sometimes.The battle 's are viewed from a bird 's eye view which is actually preatty annoying.Your enemy dose n't seem to have much A.I because all they have to do is blast at you until your dead and hope not to be hit.But beside 's that it 's a preatty good shooting combat game.Gotta go !!!
 Still though the story was silly , but I still liked it get 's you addicted using this kid who has a natural talent with this robos . It is very fun choosing the name of your character choosing what to make them say to someone . You have three different choices of opinions to say to your friends or enemy . At first I was expecting big gundams makings total mayhem . Instead I see this little robots getting shot out of a cube . Even though the game play is still good you get all kind of weapons to customize your robo with to make them invincible . Like leg pats to make you quicker , bomb parts , jetpack , and of course your gun . I liked this game think you should get I just hope a number 2 comes out I think it 's that good it was to short I beat it in a week .
 Custom robo is one of the best games ever !!!!! I have already beaten story mode , almost grand battle , unlock chickenheart , ray legend , rahu 1 and 2 , ruhiel , and lots more.Ifound pods to be really usless unless you like hiding in corners like a coward.Anyway , really fun game.Great multiplayer.Enoughunlockables for you to go outside and kill your self ... Oh , and all the secret characters are in grand battle in the outside world -LRB- im pretty sure -RRB- . Rahu 1 is in isabellas mansion or the place with the green watery stuff , you have to get at the very edge of it , go left -LRB- youll be in a secret passage -RRB- go up , then right , and when you can see yourself in the water , go as right as you can and press A.Rahu 2 is in the bronze cup.when you have to fight lucy , keep talking to her over and over till she gives you him.Those are to of the many things you can unlock -LRB- and look for rahu 3 in the silver cup battle royal ! -RRB- and many incredably powerful illegal parts you can use like worm -LRB- and upgraded dragon gun -RRB- and much more.One of the best robos is ray legend , an obsolete illegal robo that has a hard to use but powerful charge attack , a weak defense and dwn , but recovers in a second from being knocked down.Wow , ive told you toooooo many unlockable guys , but not all of them -LRB- muahahahahahah -RRB- but overral , and extremly fun game that can get really hard!Oh , and here is a small secret for you custom robo lovers ... a sequel is coming out , custom robo 2 . I think you can fuse robos ... anyway , a game worth getting the gamecube for .
 When I saw the poster on the wall of the game store I fell in love with it . I got it on the first day it comes out . On the car ride home I looked on the back cover and saw on the pictures that the graphecs were really crapie . So I read the back and all it realy said was that you build a custom robot . I thought it was going to have no plot like the pokemon games but it turns out its really good , not really good exelent . I would recomend this game to anybody whose anybody
 When I saw the poster in the game store I fell in love with it . I got it the day it came out . But when I looked at the cover the graphics looked really crappie . On the way back home I read the back cover and all it said was to create a cool robot so I thought it had really no plot like all of the Pokemon games . But when I popped it in the Game Cube I was addicted . I would recommend this game to anyone whose anyone .
 I am not very technical . I cant build many things . But this game simplifies everything with premade parts . And with thousands of combinations , this game never gets old . This game gets violent and is not recomended for little kids , due to images that might scare them or be a romodel of violence
 everyone likes robots right ? Whether its an oversized son of a tank and a weapons factory or a tiny hamaniod with all the offensive capbilities of cliff richard . my point is if like the frist one then this is the game for you . your love puting togeather your own tin man and and letting it loose on other bots . the visals of the are crisp and clear . the audio -LRB- sound tracks -RRB- are decent but could be better . the gameplay is really pick up and play arcade action with a well-paced narrative .
 I hope they make more i played 8 hours straight once its so good
 This game is one of the best robot games ever ! My cousin got me interested in the game and now I cant stop playing it ! I mean all of the combonations of weapons its hard to choose -LRB- if you are useing leagal weapons -RRB- . If you like robot fighting games and you like gaundam wing you will love this game to death !!!!!!!!
 Ive played a lot of games and this is one of the best ever . pretty much you get to customize robats and go though an adventure / rpg world trying to stop evil people . this game is adicting and fun !
 This is by all means the best game ever.Perfect graphics . The Ultimate story line with the plot always thikening.With over 1,000 combinations this is the best game I 've ever played and Ive played over 200 games.I think you ` le love this game . the best gun is dragon and the pest legs are eclipse the best body is breaker the best pod is spider g the best bomb is delta.Graphics 10 of 10story line 10 of 10 and fun 100 of 10 .
 I have just played this game at the game store and it was great ! The down side was it was difficalt . Of course I was tring to learn the controlls on my own . I am deffently getting this game !
 This game is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo Flipin ' Cool it 's like awsome ! you can blow the livin ' Crud out of your opponent or he/she will blow the Living Crud out of you , crud huh ? in chapter 2 in story mode you can get some sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet kick but weapons like `` Wyrm '' THAT WEAPON IS FLIPIN ' UNBEATABLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhh yeah , you also can play Versus Mode 50 times to unlock the Dark Star Holosseum SOOOOOOOO DON `` T GIVE A CRUD WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK ! THIS IS THE TRUTH I TELL , I `` VE BEAT LEVEL 1 IN STORY MODE AND I AM ALMOST DONE WITH LEVEL 2 !!! get this !!!!!!!!!! TRUST ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 great game . its fun and full of action . i have had it for a week and cant stop playing it !
 This game is great , the camera makes it confusing when doing 2 on 2 battles or 3 on 1 -LRB- as versus Oboro and Rahu3 -RRB- . I do n't know about anyone else but rahu3 is impossible to defeat . He just keeps attacking the hero , and ur partners are no help . I 've used most every combination of my parts , It seems this game could do alot better , like make it so you do n't have to stick so closely to the story-line . Other than all this , the game is still alright .
 The singleplayer mode is nothing more than a very long and drawn out tutorial . The decisions you make wo n't have any real latsting effects on the outcome of the game . So it 's a tame RPG . The story is rather good and a follows a nice sci-fi tone.What really makes this game shine is the number of Robo and parts . Even after playing the singleplayer through there are still more things to unlock in the Grand Battle . The controls are slick and simple . You 'll have to learn what weapons to use in certain situations . It 's also not a very good button mashing fighter . You 'll have to think things out and use the levels to your advantage.Multiplayer is the best part of the game . The camera could use some work when four players are onscreen . Each Robo class tailors to personal tactics . There are light fast robos and tanks . The are variations in abilites from light to heavy . Some might have better air speed , ground speed , or control . Just because your Robo is `` light '' does n't make it fast.Teach your friends how to play and unlock as much as you can solo . There 's little real learning curve in the game . Buy this game for the incredible customization and multiplayer . I feel that the singleplayer `` RPG '' had potential but it was n't carried out to its fullest .
 This game is really fun , if you think that the people fight in a robo , you 're wrong ! The robos fight in a data field called a holosseum . The game has over 200 guns and parts to build the ultimate fighting machine . They really should make an Anime seiries of Custom Robo .
 This game is fun to play in one player , but it could be more developed , it 's too linear . But , the multiplayer is a must . It 's highly chaotic and fun .
 I think Custom robo is a really great game it would be conciderd a RPG/Shooter with some Action trown in ! The art style is is based upon the Anime/Manga art style and the story is good but a bit lacking in some areas ... The mutiplayer system is cool and as it says in the name , puting together your ` Custom Robo ' is the best part ! To end it i 'd have to say that this is just one of those games you sould at least go out and try !
 This game is one of the best action games I have ever played . As soon as I started playing the story mode I could n't stop playing it until I finished it . The story in the game is very deep and compelling and the characters are really interesting . It 's okay as a multiplayer game , but I enjoyed it more when I played it by myself . There are so many ways to customize your robo , the possibilities are almost endless . The difficulty level of this game is n't too high either , so even younger gamers should enjoy this title .
 This game is very fun , challenging , and most of all ... funny ! -LRB- Funny because when you lose , you just suddenly flip over -RRB- The game is about a young boy -LRB- a.k.a teenager -RRB- that joins the steal hearts bounty hunting club -LRB- the name really sounds like a bad gang though -RRB- and he is teaming up with two other robo commanders named Harry and Marcia . Your main job is to put Z syndicate out of commision -LRB- I think that is what it is ... -RRB- They really should make an anime series of Custom Robo , that would be awesome .
 This looks like a pretty nice game.You customize your robot from like 500 different pieces and weapons.Than I think you can add like different designs too it to theres a one player mode and a 2 player mode.When this comes out im gon na get it . P.S the explosions look really cool
 Custom Robo is one of my favorite games for the gamecube , I am super super happy they made a game like this.I had so much fun playing it every day after school , I could not stop playing it at all it was too much fun.I love the story the people the battles you did with your Custom Robo . I loved every thing about the game very true.I just wish they made another just like it or something , I find it really silly fun good great cool net to play.I loved beating the game over and over again , I also loved being better then my brother at it so much .
 This is a really great game for people who enjoy taking a lot of time forming strategies that may or may not work against unpredictable AI . With a ton of unlockable weapons and parts , the number of different combinations of parts on your robo is quite high . The game designers do n't overload you with a lot of options in the beginning of the game , either , so it 's easy to try out the parts as the story progresses.The story of this game was much better than I expected and much better than a lot of gaming review sites lead you to believe . In fact , the whole game is much better than many gaming review sites give it credit for ... if you have a lot of time to spend forming strategies and playing around with various parts.If you 're the kind of gamer who wants to go in , guns blazing , this is n't the game for you . It has much more resemblance to Pok&eacute;mon than Gundam , for example.All in all , a four out of five .
 It is by NO means deep , but it 's a fun game , if only for one play through . The beep-beep-boop style of dialogue WILL get on your nerves -LRB- you 'll know what I mean -RRB- , but the game play is tight and fun and the music is catchy . All-in-all , a fun game .
 I know , I know . I 'm putting out a review on a game more than a couple years old . But I have to get this out . Ready ? Here it goes.Custom Robo is STILL my favorite game of all time.There are several reasons for this . The robot battles themselves are fun , action-y affairs , where your customization affects your play style . Customizing your robot is great
 `` I like this game , it 's cool '' , that 's what my son said about the game he 's 14 and a gamer .
 This game is so much fun . I already passed it though . It did not take me very long to finish this game , but it still has great fighting modes for when you finish story mode . I have heard that people are having a hard time fighting with tiny robots , but when you finish story mode you unlock first person view . Thier is a Custom Robo 2 , but unfortanally it is only avalalable in Japan . They are making a new Custom Robo for the DS that will be avalalble in America .
 I bought this game for 14 $ but I think it is good for 1,000 pennys
 I like this game alot ! It 's packed with cool weapons and custom bodies like you see as Megazords in the power ranger series .
 This game has a class of its own because not only is it a shooter , but it 's actually strategy too . For example , after seeing your enemy 's parts , you might want to change your own . Say that your enemy uses a powerful slow moving gun , you might want to use a fast robo on the ground so that you can dodge thoserounds . There are so many combinations you can do with all the parts , some are good some are bad , you just need to keep testing until you got the perfect match . My perfect match ? Below are a few robos of my own.Peregrine , Metal Bear , Seal HeadSniper , Claw , Eagle -LRB- or Raptor ! -RRB- Dual C , Double Mine , Dual CDolphin G , Dolphin G , Dolphin GSwallow ! , Swallow ! , Eclipse!Review points are averaged together . -LRB- 10 -RRB- Plotline
 This was basically a nice breakthrough game for me . What I mean , is that when I first bought it , the only thing about it that interested me was the multiplayer combat . Granted , you can only do so much when you first get it seeing as how your selection of parts is limited , but that is what forces you to get into the story mode.Now , like most people , I wasnt really looking forward to the story assuming that it would be a lame plot with little or no replay value . I was completely surprised , and to be honest , blown away by what the story actually had to offer . All though considered bland by most , I found it interesting . Without trying to give too much away ... . basically you live in an artificial world . The actual `` real '' world was destroyed ages ago by a being that has now merged itself with a custom robo , and is continuously evolving . Basically everyone lives in a dome , and isnt aware of it . The evil apocalyptic being returns , and as the main character your job is to discover why , and stop it . Thats not SO bad.Once you 've played through the game , you have the option of doing so again with all the parts you previously aquired which is pretty fun if you like owning the computer to no end . Multiplayer really shines once you start unlocking the bulk of the parts , especially if you have two or three other friends that are willing to play with you.Sadly , even if the game is called `` Custom Robo '' , there isnt much of a strategy or finese when it comes to actually finding a good customization for your robo . As long as you are using a powerful gun part , thats basically all you need . Now you can find parts that work well with eachother , and use them to your advantage ... but it takes a lot of experimentation ... more so than most would consider worth their while.If you 're looking for something new , or just enjoy killing other robots , then you should give this game a shot .
 Dark Arms -LRB- Beast Busters ' 99 -RRB- , despite the rather questionable name , provides a very enjoyable action/rpg experience -LRB- similar to , say , Zelda -RRB- . Perhaps the funnest part of the game is ` growing ' and ` evolving ' your weapons . The graphics are excellent , as is the gameplay - although the game is somewhat short . Great for rpg fans , as there are very few rpgs out for the NeoGeo Pocket Color ...
 This Zelda type game has some really fun mechanics but wears thin after a few hours of play . There are not enough mix of guns to build or types of creatures to keep interest . Some parts of the game -LRB- like collecting the White Witches -RRB- are down right annoying . The Story is also insanely implausible . I do not know if something was lost in the translation but the voice acting from the original Resident Evil is more believable.All in all , if you are going on a trip and want something to kill time this game is worth it . Hopefully SNK will produce more titles along this line but with a little more quality and no so much of a mangled story .
 What a brilliant game , seriously . Dark Arms
 I know this is n't your huge graphic , massive sound , intesive adrinaline game ; but , for what it is its great . I love this game . I played it as a kid at the arcade , and it was hard to find then . Maybe its nostalgia , but I think it has its perks . Yes it is like pacman , but no its not the same . There are hardness levels , it has multiple badies , and its just fun . No blood and guts -LRB- I actually like stealth and blood games -RRB- , and its `` old school '' . Know that , and you 'll enjoy it as I have , and am .
 I remembered playing with this game so much at the Arcade in the late 80s . Later I even found a roller ball controller for this game just like the original arcade . Jewel case ? Just plan old plastic cover with cd for pc .
 This is a side scrolling puzzle game , six worlds , eight levels in each . You play Mario , and Donkey Kong has stolen wind up Mario doll toys from a toy factory . Yes , this is seriously the plot ! As Mario , you start a level , and you are able to jump -LRB- A button -RRB- , when on top of objects , you can lift them over your head -LRB- B button -RRB- , and you can perform advanced tricks , like pressing left , right and the A button to perform a high jump . The eight levels each have two parts to them , the first part , Mario must get the key to a door , then get it back to the door , if he throws the key -LRB- which sometimes you need to -RRB- , Mario will have 12 seconds to get the key again and pick it up , or else it will disappear and return to where the key was originally . Then the second part is just to get to the wind up Mario doll and pick it up . It is a puzzle game , because in each level , there are red , yellow and blue switches , where if you hit a red switch , it makes red platforms and ladders appear , and the colored platforms and ladders disappear . After the first world it gets more tricky with vines and cables for Mario to climb , then in later levels there are conveyer belts with switches to reverse them . Timing is also important , such as in some levels you must throw a key onto a conveyer belt , and hit a switch to reverse the conveyer belt , then race to hit a switch to enable a yellow colored platform before the key drops off the belt into something that could destroy the key . There are also enemies that are strategically placed , along with ways to get around them or make them disappear . The levels are not big , only four screens large , but the levels do n't need to be large , from how clever Nintendo has made the puzzles . Each world has a theme to it , the first level is the toy factory theme , second is a forest theme , third is a lava palace and three other themes . The first six levels of each world are strictly to get a key and get a Mario doll in each of them . Then the seventh level of each world is where Mario must lead the six wind-up Mario dolls through the level , if one of the dolls do n't make it to the end of the level , that will effect the eighth level . The eight level of each world is a battle with Donkey Kong . For each level you have to do something different to beat the bad monkey , while Donkey Kong stands in one place and does something to defend himself , usually by throwing things at Mario . However many of the six dolls that made it through the seventh level will be how much energy Mario has when he faces Donkey Kong , so if three wind-up Mario dolls get destroyed in the seventh level , Mario can be hit three times in his battle with Donkey Kong at the end of each world . At the start of each level , it shows you how to perform a new trick or a hint to get you past something . This is a generalized hint , nothing specific , with a little animation showing you how to do the trick . While this is a good puzzle game , most of it is easy , but unfortunately there is not much replay value in the game . Each level has three `` gifts '' to collect as something that adds to the replay value . Good game , great music for GBA , simple controls , but once you have completed the game , that 's it .
 This game is mostly about Donkey Kong trying to steal Mini Mario toys . Mario goes through 6 levels with 6 courses a Mini Mario course and a Donkey Kong course . Here are my ratings : Music-10 / 10 its coolGamplay-10 / 10 goodHardness-8 / 10 its pretty toughFunness-10 / 10 you will love it
 this game is great . i laughed i cryed i huged it , okay maybe i did n't cry but i did evreything else . this game is soooooooooooo addictive . the so seamingly simple controls are great . And the game gets gradually harder untill where you waist ten lives to get the key.the story
 This game is fun , although I am only just now starting the 3rd level . I do like puzzle games . This isnt like the Super Mario games in the past which I truly like alot . I suppose you have to enjoy solving puzzles to like this game .
 I was use nintendo NES some game donkey kong no more so now back I am glad that old some game . I am adult so I love it last year , I bought DS have DS and GBA I am excite use that old donkey kong then new game Mario vs Donkey its nice some difficult . I keep it . I will buy mario golf . I love puzzle and Most RPG . its bit expersive price . I dont need that new DSi dont have GBA . keep eye cheap game not easy It 's rare .
 The best part is you get to fight Donkey Kong after every World . It gets too difficult too fast . Sometimes I get confused of what to do .
 I just bought this game a couple days ago . I like the graphics on it . The game play reminds me of the Donkey Kong game that was released on Game Boy back in 1994 . It starts out easy , but gets more difficult as you get further into the game . I am on level four now , and the screen that I am on is very difficult . You have to grab the key and hit direction switches to make the belts go the other way , and you have to hit red and yellow switches to change the blocks into solid ones . I have tried everything to get through that level , and I am quite frustrated right now . If there was a player 's guide for this game , it would really help me out a real lot . I can maybe get some pointers on how to beat each level . Overall , this game is fun and difficult at the same time .
 Reggie : Mario what is you PROBLEM!Mario
 this game is classic fun . My neice and nephew really enjoyed it . It is a great game for young kids .
 Mario vs. Donkey Kong is a pretty good game . The graphics are pretty nice , and the story is kinda like an old shout-out to the original Donkey Kong game . The controls are a tad unresponsive sometimes , leading to frustrating and unnecessary deaths , but other than that nothing to complain about . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 The game itself was great however the cartrige was a little beaten up . It apeared to have been chewed on by a cat or small dog . The game still worked and I am very satisfied . Will be using this service again .
 Donkey Kong , a smash hit in the arcades , got a Game Boy version that improved over the original by a lot . It was no wonder it sold so well back then . 10 years later , Mario Vs Donkey Kong comes in as a sequel to that Game Boy classic . Of course , since it 's a sequel , it would have the same gameplay as Donkey Kong.The main gameplay has Mario go fetch a key and then use the key to open up a locked door to move on . The levels are clever , fun to play , and just downright cool . In fact , Mario can use acrobatic skills to help him through the levels . He can somersault , flip , and perform handstand jumps.This game includes all new levels , enemies , and puzzles . There are also some elements that were fixed or renewed from Donkey Kong , such as adding hit points in the bosses , and a counter for when the key will disappear.In every world , before the boss , there 's a level where you need to lead the Mini Marios into a toy chest . Of course , you must progress skillfully through the level to get to the chest.After beating the last world -LRB- World 6 -RRB- , there are now 6 more worlds named Plus worlds , in which you must guide the Mini Mario -LRB- cleverly -RRB- to the door . If the Mini Mario dies , so do you . There are also several unlockable Expert levels that you can access by getting stars in the regular levels.Overall , it 's a challenging successor to an update of the classic arcade game that started everything Mario .
 Mario versus Donkey Kong revisits the formula that gave a previous generation one of the best Game Boy titles ever , Donkey Kong ' 94 . Using the tried and true formula of Donkey Kong standing at the top of the screen and throwing things at Mario , the game will be immediately familiar to those who played that now-ancient Game Boy title . For younger gamers , you 'll find Mario with a host of abilities beyond merely jumping on someone 's head , all while trying to defeat the rampaging gorilla with a very loose set of values.The plot of Mario versus Donkey Kong is somewhat child-like , with Donkey Kong stealing a bunch of Mini Mario toys and Mario needing to retrieve them . The gameplay is fairly complex , thanks to the large number of moves that Mario has at his disposal . You 'll be performing backflips , hand stands , and walking tight ropes in an attempt to defeat Donkey Kong through about 100 levels . While that sounds absolutely huge as a game , each level can usually be bypassed in 30 seconds or less . As a result , the game becomes something of a long series of similarly-themed mini-games , with Mario solving quick puzzles and dodging enemies on his way to the top of the screen.The overall entertainment value of Mario versus Donkey Kong is excellent . It will provide you with several hours of light , fun gameplay that will hold a special appeal for older gamers . The game suffers somewhat from a simplicity of design and the fact that the action can get repetitive sometimes - you 'll fight Donkey Kong about a dozen times , and only one or two of those fights will feel unique . Despite these flaws , this is definitely one of the better releases on the Game Boy Advance , and will give you a good amount of entertainment value for your dollar .
 This game reminds me of the old Donkey Kong games that I used to play . It is easy enough for my 7 year old and me to play , but challenging enough for my 13 year old daughter . One of my favorite Game boy Advance games .
 Ever since I bought this game , I 've barely set it down . It 's a highly addictive arcade-platformer with quite a bit of puzzle strategies integrated with the gameplay . The game 's 100 + levels -LRB- yes , there are that many when you count all the difficulty levels -RRB- range from simple jumping-and-climbing rooms to enormous chambers where one badly-timed movement could mean game over . The game takes several recognizable elements from the classic Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr. arcade games , including climbing up and swinging between ropes to knock items down and climbing ladders and moving platforms while jumping over incoming barrels . It also introduces some new concepts , such as leading a troop of half a dozen half-size Marios past enemies and obstacles into a toybox.Unfortunately , the game also has a few weak points . For instance , the controls are sometimes less responsive than they need to be , making levels more difficult thatn they need to be -LRB- not that some of the later ones are n't already that way -RRB- . Also , when picking up and throwing items , it 's difficult to get the game to register which direction you are throwing the item/object/enemy in . You might try to throw it straight up and end up tossing it off a ledge . Still , with probably the best graphics seen in any GBA game and a fun soundtrack that fits with the gameplay and does n't distract the player , this is definitely worth a shot for anyone who likes classic arcade-style games with a bit of a puzzle spin .
 This is a very addicting game , especially in the first few levels where you can pretty much breeze through them . However , near the end of the game , I have encountered problems to the point where I just gave up , figuring the frustration was n't worth it . Some of the music is good , some not so good . I also encountered occasional problems with controlling Mario . Overall , I would say this game is quite good . I just wish it was a little bit easier near the end .
 This game is really fun with good graphics . It is like the older one but with more stuff and different story line . Instead of saving Peach you save these Mini Mario Toys from Donkey Kong . The levels are challenging for people who are n't hard core gamers . Gamers might think it to easy . I 'm enbetween and I enjoy playing it .
 I have had this game for a month now.I 'm done!I like world one and three mario vs. donkey kong.Try it !
 So Mario Won The First Round , But Now IT 'S ONE ! Mario Vs.Donkey Kong ! The Victory In Donkey Kong JR Was A Great One . But Will Donkey Wrap This Up ?? I do Have A Bio For The Game : Mario Builds Mario Toys . But Just Then Donkey Kong Steps In !! A Massive Fight !!!!!!! Will Mario Redo His Victory , Or Donkey Kong Is Winner !! Another Massive Fight Of The Classic Plumber Mario vs. The Brute Donkey Kong !!!! Well In One Level Mario Goes With Mario Toys -LRB- Cool -RRB- . As We All know It 's Time For A Rumble In the Jungle ! Not To be Realative with Ali . If You Want To See The Rumble Pick Up A copy Of `` Mario Vs. Donkey Kong '' At Stores . NOW !
 First and foremost , Mario vs. Donkey Kong is the successor in gameplay to an old original Game Boy title simply called Donkey Kong , often referred to as Donkey Kong '94 to avoid confusion with the original arcade classic . In that excellent game , the object of each level was to acquire a key and make your way to a locked door to proceed to the next level . However , the puzzles were often very devious and required much thought . At the end of each world , you would have to battle Donkey Kong in order to move on to the next world.Not much has changed since then , since Mario vs. Donkey follows the same basic format with a few twists . The new aspect of each level is that there are actually two parts with two different objectives to each level . In the first half of the level , you have to get the key in order to unlock the door in typical Donkey Kong '94 fashion . You have to manuever around enemies and spike pits to reach your objective , as well as climbing ropes similar to Donkey Kong Jr. , using special-colored switches to make platforms appear , and working with conveyor belts . In the second half of each stage , you have to make your way to a Mini-Mario toy -LRB- an aspect of the simple and strange storyline -RRB- . There are also three presents in each level that , if collected , will give you a chance to win extra lives at the end of each level.The one major problem I have with the game is the controls . For the most part , they are very good , but they can be unresponsive sometimes , leading to unnecessary deaths and frustrated players . The ropes also tend to give me a fit , since you jump off in different ways depending on if you are grasping one or reaching out for another.The challenge is very good . The first four worlds serve as an introduction , as the game does n't start getting difficult until the fifth out of six worlds . The first four may lull you into a sense of false security , but when you get to the fifth , you 'll start losing lives like crazy . The puzzles often require quite a bit of thinking and strategy . You ca n't just breeze through this game without a bit of thought and planning.The game will keep you busy for quite a while . The box says that there are only six worlds , which is a bit misleading . After you finish the six worlds , you will unlock six more worlds with the same themes but different stages . In addition to this , there are many `` Expert '' levels that you can unlock by aquiring the high score in the normal levels . And believe me , these high scores are often not easy to get.The graphics in the game are pretty nice , but they look a bit blocky . The backgrounds look great , though . The sound is a bit iffy , though . The music is wonderful and has many hummable themes , but the sound effects , especially Mario 's voice , can be a bit grating.All in all , the game is quite a bit of fun , and would be nearly perfect if the controls did n't have a habit of being unresponsive at key moments . It is a definite must-buy if you are a puzzle fan or have played and liked Donkey Kong ' 94 .
 Donkey Kong vs. Mario is more of a reminder of the Donkey Kong game released on the Gameboy in 1994 . Interestingly enough , this combines the best of puzzles with action adventure and that means that the game will not only be fun , but addictive.Donkey Kong vs. Mario begins with Donkey Kong watching TV and he sees an advertisement for the famous toy that everybody wants . A Mini-Mario . DK decides he wants one but when the toystore is sold out he goes into a rage and decides to steal some instead . Now as Mario you have to go and retrieve all the dolls that Donkey Kong has stolen.The game presents puzzle mixed with Action/Adventure . It also has six worlds with eight levels each . Each level begins with Mario having to find a key in the first room , and the stolen Mario doll in the next . The first room is a straight out find the key . When you do its much like Super Mario Bros. 2 in which you have to pick up the key . In the next room you 've got to dodge obstacles and enemies to get to the Mario doll.DK vs. Mario has gameplay very similar to Super Mario Bros. 2 . In fact , the enemies come from SMB2 and you can pick them up and throw them . That 's not all , Mario has lots of moves he can pull off . Not the same old `` jumpman '' anymore . Now he can do backflips , hang and balance on telephone wires and do headstands . The headstands prevent damage from falling objects . Mario can also hang on vines like in Donkey Kong Jr.Each world has seven levels . The first six are always straightforward puzzles . But the seventh level of every world Mario has to lead the rescued Mini dolls to a toy chest . This sounds easy but you must protect the dolls . They can be harmed by natural objects and enemies in the levels . In the eighth level you fight DK.At first the game seems short . Considering the first few worlds are easy and the levels go by very fast . But after you complete the sixth world you unlock six MORE worlds with six levels each . These levels present more of a challenge.So there is a lot to do in the game but as I said , the game really oes present little replay . Since the game is a puzzle , the puzzles are n't as fun to solve the second time around , especially considering you wo n't have to think becuase you already know.The graphics are actually beautiful and look astonishing . Sometimes they look a little blocky but they 're a reminder of the graphics on the GBA version of Donkey Kong Country , only more crisp and clear.The sound is very good . Great tunes for the levels . But as with a lot of Mario games on the GBA you 'll probably get tired of Mario screaming , grunting , groaning and all that stuff . In fact , Mario 's voice is more annoying than usual in this game . At least the music in the levels will eventually drown out Mario 's voice . It 's too bad that you ca n't turn it off.Overall Donkey Kong vs. Mario is a remarkably fun game . The puzzles are fun and addictive . What the game lacks in replayability more than makes up for the amount of time you 'll spend on it .
 Story
 Very interesting game . Good thing is that it is made of small and separate challenges . Continue feature allows you to start at the challenge you left off . Dont need to start all over again . Will save your game . Graphics and sound are excellent . Very addictive . Good for both kids and adults .
 This is a revamped game concept from the somewhat known gameboy game `` Donkey Kong -LRB- 1994 , not the original -RRB- '' . This game was an amazing game at the time to me . There 's a puzzles in each level kind of and you have the chase Donkey Kong down . I forgot the storyline in the original 1994 game . I 've always borrowed it from some friends about ten years ago.The new storyline is quite funny and absurd . Donkey wants these Mini Mario becaue he saw them on a commercial on TV and I guess he 's really bored and the psychology of the TV makes him and everyone else want these toys . He goes to the store and finds that the little Marios are sold out . He 's furious and looks across the street to find the Mario Toy Company . He bust up the toadies and steals lots of Mario toys . Mario is angered , and he wants the toys back . OK . He chases Donkey Kong down through quite a few levels and catches a mini Mario at the end of each level ... once he gets six , Mario must go through a level and lead all the toys in a box ... this makes an interesting concept where you must lead the toys and collect letters T-O-Y -LRB- like Tony hawk with SKATE -RRB- and must be led to a toy chest . Good concept.The levels are great with conveyor belts , switches , keys , shy guys , birds , etc. . Some of the levels are a little easy ... some hard ... some in between . Mario always banters like he does in Mario 64 with h9is `` Mama mias . '' and etc.If this sounds good to you ... buy it . Because it 's quite fun and there 's a classic 94 and even 80 's feel to the levels , great graphics , mario 's banter , etc. . The only drawback really is there 's not much replay value ... it 'll only last so long before you beat the game . But you can stop playing anytime and pick off where you left off ... it 's not like an RPG where you have to play forever .
 I do n't really care for action games and missed classic Donkey Kong a lot !! This is much better and improved ... actually requires thinking , planning , and strategy . I bought the Game Boy Advance SP just for this revival of Donkey Kong :-RRB- . In the beginning it seems too easy ... it 's not a horribly hard game either , but it 's not about killing or fighting , and that I do like .
 The high resolution graphics are awesome on this game . This strategy game will turn your brain to mush . The first five levels are easy , but progress to get harder . There is another 6 worlds and six levels in each world after you complete the first set of 6 worlds . The second set does get tricky and hard ! I would recommend this game to any Mario fan or people who love the original Donkey Kong ! This game has plenty of hours of enjoyment ! This game easily would win for the GBA Game of the year !
 I recently purchased this game because I want to play all the Donkey Kong games . I played through it in about a week and spent another week going back to get all the presents to unlock the extra levels . The mini-games get annoying and are pretty pointless since you can just continue if you run out of lives . Other than that it is a pretty good game and a solid blend of puzzle and action .
 It is a good game , it has good graphs and colors , but it lacks landscapes almost and it does not have variety of tracks that one can choose . But it has all icons of the original game and new aggregates , it has a descent and good handling of car in the game , I talk about to that on handles the controls well . The effect of the rumble pack is very good . Only the bad thing is that one ca n't run over and carve up real people and see much red blood by all sides and aslo to see parts of human bodies leave the screen throughout . But it is a good game in any case .
 This game is fantastic you can crush , kill , and destroy other people but carmageddon 2 is more fun . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It is a good game , it has good graphs and colors , but it lacks landscapes almost and it does not have variety of tracks that one can choose . But it has all icons of the original game and new aggregates . It has a descent and good handling of car in the game , I talk about to that one handles the controls well . the effect of rumble pack is very good . Only the bad thing is that one ca n't run over and carve up real people and see much red blood by all sides , and aslo to see parts of human bodies leave the screen throughout . But it is good game in any case .
 Well.I dont now.its good , its bad . The good thing is , the turns -LRB- its easy use ones you lurn it -RRB- . Explosions are great , and rumble pack is good.The bad thing is its wasnt like the computer version . The graficks could be better . Zombies goes off the screen . MOORE BLOOOD pleace.Its a good game -LRB- te `` wrte in `` ws bad , overlaping txt -RRB-
 Myst III Exile -LRB- M3E -RRB- is not your typical Xbox game , that 's for sure ; it was originally developed for the PC and ported exactly as the PC version . Being experienced with all the Myst adventures , I was expecting the gameplay interface similar to Real Myst where character movement seemed more like you were actually walking instead of watching a Powerpoint slide show when moving . Although the producers of M3E claim and brag about the introduction of new 360 degree observation technology , this is actually not new -LRB- Real Myst used it first -RRB- and now they actually went a step back with the slide-show movement . I got used to it after a while , but it was a bit dissapointing to see such a great game with such an outdated technology , especially on the Xbox . That 's the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5Exposure to the M3E predecessor games -LRB- Myst , Riven -RRB- is necessary as the game documentation does not explain the story and reasoning behind M3E.M3E has one vengeful D'ni inhabitant named Saavedro that somehow discovered a way to transport himself to the age of Tomahna , where Atrus had just completed writing the age of Releeshan , in which he wanted to amend all of his son 's wrongdoings . Saavedro takes away the Releeshan linking book and deliberately drops his J'nanin book expecting to lure Atrus and trap him in his destroyed age . You end up with the task of bringing back the Releeshan book and stop Saavedro from doing more damage to the ages.Your adventure starts when you link into the J'nanin or Learning Age . This age was originally conceived by Atrus to teach his sons about the creation of ages . You are all alone -LRB- or so it seems -RRB- on this tropical island with no idea of how to get Saavedro and the stolen book.You will have to use all your power of observation , logic and problem-solving skills to solve the many elaborate puzzles and discover the mystery surrounding J'nanin and Saavedro . The J'nanin age unlocks other new ages , required for you to complete the adventure . The puzzles , although logic , are not that obvious to solve . Atrus had to be very careful and have a method that only he would know in order to avoid other people to damage his creations . Luckily you were handed the Atrus journal when you start off in Tomahna and this book will give you an idea of what Atrus wanted to accomplish and also provides you with clues to solve many important puzzles.This game requires patience and a lot of persistence ; for every step you take make sure to stop and look around , then continue on . Everything around you is important.The puzzles are mostly the mechanic-type ; pull a lever , push a button , etc. . Many times pulling a lever creates a reaction somewhere else , so be very observant . I ca n't say that any puzzle in the adventure was impossible to figure out on your own . The instruction booklet has a hint section for the puzzles but I always avoid those ; there 's nothing like the sense of accomplishment when solving a tough puzzle entirely on your own . There 's always something that turns on your light bulb , sometimes re-reading the journals , walking again around the age , going back to J'nanin , even turning off the Xbox console and taking a break.The adventure is open-ended ; you do n't need to visit any age in a particular order in order to succeed . You do n't die in this game ; you can not fall off a cliff , get electrified or drown . You are also not going to get stuck by pushing the wrong button . That does n't mean you should start pushing or pulling at will , everything has a purpose and a method , and most of the time is not obvious at first glance.This game is recommended for experienced adventurers and Myst fans . Those new to Myst or to adventure games could find it a bit frustrating and the story will probably not make too much sense .
 I am a fan of the Myst games on the PC . I like it for the XBOX , because I think it makes manuvering easier . I like the controler to the keyboard and mouse . I thought the graphics were good , the puzzles interesting , and the mystery of the story engrossing . This is a game I got lost in . The only thing I really did not like was that the graphics were in screnes and not scrolling as you walk around . Still , it is a game worth having . There is very litte interaction with characters though , only objects . If you like puzzles , reason , logic and experimentation , you 'll love this game . If you need action , warfar or shooting , you probably wo n't like this game .
 The First Myst game was on another console 10 years ago . The Atari Jaguar 64 system along with it 's JagCD player add-on had Myst as a CD game . I have played the Myst & Riven Games on the PC , as well as the first Myst on the JagCD , and liked them a lot ! I have Myst III : Exile for both the PC and Xbox . I think the Xbox version is Ok ... I do find that the elevator scene where you have to manipulate gears and weights is harder to see on the Xbox version then the PC version , but all in all UBI soft has done a great job in keeping with the traditional story line of the Myst series . Yes , it would be helpful to play the first 2 Myst Games
 I first played Myst 10 years ago on a 120Mz Gateway Pentium.This was a great game then andExile , like Riven , continues its legacy.It is an in-depth game with many plot turns and puzzles to solve.Adventure games , namely Myst and other non-linear all have many elements of puzzle solving.it is different from a typical RPG which somewhat goes `` You do this for me and I 'll tell you where the item you want is '' . The Myst world is open-ended and no one will approach the game in the same way.It was good 10 years ago -- its ' successor is still good now !
 I love the Myst games because of the graphics and complicated puzzles . I 'm not very good with figuring the puzzles out most of the time but having a challenge makes a game more appealing to me . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes doing puzzles
 I got this for me and my five year old son to play on the Xbox and although it is a game more for adults , he loved it too and was able to decipher some of the puzzles . It stretched both of our abilities and was a good strong brain builder . Totally worth the cost .
 First let me say I played the first 2 games in this series and I liked them both ; however , they are not for everyone . MYST games are puzzle games to the highest standard . In one instance you might turn on a switch and it does absolutely nothing with in the vacinity of your immidiate senses , but somewhere in another area you 're turning on power to a generator on a cart that you can travel around the `` island '' on . Let me be the first to say that these types of games are hard . . I mean reeeeaaalll hard . . * I 'm not talking about looking up cheats or reading walk throughs for this game hard , anyone can do that and pretty much beat any game . It 's definetly a break from first person shooters , and fighting games ... rent it at least see what it 's like then come back and buy it .
 Myst III is not -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- typical Xbox fare , but it is just the sort of thing to cleanse the pallet between games of Halo & Madden . Hopefully there will be a niche for this type of game on the Xbox in the future .
 HercN64 Review AmazonHercules
 The people who did this game must be brillant . This was a lot of fun to play with great music too ! Heavy on the adventure side with lots of good fighting mechanics - it 's fun to switch between Iolaus , Hercules , and Serena . Fans of the show wo n't be disappointed , either will gamers ! Highly recommended !!
 I love this particular character anyway and the fact that they made a game well thats great play it you will agree
 I have to say I 'm not really into the show very much . ... I did n't expect it -LSB- Hercules
 When I rented this game I thought this game will be like Superman , but it is n't . This game is awesome . You will see most of the characters from the show . I have to tell you . You must buy this game . It 's a 1 in a million . Believe me .
 My uncle works for EGM magazine and I got to play an early version of this . It reeked of awesomeness . It was a perfect mix of action and adventure .
 This game is so cool , I ' v played it before and it is cool I hope this is a good review .
 Hey Surfers what up ? This Cool toy Hercules the Legendary Journeys is so cool . I am only 12 and I still love the toy . I have a whole collection of the toys . It is soo cool if you like to buy hercules toys too just search . But , by the time you read this message it probably wo n't even be availible . Hey you 'd love the action figure too !
 This game rocks ! The graphics are are n't that great and they spell some things wrong but it is a great thing to play ! I just got it yesterday and I could n't stop playing it . It relates with almost all the characters and has many things to do and solve . I would recommend this to anybody ! Battle On !
 This is a tight little game . I especially like the link feature with the Hurcules game . Makes for high replay value .
 I do n't own a play station but I played this game through all levels on a friends player that I would borrow every now and then . The action along with trying to figure out all of the clues and audio is great . You definitely have to master throwing the chakram to even come close to beating all levels . If you love Syphon Filters you will love this game . There are 21 levels and no matter how skilled , you will have to go through some levels a few times to get by . BUY IT !
 this game is awsome . You can play as 5 of your favorite disney characters . With Three awsome modeschallenge cupexhibitionpracticeThis also has 14 great ! power-ups to help you out , and there you have it tune in for the next inside disney with almore cato .
 Even as an adult , I like this little game . With Madden 2004 , the players are too small -LRB- as there are 11 on each side -RRB- . This game only has 5 players on each side . You can see the holes to run through better . Also , you can actually have a running game with this game . Plus , for the kids or if you just want to add fun , you can add the magic and mines options to spice up the game . I much prefer it over Madden 2004 .
 Even though I did n't like the disney characther for this game , it was still a great game . Any children would have a blast with this great football game made by Konami .
 Well ... It 's not to what is expected of football -LRB- BACKYARD FOOTBALL GBA written all over it ! -RRB- Passing is tougher , running you can use greatly , and WORST OF ALL ! THIS GAME looks just like BYFB , WHAT WAS THEY TINKIN ' YO ? Dis ai n't good `` uh tall '' !!!
 This NeoGeo Color game for the Pocket NeoGeo is very , very cool . My friend has it , and I always end up playing with it . Its linkable , but I have n't tried that .
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult gamer.This is my review on Monsters Inc for the GameCube.Well I bought this at GameStop & also for my Wii & am enjoying the game alot . It 's really fun you get to unlock characters & do other stuff . I only started playing it yesterday & really got into the game . But I really like this game . I also like how there are cut scenes from the movie Monsters Inc in the game if you press the X button nice touch to the game . Over all this is a great game & highly recommended by me . % out of 5 star quality in my opinion . Try this game out you 'll like it great graphic 's for under -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks.Happy Gaming everyone !
 This game rocks ! It 's so fun ! I love the disco and pepper balls . You can be any character . . even Boo ! There are some cool hideen features too . I love how you can ppick different areas to play in . The movies are good and very funny . You can block and throw fast or soft . I wish you could jump but my sister and I have n't been able to stop playing ! My favorite character is Sully and hers is George Sanderson . Even mom and dad play ! I would tell all my friends to buy it !
 I am not the type of person who normally enjoys playing video games , but Disney and Pixar 's Monsters , Inc. . Scream Arena was an absolutely adorable and enjoyable video game . While intended to be primarily a game for children , Monsters , Inc. . Scream Arena is an enjoyable game for children of all ages as well as adults.The game starts out with a short clip from the movie Monsters , Inc. and then sends the player into Monstropolis , the city where all the monsters in the movie live . There are many different stages , each representing a scene from the movie , but in order to get into a particular scene the player must succeed at the preceding arenas . Once the player succeeds at one arena , the next arena is unlocked.Once the player has selected the scene that he or she desires to play , the next step is to choose which monster he or she wants to be . I should mention that the game can either be a single player game where the player competes with the game itself or it can be a multi-player game , where the players can either compete head to head with each other , or work together to defeat the game 's monsters.Choosing your monster is , in my opinion , the best part of the game . Nearly every monster , if not every monster , from the movie is able to be selected for use . Once the player has selected a monster , the monster will greet him or her by saying something along the lines of , `` Thanks for choosing me ! `` Not only does the monster speak , but it also acts in the same manner that he or she did in the movie . The player 's monster is then placed into the arena you have chosen , and the game begins . Some examples of the arenas you can choose from are
 If you like dodge ball , you 'll like this game . It 's a little too easy to unlock new levels . In single player mode , I unlocked six levels in 3 hours . This game is great if you 're my age , 7 years old , and you do n't want something too challenging .
 How to have a video game that is fun to play but does not involve killings and violence ? DODGE BALL ! A great premise ! Goofy ! Hilarious . The Monsters Inc. characters go at it trying to whack each other with progressively zanier balls in progressively more unusual . You talk about a GREAT game for my 5 year old to play . And with the ability to play 4 players , the whole family can get into the goofy act . These are the warm moments that you recall with warm cocoa by the fire , how your preschooler whacked you with the disco ball ! Great great !
 I thought that this game was very cool . Even though I unlocked all the levels in 2 days , you can go back to every level as many times as you want . As well as the normal levels for Solo and Buddy modes , when you play party mode , you have a choice of completely different types of play . For example , ` Ball Tag ' is when each player has a timer and when you get hit at the beginning , your timer begins , indicating that you are ` it ' . The moment you hit someone , your timer stops , and theirs begins . The game includes various characters from the movie . I thought the graphics were wonderful . Every thing is very realistic and the players say different things when hit . I recommend the game for people 5 and over .
 This game has disappointing graphics for something with Pixar 's name on it . I 'm comparing it to say , Luigi 's Mansion . The game 's theme is pretty entertaining and compensates for it though . It is basically a giant doge ball tournament . Each match that you win unlocks a new level and character to use . It 's about 4 stars .
 My step-son bought this game for my 7 year old daughter . She loves it ! As a matter of fact so do I ! The part I like best about it is that she and I can play it together as `` buddies '' . She likes that part best too ! That makes it a lot of fun and we both laugh the whole time while we are playing it because we have so much fun and some of the things that happen in the game are funny . It 's fairly easy to unlock different players so she gets a sense of accomplishment . The only thing I dont like is that all the levels are the same thing , but just different backgrounds instead of changing it up a little bit . But I would definately recommend this game for a young child - especially one like mine who is just starting out with video games .
 Looking for a non-violent game for an older preschooler or early elementary schooler ? This might be it !! Use the `` buddy '' system to play with your child and overcome hilarious -LRB- at least to kids -RRB- challenges together . Here 's an even better idea from a kid . Play a real-life version of Scream Arena . Throw lightweight balls at each other and give each ball a role -LRB- slow motion ball , sneeze ball , keep-me-for-as-long-as-you-can ball , etc. -RRB- . This is a super family video game !!
 both my boys ages 4 and 9 luv it ... ...
 Thanks for the prompt delivery . Who does n't enjoy the loveable characters of Monsters Inc. ? We have received many screams of enjoyment from this excellent product .
 this game is so much fun ! I had the demo and loved it and i bought it the next day .
 I do n't understand all these idiot reviews
 I ca n't understand the reviewers who are so down on this game . So Martian Gothic does n't require the use of a mouse - so what ? So you have to ration saves as part of the game strategy - so what ? Martian Gothic is one of the very few original games around , with much more varied combat than Resident Evil . And as for one reviewer 's comment that you ca n't outrun the Nondead -LRB- the possessed humans in this game are not zombies -RRB- - that is simply untrue
 Ever since the first Resident Evil popped its way on to TV screens , there were a lot of Resident Evil clones that were modeled after it , despite Resident Evil itself being a clone of Alone in the Dark . Oddly enough , a select few of these Resident Evil clones actually were n't half bad
 If you 're looking for someting different from the `` RamboXVII '' tie in , that 's what 's for you ! And do n't listen all those that do not understand the feeling of a real GOOD game ! The story is really something , and the game play , originally -LRB- finally -RRB- ! Be advised , patch it ! It has some bugs on the retail version ; -RRB- Enjoy !
 Ever since the debut of the original simulator eons ago -LRB- I remember wasting countless hours on it on my Commodore 128 -RRB- people have ritualistically purchased the next two versions . Both have been wonderful improvements . Although the basic format has been preserved from Sim City 2000 , many details have been modified . The graphics in Sim City 3000 are much cleaner and detailed than its predecessor 's . You also get to control trade with your neighbors , including deals for the sale and purchase of water , electricity , and garbage . That 's right , garbage . In Sim City 3000 you must also manage landfills and trash-burning power plants to keep your city clean . You also have much more control over ordinances.This time around , the game is also much more glitch-free . You should have less trouble building that road you want exactly where you want it . Also , a very disgusting aspect of Sim City 2000 , the arcologies , has been removed . The problem with this is , they just vanish if you use the ` import ' feature in Sim City 3000 to bring in your old cities . Oh well . Deal with maintaining a real city.All in all a great game . The improvements are n't obvious at first , but play a bit and you 'll see how much more enjoyable it is while still maintaining its classic touch .
 i am very happy to have gotten a good game for linux . it runs well . i had one small problem , but once i ran the update patch everything was smooth sailing . i play it quite a bit . like i said , GREAT GAME !
 Came in time , no issues at all , just like new ! I 've been looking for this game for a while , and found it on here ! Thanks !
 The grafik is much better in this game than it was in Sim city 2000 . In this game thers a lot more buildings . You can choose between low - medium high density zones when you place the zones for building residental , comercial or industries . this makes it to al lot of variety in the buildings pops up later . There 's anew systemfor taking cae of the citys garbage . otherwise the game is very much like the games before it . But i 'd say it 's a funny game . Very entertaining to see the city grow and expand before your eyes .
 I am a Windows XP turned Mac OS X user interested in trying Linux sometime soon and was pleased to discover SimCity 3000 Unlimited available for Linux . I wonder what distribution of Linux is this available for specifically ? Also where can I find SimCity 4 for the Linux platform ? I am moving away from Windows and do n't want to get to attached to the Mac for gaming -- still want to use my PC for gaming once in a while but do n't want to get too dependent on the monopolistic software giant in Redmond . Apple in the long run it can be argued is just as bad -- at least they embrace some open source technologies but Mac OS X is still proprietary . The salvation of PC gamers should be Linux . I do not even use Microsoft XBox systems for the same reasons I am trying to move away from Windows gaming . I will not upgrade to Vista and am content with my existing PC running XP and my Mac Mini with OS X Tiger . However , I am happy to add a Linux installation as well.Any ideas where I can get a newer version of SimCity for Linux ?
 Ive always loved The Original Simcity , and Simcity 2000 . Simcity 3000 Unlimited is based on Simcity 2000 's concept but with new -LRB- better looking -RRB- buildings , a few new disasters , and some new layers of simluation such as garbage , city trade , petitioners , and all that stuff . Great game thou !
 The other ones were great and this one is great.I like new ways how to destroy your city.My friend has it also and he says it is great.It 's really cool with the houses and stuff .
 Best game i 've played in years , a must for any strategy gamer out there . Blows Ground Control out of the water , varied landscapes including ; Cities , deserts , snow filled levels plus many more . Especially love the first person control of the units , i spent all night just running around as a marine sniping the enemy .
 `` Dogs of War '' is a dynamic game with an action/adventure story line based on everything we assume about the future . With the graphics and interface , this game is a `` must have '' for your gaming collection . Superior technology behind a game that I predict will do well in a market of dominating action games . As far as it 's rating it is not any worse than Quake 3 , or Half-Life . So , do n't let that scare you off . Overall grade is a 4.5 , because of the unique game play .
 I bought this game a few days ago . Its been out for a while so I got a good deal and frankly for the price did n't expect much . Let me tell you , the graphics in this game are amazing . The detail is just stunning . The theory of what the game proposes to do in the environment it has is a very tantlizing idea . And for the most part , the game does deliver what it says it will . But ... -LRB- there is always a `` but '' -RRB- My biggest complaint is that the combat moves so fast that its virtually impossible to control very many troops at the same time . All the different types of troops have advantages and disadvantages . And not small ones , some CA N'T engage certain other , some CA N'T do damage to some units , while those units can lay waste to them . So the ability to be able to control each and every unit in battle efficiently is VITAL . But the pace of things are too great to allow that . It also has a tendancy to claim you failed to complete a mission ... just as the mission begins to load -LRB- but this has been nothing more than a minor annoyance -RRB- . Now with all that said , I 'm not giving up . There is always a learning curve . I quite possibly can over come this one . But I 've already gotten -LSB- price -RSB- worth of enjoyment out of this game , which is what I paid for it . So I 'm not disappointed.If you like strategy , first person games , RTS games and you have time to learn this and the patience too . This game is for you -LRB- and for the price , you do n't have much to lose -RRB- .
 This is the latest package of the `` Operational Art of Warfare '' from Norm Koger and Talonsoft . Unlike earlier Norm Koger offerings -LRB- all fantastic -RRB- this one models warfare at a larger overall level , such as a theater level.The game itself is very minutely modeled and complex . It is somewhat difficult to get into as you simply ca n't fire it up and start moving units around . The map interface is full of dozens of controls for micromanaging your forces . There is no `` tutorial '' campaign nor is there a tutorial in the manual , which is not very instructionally written.However , the game itself is very well made once you learn how to play it . After you get past the learning curve , you will find a construction set , quite a few highly detailed included campaigns , and lots more stuff to be downloaded off the internet . The graphics are not over glittery and distracting -LRB- and they have different levels of display options to suit your tastes -RRB- . The resolution phases of combat are highly detailed and modeled , and the AI may not be Napoleon but you 're going to have to work for your victories . And furthermore , since the game sports several multiplayer options , you can face the most difficult adversary of all
 Most wargamers look at a game as an investment . They know that a truly exceptional game will require large amounts of time , and they want the game to be able to hold up its end of the deal . TOAW : CW is no exception . Once installed , you 'll be able to play some of the smaller scenarios immediately -LRB- the US invasion of Grenada is a fun one -RRB- . Once you get used to the incredible level of detail here , such as the combat resolution calculations , you 'll be ready to tackle larger scenarios , such as a civil war in the US - in the year 2008 . The game includes data on units and weapons from about 1880 or so to modern day , so WWI scenarios are included as is a hypothetical invasion of Yugoslavia in 1999 . In fact , there are a number of `` forgotten '' battles -LRB- like Attu Island -RRB- and hypotheticals -LRB- Invasion of Cuba during the missile crisis in 1962 -RRB- , which is quite refreshing.If you 're looking for a wargame to occupy you for several weeks , lots of replayability , and a high degree of accuracy , this is it . There 's a few glitches
 This game would be a bargain at twice the price - why , you ask ? Because almost every cardboard chit and paper map game simulating operational 20th century warfare you would normally shell out 30-50 bucks for is included in this game . Ca n't find the specific battle you want ? Still ca n't find that elusive scenario ? Then break out the books and design it yourself using the game 's scenario editor with its massive equiment database - it 's a lot of fun and you 'll be surprised how much you 'll learn . The game is actually a great learing tool in and of itself - want to find out why Operation Market/Garden turned out the way it did ? Want to find out why the American focus on logistics in WWII was n't really such a bad idea ? This game is not only fun to play , but can be used to supplement more traditional means of learning -LRB- it 's great to read about a battle as you play -RRB- . Every aspect of each battle is carefully rendered - unit organization , logistics , fatigue , air support , interdiction , naval power , morale , weather , terrain , fog of war , random events , nuclear and chemical weapons - this is a game not only for the hobbyist , but for the serious historian . Century of Warfare is a proven game system with numerous players -LRB- and potential email opponents -RRB- world-wide . If you prefer depth of simulation over eye candy , then this is a game for you .
 This game is possbily THE best theatre level computer strategy game ever made . It has a large learning curve , but once you learn its great . Though i warn you , THIS is NOT for beginners . The game requires thought and challenges you . This should be a part of the training for army commanders . If you are into strategy , definitely give this a spin !!
 If you 're a wargamer and still have n't bought any of Norm Koger 's `` The Operational Art of War '' series games then go past the first few installments and pick this one up . Everything in the first two versions is here plus extras . The game comes packed with tons of scenarios from World War I battles to speculative modern day conflicts in Korea . And the scale is eqaully diverse , in the Kasserine Pass you 're commanding companies and battalions over a map that extends 100km at most , in Barbarossa 41 you 're commanding hundreds of divisions in a front stretching from Finland to the Black Sea!The game also comes with a scenario editor which is user friendly and filled with equipment , Koger reaches back into the mid 1870 's and claims the game can be used to recreate battles back to about 1870 , Franco-Prussian war anyone?The only real danger is that you might find this game sucks up an enormous quantity of your time as you play with it!Graphics are pretty much like the old paper maps , hexes -LRB- which can be made invisible but they 're still there -RRB- and square counters . Visually , they are not stunning but they 're functional enough and represent the `` operational '' viewpoint the game takes where you 're a division , corps , theater commander giving orders to your units as opposed to a first person shooter or platoon commander.All in all , if you want a good 20th century strategy game , do n't look any further than here .
 If you played bookcase games by Avalon Hill , SPI , GDW , etc , you will immediately be at home with this computerized version of hex-based and turn-based strategy games . You are already familiar with the lengthy manual concept , and this game is no exception . In fact , most of the game is NOT in the manual , which makes it important for you to get in contact with the community of gamers who play this game -LRB- search for `` toaw forum '' on the net to find them ! -RRB- . There are so many websites dedicated to understanding this game , and it can be so involved that it does n't surprise me some folks are turned off by the complexity.However , most veteran players admit they too were turned off at first by the learning curve - and only those who fought through the manual were able to emerge on the other side to what is undeniably the best operational/strategic computer wargame in existence.This game has a healthy design community , and there are over 500 scenarios available recreating such notable events as Normandy 44 , Barbarossa Campaign at battalion level , Europe 39-46 , Japan 41-45 , as well as scores of tiny battles you never heard of . In short , you can put your whole collection of bookcase games on back on the shelf , because most campaigns depicted in those games are also available as a scenario in this game.There are literally hundreds of players who play-by-email and this is where this game really shines . Playing the PO -LRB- programmed opponent -RRB- is one thing , but pales in comparison to playing against a live , unpredictable human opponent . If for nothing else , the PBEM element of this game makes it a must have for those of us who seldom found live opponents for the carboard games -LRB- or who lacked the table space required of them ! -RRB- . If you can find this game , and if you like hex-based wargaming , you will not be disappointed with this purchase . Especially once you get online and see how many others are out there right now playing against each other . A fitting tribute for a game that is several years old!Just recently -LRB- March 2003 -RRB- a new patch for the game has been released by Norm Koger which includes full support for WindowsXP .
 After playing now-archaic paper and cardboard wargames for years , and now addicted to historical computer gaming , I ordered Operational Art with trepidation . After playing numerous scenarios , this collection is definitely among the best ! The variety of scenarios , ease of introductary play , and potential variations make this a favorite with me . I already play Talonsoft 's Civil War and Napoleonic games , enjoy them mightily , and recommend this set for any gamer interested in adding playable , enjoyable WWI , WWI , and modern wargaming scenarios to their collection.Although , I have the impression the computer `` cheats '' when he 's getting beaten pretty badly , I continue to play some scenarios that I never would have imagined I would be interested in ! After five tries , I continue to search for a winning strategy for the Germans to `` win '' France 1914 . Who would have thought WWI could be so interesting?Try this one . There are so many options , you will find an instant fit . And , you might find some of the esoteric scenarios , like the Balkans 1912 , a future favorite .
 All I can say is WOW !!! If you want realism , here you go . Once you get past the learning curve and have become comfortable with the controls , you wo n't find a more realist wargame out there . I know there are a lot of games that are really good at simulating one or 2 aspects of warfare , but CoW hits all the marks . If you are thinking about getting it , stop thinking and buy it !! You wo n't regret it !!
 Operational Art of War
 OK ! This is for hardcore war gamer . This is not for the beginner or anyone attracted by the box-set . You can spend the rest of your life on this game . Or you will throw it away before you finish the first game you play . Buy it now if you are the former and forget it if you are the latter .
 OK , so it 's not TacOps . But this is operational , baby . Everyone thinks of `` Steel Panthers '' when someone says `` I like old-style wargaming '' . Steel Panthers is great if you like to micromanage . But if you 're into the history and the fluid movements of blitzkrieg and do n't want to just fight Stalingrad but see if you can actually tell your generals `` do n't go to Stalingrad ... go straight to Moscow first and foremost ! '' , then you will love this game . Some of the scenarios developed are phenomenal . You can play the entire WWI and WWII on an operational level if you want . It 's slow , but people do it . They literally spend years playing each other via Play-by-Email . If all you 've ever played are RTS , then step up to the bigboys and see what REAL strategy is all about . It 's in your head , not in your how quick you can twitch 'n' jerk the joystick .
 This has been the most challenging strategy games I played so far . For human player side , its weight on logistics and balance between the overall control vs. local concentration , and tradeoff between occupation of strategic locations -LRB- either defined by the score or simply indeed by the battle condition -RRB- vs. destruction of enemy forces -LRB- / conservation of friendly forces -RRB- -- is very well designed and applausible . The only setback I felt is the AI of my computer opponent
 Played all versions of this game , hard core gamer for many years , even now on win XP I still have e mail games going ! SUre , you can argue about flaws in the game or debate the database , but go the web -LRB- wargammer.com -RRB- to find 100 's of scenero 's to play . I have not touch a board game in so long , Century of war has replace them - with no cat to knock counters over!Yes , this game works on XP pro without problem - go get it!MGL
 For those who like serious military strategy games this is the one for you . I have played numerous titles and to date , have found this one to be the best .
 This game really does have it all . If you are a hardcore strategy gamer , you simply can not get anything better then this
 This title combines all of previous `` The Operational Art of War '' titles into one box.This means it includes scenarios spanning the entire 20th century as well as future scenarios.This game can be daunting in learning how to effectively command your units , but starting with the smaller scenarios will help get you up to speed .
 That you bought and never got to play because none of your friends could understand why it would be fun to spend 20-30 hours refighting the breakout from St. Lo . TOAW brings back the strategy of turn-based games as opposed to whack-a-mole stuff like C&C . Not for everyone ; as Steven Wright said , `` One mile equals one mile '' when you play this game . Defend the Korean peninsula and you 'll feel like you spent three years playing the scenario . But if you remember those Avalon Hill wargames , this is definitely for you .
 An excellent game that details the operational art of war . A bit hard to get used to when you come from the Doom generation , but after a while it becomes intuitive . Go out and wargame !
 This set is an excellent buy and I wish it were around when I purchased East Front , its expansion pack and West Front , all individually . The games are at a platoon level and offer both set scenarios or campaigns to play . These are basically set around obtaining objectives or holding them . You will get to control infantry , tanks , artillery and sometimes able to call up air support . I especially enjoy using the mighty Tiger tanks with their deadly 88mm . I have spent many an hour of enjoyment with these games and thoroughly recommend them .
 This is the combo worth the money , two big titles plus expansions ! Costs just as much as they do individually yet has the two biggest titles given out by Talonsoft .
 It is a must-buy for a war game player . Also , you can get the feeling on what a war really is . With the cost of a single original pack , now you can get five together .
 Europe in Flame is cheaper as East Front II alone -LRB- and you get West Front + expansion packs for free -RRB- . However you might want to look at World at War
 HAVE BEEN PLAYING THESE GAMES FOR MANY YEARS . I NEVER GET TIRED OF THEM . THE FACT THAT YOU CAN EDIT SCENARIOS IN ANY SHAPE AND FORM YOU WANT TO MAKES FOR THESE GAMES TO ALWAYS BE CHALLENGIN IN A NEW WAY EVERY TIME . WILL PLAY WITH WINDOWS 7 , UNLIKE MANY OTHER OLDER GAMES .
 very good service , fast delivery , good shape , gave as agift to my mother , she loves it , would order from again if needed to , very satisfied .
 The front panel of the case is molded EVA , and provides a sturdy padded frame for the GBA to nest in . It fits very nicely . Instruction manuals also fit well into the same pocket as the GBA unit . The back panel has an elastic mesh pocket that can easily hold a half dozen or so GBA game cartridges . To keep it fairly compact , there is n't much room for extra items such as batteries , worm light , game link , etc , but this does n't bother me much at all . I like to keep it simple -LRB- and batteries do n't need to be changed that frequently -RRB- . I recommend this case to get you through the day , not to try and stow all of your gear . For that , you 'll need something a bit larger , and less portable .
 THis case is so helpful for the Advanced system .
 Angie 's Vogue Jewelry was very fast in getting this system to me as I would recommend them to anyone wanting to do business with them .
 the sega game gear is a fun system to play but there are some flawsPros - good game library - the graphics are good for the time on a handheld - controls are pretty goodcons - can be hard to see sometimes - takes 6 batteries -LRB- but can use ac adapter -RRB- but despite these flaws i personally like this system and i think it really stands up to the game boy in someways
 I 've had a game gear since the 90 's and it just recently broke . I bought this one and was amazingly suprized by the widened varieties of games still available from Amazon , Ebay , ect ... It is the most fun with a portable gaming system that I 've had in years . I actually like this better than my PSP Go . The only bad thing is that it eats batteries like there 's no tomorrow . 3-5 hours of battery life . I think I 'll stick with this over any other modern gaming system any day .
 The Sega Game Gear , which launched in 1990 , was DEFINITELY not a portable . The thing was friggin ' huge , almost twice the size of the Nintendo Gameboy . The only other problem with it is the battery life ; 2-3 hours on 6 AA batteries . The software library was huge , with games like Sonic the Hedgehog , Mortal Kombat , Shinobi , and many more . It also had an LCD color screen that does fade a bit over 20 years of Gameplay .
 Both handhelds have good qualities ; the Gameboy had a longer battery life , used less batteries , had a massive selection of titles , and was smaller and easier to carry . But one of the big problems , it was in black and white and did n't have a backlit screen . This proved difficult to play while on long car rides in the back seat at night.The Game Gear had great titles , a backlit screen , color display and great sound . But , the sound only lasted so long . The capacitors were weak , and after a few years of play would burn up . The screen although color , would generate horozontal lines around the same time the sound would cut out . Another problem too , is that the screen would start to fade , even though it had a lighting adjustment on the side.Needless to say , both handhelds were great , reasonably priced and had more than enough games to keep one occupied . If I had a choice between the two , I would go with a Game Gear . With a little tender love and care , the system will last a lifetime . Even if you have to open it up and replace the faulty parts , which is quite easy with the right tools.If you get the chance to pick one of these up for a reasonable price , grab it . You wo n't regret it .
 I was so delighted to be able to purchase this system . I have owned several of the Sega Game Gear systems and they all broke over time . I wish that I could get my old one repaired , but do not know what to do . This is a fun system and is big enough so that I can see it without a lot of trouble . Somewhere down the line I would like to purchase another Sega . I have a lot of games for this system that I enjoy .
 This handheld is by far worth the price . Mine was shipped fast and and perfect working order . Mine came with a wall adapter and two games.Pros : Very DurableComfortable in your hands.Color ScreenNice GraphicsNice Sound QualityImpressive Game SelectionCan be played via wall adapterCons : Slightly BulkyTakes 6 AA BatteriesOverall Amazing Piece to have in any Gamers collection .
 If you like old video game systems then buy it . The screen is ok , the games are fun , but you need alot of batteries .
 the old game gear the game gear its hard to hard a good one mostly there something wrong with like the one i got you can t hear the music without head phones but its still cool
 the game gear is alright . it 's underated and does n't get the respect it desrves . remember this went up agais n't the Gameboy and lived to tell about it . that 's a feat right there . it has a few issues like the dimness of the screen and the low batteries life , but with games like sonic and mortal kombat , it 's not totally a wast . the tv turner great , IF YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MODLE . this agrivates me because some game gears do n't work with it . think this buy over carfully .
 -LRB- by the way im 14 -RRB- the gamegear was extremely good for 1991 , better than the nintendo game boy as far as color and sound . but because of the lack of technoligy at the time , there were many minor and severe problems . the size of it was bulky , hard to take around , but the gameboy had a small size , easy to take around . the gamegear took 6 AA batteries , and ran out in 5 hours of gameplay , which was totally unacceptible , but the gameboy used 4 AA batteries and lasted much longer . However , the gameboy had a black and white screen , its battery life was much better . So its a great system as far as graphics for its time , but had a problem with the use of batteris . If sega took their time as did Nintendo and made their system a little less futuristic , then the gamegear would have done better . its a fantastic system and i suggest it to anyone who likes video games on the go . GET SONIC THE HEDGEHOG ITS AWESOME AND MORTAL KOMBAT IS COOL ALSO . just be assured that the sonic games on gamegear are not nearly as fun as the genesis versions , but are still cool .
 this is the best handheld game besides psp , of course.i ordered my gamegear , got it within 2 business days and couldnt be happier.its just how it was described , impeccable.it came with one game sonic 2 . one of my favorites.it works great , the seller even sent it to me with batteries.WHAT A GUY !
 I 'm not going to write a review that tells you that game gear is better than game boy or sega is better than nintendo . Truth is , both systems have good qualities . I think both systems bring memorable stories to a conversation at any given time . Does one remember the game gear or the game boy when playing games in the dark ? -LRB- okay , bad example ... -RRB- Does one remember game gear or the game boy when constantly asking your dad to pull over and buy some AA batteries at the next gas station on a family trip up north ? -LRB- okay , another bad example ... -RRB- Does one remember the sega master system or the NES when trying to find the right combination of passageways in the castle in the very , very last stage of Super Mario Bros. 3 ? -LRB- okay , really bad example -RRB- . What one often remembers is the cheap game rental prices , saving up pennies , looking for change even in the streets just to rent that last copy of mega man 3 for 99 cents from blockbuster -LRB- man , even that last part sounds weird ; where did that store go ? -RRB- . Or how about the cumbersome process it was to put that itty bitty game gear cartridge into that big behemoth game genie that was designed for it , then repeat the process with another game in the same sitting ? I suppose it 's the struggles we endured with these systems we remember more than the victories -LRB- i.e. , beating super mario 2 for NES for the first time , or making that stupid glider thing fly long enough to cross sonic from that one cliff to another in Sonic 2 for game gear -RRB- . Struggles like , will I cry or scream if my little sister trips and knocks out the power chord for the super nintendo when I 'm on the last level of Doom ? Struggles like , how can one love sega and nintendo at the same time ? I shall share you a few choice secrets ... one can . In fact , I came up with a little mod that helps make both systems interchageable -LRB- not trying to take credit here , i 'm sure someone out there has already figured this out -RRB- . One simply needs four things . One
 The game gear came ahead of schedule , was packed very well and in great condition . More attachments came with it than I expected for a very reasonable price . Would definitely go with this dealer again .
 This was a great color gaming system that broght the fun of most of the games of sega 's genisis to a pocket version . The color graphics blew away any of it 's competition at the time -LRB- except for the 16bit atari lynx system , highly overlooked -RRB- , and should have layed waiste to the gameboy , except for the marketing and pricing . It is tough to believe that the survivor from this time period was the gameboy . This is family friendly , still readily available and with many titles in most used gaming stores . Very well worth looking at and buying for younger kids that may not be ready for a PSP . This has a few more maturer games for the pre-teens as well , so they can continue to devlop their interests beyond bubble bobble and kirby -LRB- even though bubble bobble is excellet , a classic -RRB- . Worth looking at .
 All of these other reviews are comparing game gear to gameboy , which isnt how a review should be . The game gear is essentially a portable master system . Although the size of the game gear is not very portable , it doesnt require a tv or other equipment . The battery life is bad , So what plug it into the wall . The games are great , sonic sonic 2 , sonic triple trouble , sonic chaos , mortal kombat , mortal kombat 2 , pac man , ms. pac man , streets of rage etc. plus youre playing on a full screen with tons of color , you can even play in the dark . While playing your hands are comfortable because of the width of the system . Do n't forget the amazing sounds ! buy this system , at these prices you should be asking yourself why you do n't already have one .
 NOTE
 This is a system that was ahead of its time . Nitendo 's success of the late 80 's was something all game companies scrabled to get in on . Sega failed with the Mastersystem , but gained ground with the genisis . Nintendo came out with the Gameboy , black and white , but portable , and nintendo expanded their power . Sega fought back with this , The game gear , a color portable system . Far superior to the game boy , which acutally took about another 5 years to even get a color version out , Game gear delivered quality graphic . Unfortunately , it was a little more expensive , and the marketing was less than the jaugernaut of nitendo . Many of the game companies made deals for their best games with nintendo , but this system did ok , and does have a good number of games available for it . I liked this system , and many games are avaiable now used online and at game stores . A good system , even by todays standard . The only system that preceeded this one with color , The atari Lynx ... A very overlooked system . Anyway , now resonably price for a fun system . .
 Game gear came as explained . I was very happy to see it was in great shape on the outside and worked w no problem . It arrived a few days before arrival date so that was a plus . Will be a birthday gift for my soon to be 10 yr old son . Hes gon na love it ! Thanx !
 Had this when I was a kid , so I decided to purchase it once more . I own a lot of idevices , but the game gear you ca n't beat . Since its now cheap and with the games also cheap , it 's easy to relive the games you once played on the old system . Yea it takes 6 AA batteries , just get rechargable ones . It may not be the IPhone/IPad , but if your a collector/retro gamer , this is for you . It 's big , bulky , eats up batteries very fast , but playing Sonic and Streets of Rage outweighs these the problems . I bought one to relive the old games , and to keep the game gear around when it 's does start to get harder to find.So if your a collector or retro gamer , and a Sega guy , this is for you . Be quick to get them , before they all disappear
 i love sega and everything they have done with themselves including the genesis ive had two of those things and i played the hell outta them when i was a kid ... the game gear is awesome dont get me wrong but the batteries die so quickly my god i put mine in yesterday and they died today wth ? but i love it and its all good
 The Sega Game Gear is an awesome hand held with a lot of games . A backlit color screen -LRB- something gameboy did n't have at the time -RRB- And some pretty neat accessories . However there are only 2 that I have , and hence I am going to recommend.The 1st one is the Gear Master , It allows you to play ALL Sega Master System games , Witch Expands the GG 's library to a respectable amount!The 2nd one is the T.V. tuner , It 's possibly the coolest thing made for the GG , Unfortunately , The T.V. Tuner will be for sentimental value only as T.V. is going digital only soon : ' -LRB- There are a few things stopping it from getting a overall 5 Star and here they are :1 . The thing takes 6 -LRB- yes 6 -RRB- AA batteries , this can make for a hefty system , the worst part is that it eats them in 4-6 hours ! 2 . Weak capacitors , this is noticed by little , or weak sound form the speaker , they are easy to replace but still . .3 . 2 Different models , one works with the t.v. tuner , one does n'tEven tho , those are my reasons why the GG is n't a 5 star , it still get a 5 star for F U N . If you do n't have one you should definitely pick one up !
 Love this gaming device !! Works Great !! Decent graphics for a 19 year old 8-bit first generation color backlit portable handheld gaming device !! This was the precursor to Nintendo 's Gameboy Color and of course the &#34; game changer &#34; ... no pun intended , Sony 's PSP . Just remember if you buy a Game Gear gaming system to play these game on , purchase 6 rechargeable batteries !! This thing &#34; eats &#34; alkiline battles for breakfast !!
 Aside from the horrifically bad screen , this is a really great handheld system with a good library of games ! You may have to adjust the brightness and way you hold it to actually see what 's going on , but my seller already warned about that so it would be unfair to deduct stars for that . FIVE stars for a great system . : D
 The Game Boy was a pretty awesome handheld system . It took what made the Nintendo Entertainment System so great , and carried it on the go . However , if there was one thing that seemed laughable at first , it was the lack of color . The Game Boy 's screen was all monochrome . However , the guys at SEGA decided to fix that by facing Nintendo on the road with the Game Gear.The Game Gear is a full-color handheld featuring a large library of games , from originals to handheld versions of console games . Want to play portable Sonic ? There 's fresh takes on Sonics 1 & 2 , as well as new titles such as Sonic Chaos , Sonic Triple Trouble , and Sonic Blast . The system hosts a colorful library of many classic franchises , such as...-Double Dragon-Mortal Kombat-Mega Man-Battletoads-Ninja Gaiden-Shinobi-Super Off-Road-Smash TVAnd SOOOO much more!However , although the amount of fun games on there is decent , the system itself has a couple of major flaws . For one thing , it takes 6 batteries compared to the Game Boy 's 4 , and it dies out within a couple hours , so you always need an AC Adapter for it . Plus , while the game library is good , it kinda lacks the extra spark the Game Boy had when it came to third-party titles . Capcom made Mega Mans 1 through 5 on there ! Konami made quality Castlevania , Contra , and TMNT games!Nevertheless , the Game Gear is definitely worth a look .
 Welcome to Episode 4 of Chris 's Game Reviews . NFL Fever 2002 blew us away , so 2003 will ... us all . It has new features , too.It has all-new fantasy teams , old dynasties , and new game features , too . There is now lightning in the rainy games . There are also a few new stadiums , too . But the best thing is the dynasty ! It now has a selectable quarter length . In a few issues of Xbox Magazine people were asking that question alot . Well , it has finally been answered and we can all go home now ! My next review will be about DOA Xtreme Beach Volleyball ! Bikinis or no ?
 this game , unlike nfl 2k3 , was very easy to get into , offering extensive practice opportunities and easy interfaces . all of the cool moves are there -- it 's just a great game . i 've never been a big fan of football video games , but this one 's got me up late playing every night .
 Fever did n't improve on graphics very much . For the most part , the game looks the same as 2002 . The random replays , however , did improve and look great . One really annoying thing that was added is fake looking camera flashes that continually go off throughout the crowd during the game . NOT NECESSARY ! Something else I did n't like was the dumping of level headed announcer Dick Stockon for some guy thats as annoying as Ron Pitts . There 's no balance in the broadcast booth . I wish , I wish , I wish I would 've at least rented SEGA 2K3 .
 I loved Fever 2002 . Would this be an improvement ? Graphics and motion capture are gretly improved -LRB- I love the breaking tackles that 's been added -RRB- . The game is a lot less `` arcade-like '' . It plays a bit slower and the AI is greatly improved . The controller -LRB- same one I 've always used -RRB- is a bit `` tighter '' , meaning that the sensitivity/trigger levels , and corresponding system have beenI used to run through seasons undefeated in `` Veteran '' mode in 2002 . Now I 'm just 4-2-1 so far in my first 2003 season.Lot 's of little improvements , more audibles , hot routes , post game + / - player level changes , 5 , 10 or 15 min quarters in dynasty mode.I do n't love the color changes on the GUI though , it is a little too easy to pick the wrong selection , but it is cool-ugly !
 This game is the best . In practice mode you can go through drills -LRB- running throwing , takling , kicking -RRB- , get tip on how to make your game better , or play a practice game . In single game mode you choose what team you want to be also they have the teams old jersey . In season mode there is dynasty and clasic challenge . In dynasty you chose you team and play a regular season and if you 're good enough to the super bowl . At the end of a season you draft players reassign players . In clasic challenge you play legendary teams such as the 1978 Pittsburgh Steelers , when you beat them you can use them in single game mode . You can create players , start a player profial , change controls and make your on plays !! cool !! . The graphics are great and the commentary is n't repetitive . I would realy recomend this game to all football gamers .
 I did alot of contemplateing about what new football game to get and i ended up choosing this one , and glad i did . The graphics are good and the game play is pretty good too . Although the tackling characters in this game are all the same . But why nitpick if the game is fun . I think its worth the money . I have nothing to really bad to say about it accept the the second anouncer gets really anouying , if you have played this game you know what im talking about . This game is sweet .
 With all the high quality football games on the market , there 's really only one final determining factor for your purchase
 When I purchased NFL Fever 2003 , it was the first Microsoft-designed football game I had ever bought . I had formerly used Madden and NCAA games . This game is not exactly what I 'd call a `` great '' game , but it does have some distinguishing qualities as well as disadvantages , and upsets . The graphics are excellent , the surrounding stadium and field look photographed , and the sidelines look as though you were in a real stadium , standing there . However , the player 's faces are very detailed , but none of them are choreographed to look like the real players ! There are about 5 or 6 different faces , and they 're all used over and over again . For instance , Jerry Rice looks exactly like Charles Woodson ! The quater-backs on opposite teams may have the same face ! The best hing about this game , is the replay . You can see all of the action over and over , even in slow motion ! I like how you can move the camera all around the field , seeing where everyone was , etc. . The camera movements look like something out of the Matrix or something.Now we come to that inevitable subject of voice acting . There are about 10 phrases that the announcers use over and over and over again . If a play is from a rush to a 50-yard catch , you might hear '' What a nice play '' , or if you kick the ball say 7 times during your game , 5 out of the 7 times you 'll hear either `` He got all on that one '' or `` Not a good kick at all '' . It gets annoying that you 've been playing for 45 minutes , and you 've heard two people say the same thing 50 times ! Well , enough with that . To the gameplay we go!The controls are fairly simple , a button to pass , select , right thumbstick to move , left to look around . A button for audibles , and of course , the selection tables . I will give Microsoft this . The plays are HUGE ! I am talking all of the plays known to the NFL ! There are plays for every situation , from about 30 different blitzes , to nearly 100 passes , to about 20 or so rushes , to nearly 100 different defensive plays ! I will say that this game has the most expansive playbook I have ever seen in a game . I know Madden has a lot , but this at least doubles it . So far , I give the game 3 stars , but now we must move onto levels , and challenges.The levels are fairly simple to understand , you can practice , play a single game agsinst the console , or a friend , or choose to run a dynasty ! I like how you can make up , and choose dream players . My favorite aspect of the play , is the classic challenge . In this part , you get to face 7 of the all-time best teams in the league , dating back to the 60 's and 70 's . You get one game , and for each team you beat , they are available for use in the single game . I like how they chose the teams , for they are some of the greatest teams , but I do n't sgree with all of the choices . I do n't want to give away what teams you get to play , but they are challenging.So , leave you now , and you can probably find out through my review why I gave it 4 stars . The gameplay is good , graphics , yes and no ; BUT THIS IS A RENTER FIRST ! If you want a new football game , try this one out . It delivers a solid challenge , and some unique XBOX traits . BUT , IF YOU DO WANT A SURE-FIRE GAME , GET MADDEN 2003 !
 First off , I 'm a huge EA Sports Fan , and have been playing Madden since way back in the day . I just bought my X-Box , and wanted the best football game to start things off . Trust me , I do n't buy with haste , and these past few weeks , I 've been collecting material on all three of the biggie football titles on X-Box -LRB- Fever , Madden , NFL2K -RRB- , and trying to decide ... Well , I just played my first full game , of Fever 2003 , and I really had nothing to complain about . The graphics are very crisp , and clear , and there is a very good amount of detail , although the players faces do tend to be generic looking.The sound -LRB- I have surround dolby 5.1 -RRB- was realistic to the sport , and it was fun to hear slightly muted sounds of the opposing team yelling out taunts to you . The announcers worked well , and I was pleased with the commentary , although at some points it does get repetative.The gameplay , which is the biggie , worked well . There was good responce from the controller , and the timing is right on . If you have played Fever 2002 , it is very similar , with a few minor upgrades ... all in all , It 's a fun time , and if you 're not into the very technical Madden , this is a fun game to own.At this time , Madden 2003 is yet to be released ... I 'm going to rent it , and if it 's better , you better believe I 'm returning Fever for it ... on a side note , NCAA 2003 is a fab football game too , if you dig the college scene .
 Finally a game that has the nice graphics WITH the realistic game speed . PLaying at the rookie level makes it easy , but if you just turn it up to Veteran level , then the computer opponents are significantly tougher . This game will also be great for online playing when Xbox Live goes live in November . Now I ca n't wait to see how Madden 2003 and Sega NFL 2K3 has responded to the challenge from NFL Fever 2003 . Football on Xbox has never been this good , and I hope Madden and 2K3 also has taken advantage of Xbox 's capabilities .
 I bought NFL Fever 2003 for my Xbox because I wanted to be able to play it on Xbox Live , the new internet gaming service . I had played it a few times with my friends and I found it quite fun , so I got it . After playing it more and more , I have found certain flaws in the gameplay . These include interceptions and dropped passes when it seems impossible or an easy catch , certain plays that work every single time no matter what . I am not someone that is very interested in the stats and building a team from scratch . I think this game would be good for people like that , because of the Dynasty mode , where one can trade players , make their own plays and even make their own players . For someone not looking for a perfect or totally realistic football game , Nfl Fever is a great choice . Also , for online gamers , looking for a football game , this is one many people have and is good online . I would not reccomend it to anyone that gets frustrated easily when things happen that should not happen , or it seems like the computer always gets the call , or the pass caught or whatever it may be . Overall a fun game , but not perfect .
 the only real difference in NFL Fever 2003 is the updated lineups , the addition of the Houston Texans , and the additions of new music and towels on the players , but other than that , not much else changed.game play is still good , and Fever is the kind of game you should get if you want to just have some fun . if you want more serious NFL play , then go after Madden.Fever is todays Tecmo Bowl . simple and easy to play . still a good game . ca n't wait for Fever 2004 .
 I hesitated to buy this game due to some poor reviews that I 'd read online . In fact , I bought Madden and NFL 2K3 , in that order , before finally buying NFL Fever at the great price . After playing for about an hour and getting used to pressing the NFL Fever specific buttons , I 've determined that this is the most realistic football game that you 're going to get . NFL Fever '02 was my favorite simply because of the way that they programmed the running game . You ca n't beat it . Madden 's running game does n't even really exist even though they 've sped it up a tad - you CAN NOT get a running back around end without getting stuffed ; NFL 2K3 is close but closer to Madden than it is to Fever . The graphics in Fever are unbeatable although 2K3 comes close . As a graphic artist by trade , this element is VERY important to me . While subjective , Fever still gets the nod in this category as well . Sure , there are small things that I would change but for a total package , buying Fever was a the best of the three . Final rating -LRB- in order -RRB-
 When you decide to plunk down your money on a football game for the XBox , give this one serious consideration . I have read some of the criticisms of this game and I will address that , but the bottom line is that this is an incredibly fun game that looks flat out amazing . Competing with `` the franchise '' -LRB- as I like to call Madden -RRB- is tough in that Madden has had more than a decade to evolve . Thus , little nuances like gang tackles and a wide variety of tackling graphics are missing from NFL Fever 2003 . However , Madden is no where close when it comes to the look of the players and the overall beauty of the game . More over , NFL Fever 2003 has as extensive a dynasty option as I have seen . You can build a huge play book of your own plays . You have drafts , free agent negotiations , salary cap and roster management issues , etc. . And the online gaming option is very cool as well . The other criticism I hear is in regard to the defense . It is true that you will get scored on in this game , if you use the stock defensive plays . But what game in the history of arcade football has had a strong defense ??? This is always a problem for games , and part of that is the fun factor . It is no fun playing a 9 to 3 field goal fest . I personally want to throw the deep ball or bust through a stack of defenders for a big run . That is fun . This is a great game . Give it a shot .
 this game is the coolest football video game ever
 First of all , this game has the best graphics you could imagine.Second , Madden and any other football game out there SUCKS!And third , let 's get this review going !! Okay , Fever rules bacause of all the options you could get and the gameplay . Making up players is great ! You could choose from 4 skin colors , and up to 7 faces . the players are just as good as the are in real life.Such as Samuri Rolle on the Titans . he ca n't break tackles in real life and he ca n't in the game . the stadiums are unbelievable ! ... Giants stadium is EXACTLY like it is in Fever . Everything rules , nothing sucks Fever is undefetable ! ...
 ok ill admit it . i never played 2k3 ive heard about it though . Everyone compares madden and 2k3 as if fever isnt even in the same league as them . Well its true ... fever is better . The graphics are amazing and sounds are great too . Ive heard the announcers say the same thing but ive had the game for 2 months now they have A LOT to say . in franchise mode your players either get better , worse , or stay the same after every game which is one thing i dont like . it is very unrealistic because i dont think your going to be that much better after just one game . Controlling in this game is great . Another thing i DONT like is that i dont think randy moss is going to get caught from behind by say ... Todd lyght after hes already broken away . oh well this games replays are awesome as with the rest of the game so get this one its worth it .
 ok ill admit it . i never played 2k3 ive heard about it though . Everyone compares madden and 2k3 as if fever isnt even in the same league as them . Well its true ... fever is better . The graphics are amazing and sounds are great too . Ive heard the announcers say the same thing but ive had the game for 2 months now they have A LOT to say . in franchise mode your players either get better , worse , or stay the same after every game which is one thing i dont like . it is very unrealistic because i dont think your going to be that much better after just one game . Controlling in this game is great . Another thing i DONT like is that i dont think randy moss is going to get caught from behind by say ... Todd lyght after hes already breaken away . oh well this games replays are awesome as with the rest of the game so get this one its worth it .
 I really enjoyed this game . This is my first ever console sports purchase.The graphics are superb . The grass looks so real you can smell it . The fabric on uniforms have texture and I 'll swear that the eyes move . Game play was simple enough ; I do n't know too much about football , but even I could understand it well enough.The only problem I had was the inability to cut back on interceptions . I think that they should have a downloadable patch for this game so that the interceptions are cut WAY back . Playing against my wife , we had one game in which there were around 20 interceptions -LRB- which gets maddening at times -RRB- . Before you start thinking that we 're just bad players , the same thing happens against the computer.On the other hand , it is a beautifully rendered game with lots of extras and a nice design scheme . Definitely worth the purchase .
 This game is almost the same as nfl fever 2002 but better . Better graphics and I like the new breaktackles . Because on nfl fever 2002 to breaktackles you had to do finnese moves to break a tackle . I also like it that you can create a team and get old nfl teams . It 's great also because they have the new rosters which is awesome . I especially like the way the season is you get to play up to 35 seasons in dynasty .
 As my title say , Fever is one of the most realistic football games out there , in matter of fact , it is the most real . The graphics on Fever are the best graphics you will see on any football game . Some people say , Fever looks funny . The only reason it looks funny because no other football game was able to or wanted to take the graphics to the next level . Fever graphic and gameplay is not similar to Madden or Sega graphics and gameplay . Fever 's different so people just start spreading rumors that Fever looks to funny . First let 's talk about Madden . Madden has good graphic so do n't get me wrong but you know what . It is a cartoon , it really resembles cartoon that are in a game playing -LRB- Fever looks more like human beings playing -RRB- . Sega graphics are good also just it 's graphics are more blocky and players look as if they are skating -LRB- Fever feels real and smooth graphics and players are running not skating -RRB- . Fever 's game play is more realistic except one downfall . Fever 's tackles are more like arcade instead of simulate tackles . If fever tackles become more like Madden or Sega than it 's going to set it off . The AI is good on fever better than Sega . When I play pro on sega I am always winning 71-3 or something like that . On Fever , the computer has a chance if it 's a good team . On sega it does n't matter because I was the browns and beat rams 45-14 . Madden the AI is good also . So for all you haters , Fever is the best football game there is on XBOX .
 Being a gamer , I was excited about Fever 2003 . However , as soon as I put in in my console , I noticed something was wrong . It continued to freeze and was very slow . The X-box was clearly having a difficult time reading the disc . I returned it after 1 hour of aggrevation to Toys R US and got another one . When I got this one , the game appeared alright at first . However , after the firts quarter , it began to freeze and do all of the asme things . I called Microsft and they suggested removing stored info from my hard-drive , but there was none . So I returned it , and Got Madden ' 03 . Works fine and a great game . If anyone else experiences these problems , please post and contact Microsoft , as Fever '02 was great .
 This game is almost the same as nfl fever 2002 but better . Better graphics and I like the new breaktackles . Because on nfl fever 2002 to breaktackles you had to do finnese moves to break a tackle . I also like it that you can create a team and get old nfl teams . It 's great also because they have the new rosters which is awesome . I especially like the way the season is you get to play up to 35 seasons in dynasty .
 Best game ever so good graphics
 Just a little background , I have played the 2k series since DC , the Madden series for the past 2 years , and this year decided to check out Fever.First off the graphics are very impressive ! Smooth animations , not as many animations as Madden , but none the less enough to get the job done . You got swim moves , dekes , spin moves , show boating , diving catches . . you know all the basic catch , throw , tackling animations needed are there . Not as much variety in those animations as Madden , like my favorite the popping off of the helmet when you deliver a big hit , but the necessary ones are there . Decent detail in players , unlike last year when receivers and QB 's looked like linemen , they fixed that up this year.Graphics :4.5 Now after playing Madden for so long , it took awhile to get used to the Fever controls . This is probably why so many other people dislike the game is it takes some time to get used to the controls . I 've lost many games by pressing the wrong button to tackle or throw to the wrong receiver . Very frustrating ! The speed of the game is also fast when compared to Madden . I 'd have to compare it too NFL2k series speed . So in Madden where you can actually see the holes open up , It happens a little faster in Fever and closes just as fast . The controls are responsive but do take awhile to get used to , especially if you 've been playing other football games . One thing I do n't like is only certain plays have motion ... I like to use motion in all my plays to see what the D is playing or exploiting mismatches . . but thats just me . The AI of the game is pretty tough . I think that the gap between rookie and veteran is big . I kill in Rookie but get killed in Veteran , well sort of . The DB 's are pretty tough to beat deep . You get the occasional big play , but not as many as I get in Madden . It seems if the DB is anywhere near your receiver it 's gon na get deflected , even if you have a great receiver . . I think Microsoft left out the idea that superstars make big plays from time to time regardless who 's covering.Gameplay
 This is without a doubt if not equal , BETTER then any Madden football game I have ever played . Create your own players , do seasons with the same team , watch your favorite players retire and sign free agents . Did I mention this game is going LIVE in November when Xbox goes online . You can start your own team profile while the computer keeps track of stats , player fatigue , contracts signed with players and win/loses you have had since you 've gone online . Graphics ? Well let me put it this way . . It will start to drizzle then poor ... It will start to flurry then SNOW !! thick SNOW !! -LRB- Slip , Slide and fumble -RRB- Grass will tear up & become mud . . players will get muddy etc. etc. . < BR ... If you own a Xbox . . This is a `` HAVE TO OWN GAME ! ! ''
 I 'll admit I do not own an Xbox . However , my neighbor does and I find myself venturing over to his house once or twice a week to either play Halo or some other exclusive Xbox game.Well , NFL Fever 2003 is an excellent Xbox exclusive . This game rocks ! I only gave it a four because I did not get a chance to check out all of its features.What makes this game so good is the realism of actually watching an NFL game but your actually in it . Let me give you an example of how real it is.I chose the Oakland Raiders -LRB- Away -RRB- and my neighbor chose the Pittsburg Steelers at home . On one play I was on the Steelers 30 yd . line , 2nd down , and picked a single back lineup . I made Rich Gannon pitch the ball to Tyrone Wheatley and starting to run to the outside left when he was hit by a Steeler and freakin ' fumbled the damn ball . My neighbor ended up running the ball 55 yds . before one of my players triped up his player.Is that real or what ! Tyrone -LRB- the fumbler -RRB- Wheatley in action . Just as if it were Sunday on TV in real life . I 'm telling you , they have this game up to par with all the stats that the NFL has today!If you have an Xbox , this is a `` Must Get Game . '' No doubt about it !
 Why are most people , ... , overlooking this game ? ... I had read so many reviews of Madden 2002 , that after buying my Xbox a few months ago , I simply ran out and got Madden 2003 when it became available . I was disappointed from the start ! The Madden game looked as bad as my friends PS2 's game and not anywhere near the highest quality games for Xbox like Halo and Project Gotham . Then I heard about NFL Fever 2003 , I purchased it and played both side by side for almost two weeks . After many hours , and after showing off both games to several friends side by side , there were NONE of use who felt Madden had better graphics OR better gameplay ! NFL Fever 2003 has stunning graphics and a more realistic feel . I have not owned a video game system in quite a while , and I am not `` loyal '' to either of these game titles , I am simply an avid football fan who wanted the best possible game for the Xbox , and NFL Fever 2003 is it by a landslide !!
 This game really rocks ! The graphics are the best . The dynasty mode is really cool . Starting a team from scratch is awesome ! The gameplay , handeling , plays , and managing teams is also very well made . This game is a lot better than Madden 2003 . I highly recommend buying this game .
 What can I say it is a nice sequel to the 2002 version . I 've played the heck out of the 2002 one , even more than Halo or any other games . I love the Dynasty mode and the offseason almost as much as I do playing the games . I 've spent hours getting the best players that I can while staying under the salary cap and I really enjoy watching the players career stats build up over the seasons to form NFL records for single game , season , team , and career . Who will become a hall of famer and who wo n't ? Good graphics , sound , and playability . I like the ability to design your own plays , change who starts , and all kinds of other stuff.If you have the 2002 version then that may be all you need , but for the price its at now , buy it and play it .
 First thought : `` better than madden ! '' NFL Fever 2003 delivers the hard hits and great plays , plus hard-core realism and online competion that lets yougo head to head or build a team to take on the world ! Whether you like like the power and control of an NFL general manager or the shudder of knocking an opponent into next week , from draft day to the superbowl , this is your game . Take yourself deep in the NFL with all aspects of team managment at your command , cutting-edge gameplay offers seamless control of the NFL world!Test your limits as new tougher AI shuts down your passing game . Take on the greatest teams in football history with the classic challenge and dynasty superbowl challenge , play online for world domination as you battle it out for the top spot . Do n't miss the smooth slick graphics , and in your-face player reaction and captured moves and expretions ! NFL Fever 2003 is better than madden , and is a must have for any football fan !
 I hesitated to buy this game due to some poor reviews that I 'd read online . In fact , I bought Madden and NFL 2K3 , in that order , before finally buying NFL Fever at the great price ... . After playing for about an hour and getting used to pressing the NFL Fever specific buttons , I 've determined that this is the most realistic football game that you 're going to get . NFL Fever '02 was my favorite simply because of the way that they programmed the running game . You ca n't beat it . Madden 's running game does n't even really exist even though they 've sped it up a tad - you CAN NOT get a running back around end without getting stuffed ; NFL 2K3 is close but closer to Madden than it is to Fever . The graphics in Fever are unbeatable although 2K3 comes close . As a graphic artist by trade , this element is VERY important to me . While subjective , Fever still gets the nod in this category as well . Sure , there are small things that I would change but for a total package , and at -LSB- $ $ -RSB- , buying Fever was a the best of the three . Final rating -LRB- in order -RRB-
 I have Madden 2003 and NFL Fever 2003 and I think that NFL Fever is by far better . It has better control , you can actualy lataral the football . It has a better season mode and has an exclusive fantisy challange . Plus it is compatible with XBOX LIVE .
 Last year I bought Madden 2002 and it dissapointed me a little . The graphics were not that good and that Madden really needed to shut it . When Fever 2003 came out I rented it and loved it ! The graphics are great and has tight gameplay . EA 's games do n't take advantage of the power of the Xbox like fever and NFl 2k3 do . This years version of Madden still has boring graphics and no internet capabilities . If you want a new football game this year support MS or Sega , they care about Xbox owners !
 I rented this and kept it an extra five days and after playing it i really like it , but i miss some of the great `` long bombs '' your able to make in the previous NFL Fever Title . I 'm playing the classic challenge and it 's a lot of fun . A warning to everyone the 85 bears will kick your -LSB- rear -RSB- , so watch out . The play by play is more impressive and less annoying than the previous title , the graphics are top notch although i notice some slowing in this version that i did n't notice before . There 's some sound problems i 've noticed too , where it 'll go silent mid taunt or the announcers will suddenly cut out for a second or two and then finish what they have to say . All in all it 's a really good game . The best thing for me is building a dream team roster , with ME quarterbacking and people like Emmett Smith , Marshal Faulk , and various other top notch players , then editing thier stats for the ultimate dream team . Unlike the previous title i 'm still getting hammered with this team in the classic challenge . Too much pass interference , interceptions , knocking the ball away or being able to find an open receiver , compared to the previous title , but hey that 's just my opinion yanno ??? rent it first , then buy it , if you loved the 2002 version , this one will take some getting used to . Go Ravens .
 LETS FACE IT AFTER LAST YEARS BIG SURPRISE TO THE GAMING WORLDFEVER 02 MADE MANNY FRIENDS AND WAS CONSIDERED BY MANY THE BEST FOOTBALL GAME ON THE MARKET WELL I AGREE IT WAS THE BEST.WITH ITS NEXT VERSION OUT IN STORES NOW IT BRINGS MORE EXCITEMENT AGAIN NOT THAT LAST YEARS WAS MISSSING ANYTHING BUT THIS TIME U CAN PLAY ALL THE OLD SCHOOL CHAMPIONSHIP TEAMS LIKE THE 85 BEARSTHE 72 DOLPHINS THE 96 PACKERS AND MANY MANY MORE AND OF COURSE THE REAL BIG AWAIT OF ONLINE GAMING XBOX LIVE IS READY FOR NFL FEVER 03 . BESIDES THEY REALLY CRISPED UP THE GRAPHICS AND THE SOUNDS OF HITTING A QUATERBACK LIKE A FREIGHTTRAIN OUT OF CONTROL ITS BY FAR THE BEST FOOTBALL GAME OUT FROGET ABOUT THAT OLD FAT MADDEN HES DOING THE SAME THING SINCE 92 HIS TIME HAS COME AND GONE AND IF U LIKE CLOSE UP SHOTS AND GREAT VISUALS STAY FARRR AWAY FROM NCAA 03 MADDEN FOR THAT MATTER IF U SPEND 50.00 DOLLARS TO WATCH A CAMERA MAN ON THE SIDELINE HOLDING A TOWEL AND SOFT DRINK THEN YOUR GAME IS MADDEN . FEVER GOES THE EXTRA MILE WITH ITS GREAT VISUALS AND REAL LIFE SIZE PLAYERS AND STADIUMS AND LETS NOT FROGET U CAN MAKE ALL YOUR OWN PLAYS IN 03 FEVER IM SURE MADDEN HAS SOMETHING SIMMILAR BUTT AS USUALL LIKE ALWAYS IT TAKES TWO SEASONS TO FIGURE OUT HOW TOMAKE IT WORK . I WAS RECENTLY AT A GAME STOP IN CHICAGO THE WEEEK MADDEN WAS RELEASED AND I KIOD U NOT THE STORE WAS FILLED WITH LET DOWNS PEOPLE AND I MEAN KIDS AND ADULTS BRING MADDEN BACK ASKING WHY ITS SO SMALL OR WHY CANT I DO THIS OR CAN I EXCHANGE IT FOR A DIFFERENT TITLE IT WAS REALLY SAD TO SEE LITTLE KIDS WAIT SO LONG AND SAVE UP SO MUCH MONEY FOR SUCH A LET DOWN.IM NOT SAYING EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN THE WORLD WILL HATE MADDEN AND LOVEFEVER BUT IM WILLING TO GO THIS FAR AND SAY I WOULDNT BE SUPRISED IF THIS IS THE LAST OF THE OLD FAT MADDEN.NFL FEVER 2003 ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!
 The game is excellent except for one glitch . Calling an audible after the computer has sent a man in motion , sometimes confuses the computer and the result is a time delay on the offence -LRB- computer -RRB- . Otherwise , an excellent product that requires an investment of time in order to finetune your skills . The dynasty version is really neat -- The draft is realistic .
 I have been a loyal Madden player since it first came out on Sega Genesis . Not anymore . NFL Fever has the easiest gameplay I 've seen . Which makes it not as hard to play with more advanced movements . The franchise mode is great , and when you win the Superbowl , the game adds great historical players to other teams you face . For example , guys like Jim Brown come back and take you on . The reason I did n't give it five stars was because when you play more than 5 min . quarters the stats of the computer and your team balloon out of control . But I do n't like to play that long anyhow .
 That is all I could say after I finally figured out the controls . Once you get the hang of this game , you will have the time of your life . NFL Fever 2003 is a football simulation with an arcade feeling . Which means that its physics engine is on par with games like Madden and NFL2K3 , but the gameplay is much quicker . This is a great thing because if you choose the right plays and use your time outs wisely , you can come back from a two touchdowns down , in under a minute . But the same thing can happen to you when you are in the lead.There are so many features that make this game great . First of all the graphics and gameplay are just stunning . Secondly you can create your own player and your own play book . Then after your done you can try out your new player and/or plays in practice mode . Thirdly there are tons of unlockable players , teams , stadiums , and modes . You can unlock these by playing pratice modes and season mode , which continues for a few seasons or just search for the codes online . Fourthly NFL Fever is Live enabled , which means you can play online against other people using Xbox Live , and you can use Xbox Live to download updated rosters and injury reports to help make your experience more realistically . Lastly there is the price , which really is n't a feature , but it is a reason to buy this.If you are still not convinced about purchasing this game then just go to your local rental store , and try it out for your self . I promise you wo n't be dissatisfied .
 this game is bad . mircosoft did awful on this game . this game only gets one star because every thing is wrong in the game . all the players do in the game is cheat and lose . the players even miss the ball a lot . heres how they cheat if the team you are playing agasint if they throw the ball and its imcompelete the coaches will say that counts then it will be a first down and thats cheating . if mircosoft is going to make nfl fever 2004 they should not make the players cheat so much . if you want a good football game get nfl blitz 20-03 . any way they are going to have nfl blitz 20-04 get blitz instaed of nfl fever .
 Disc 1
 All the games in this are terrific!Spongebob Squarepants : Employee of the Month is really ricky for me so is Spongebob Squarepants : Operation Krabby Patty.Nicktoons Basketball is my favorite software in the whole set!you can pick your own team with characters such as Spongebob , Jimmy Neutron , and Cosmo and Wanda.Spongebob Squarepants : Battle for Bikini Bottom is fun ! My favorite game in tis software is cave jumper.If you love Nickelodeon this the set for you !
 The games were fun to play on the computer . If you like SpongeBob you will enjoy playing the pc games .
 I purchased this to replace a game that was broken . Here I was able to buy a collection for the same price the original game cost me a few years ago . The kids love it !
 I put every saved game on these babies . I never ran out of room to save my crucial games anytime .
 It was a good buy and by being different colors it helps with 2 kids . Would recommend this buyer again .
 Double the memory in one package ! Two great quality classic memory cards for the PS2 . Classic accessory for a classic game console .
 These PS2 memory cards work as advertised . Love the fact that they come in 2 different colors so you could use each card for a specific genre of games .
 Worked well in the game system , great price , no need to buy one for my other son . Lasted until game system died .
 This is a pack of two PS2 memory cards . They are made by Sony and work great for storing game saves on the PS2 .
 Nice memory cards perfect for ps2 users with a through back system . Who needs over priced ps3 or xbox360 anyway with components like these
 With Sony-brand memory cards running at $ 25 a pop , buying memory cards for the PS2 system can get expensive . This package deal , which features one red and one blue card -LRB- green and gray are also available -RRB- , allows the buyer to save a reasonable amount of money . But why would you need two cards ? If you have a lot of games , it is easy to fill up a card , and having an extra gives you extra space . Or , one could be reserved for saving online games , or for cheat codes -LRB- which is n't a bad idea , since codes can sometimes corrupt your saved games if put on the same card -RRB- . This may be somewhat expensive up front , but you 'll save money in the long run . And , as an added bonus
 After thousands of reviews and E-mails complaining about the price of a Sony Memory Card , this little packaged was created . Included are two colored memory cards . They are made by Sony and include Magigate Technology . The only drawback is the fact that they are colored so if you like everything to match then you got ta buy the black ones . This is a great product and is a needed item if you are going to be buying a PS2 . All games need a memory card to save your progress . Without one , then you will always start from the beginning of the game . I highley recomend this product as it is made by Sony and works just as well as the original .
 I still remember when the Sony PlayStation 2 first came out , with its 8mb memory cards . The game store owner was raving about them . `` You 'll never use one up ! '' he said . Now we have eight ... it really goes to show how every time new technology opens up , developers immediately find a way to fill it up.First off , many games now take up massive amounts of save space . If you 're playing a game like Final Fantasy , where you want to save every 1/2 hr to hour just in case you get yourself stuck and need to go back to build up your characters , you use up memory card space quickly . Believe me , I 'd much rather spend a few extra dollars on memory card space , vs wasting weeks of frustrating time having to replay entire games to get past a difficult boss.It 's also critical , if you have more than one gamer in the family , to have separate memory cards . I ca n't tell you how many people email me at my gaming sites , wondering if they can `` recover '' lost save data because someone else accidentially overwrote or erased their save game . If it 's a game you just started playing it 's not so bad - but if you had been building your characters up over months , and had just about solved the entire epic game , it can be heart wrenching.These memory cards work for all PS2 games . If you get yourself a PS3 , then you definitely will want to also get the PS2 - PS3 memory adapter . This little unit lets you plug your PS2 card into it , then a USB connector plugs into the PS3 so that the save games all read right into your PS3 . Now you can play all your PS2 games on your PS3 without having to start from scratch . Note that your PS3 does NOT natively let you `` stick the PS2 memory card into it '' . There is no slot on the PS3 for the PS2 card.Also , for games that you play for multiple weeks , I definitely recommend having a memory card backup of your current save games . Memory cards get lost , they get `` borrowed '' by accident , they do lose data occasionally if you step on them or drop them in the snow . Just like you back up your computer 's hard drive occasionally , back up those important game save files . It only takes a few minutes and can save you months of replaying.Well recommended !
 If you 're completely one of those HARDCORE gamers who spend more than 4 hours a day playing videogames , 2 memory cards should fit you nicely , considering the amount of games you could possible play in that time . However , if you 're a easy gamer like me -LRB- no more than 2-3 hours a day -RRB- 1 should be enough . If you 're that hardcore gamer and need that much space to fit all your gaming needs , this is surely going to save you money , as buying 2 memory cards separately cost approximately 50 dollars , about the cost of a brand new just-released game . These memory cards word pretty well so do n't expect files that magically disappear or save files that become corrupted that lead you to start the game over again . A memory card is a must buy if you own a PS2 but whether you need 2 is your choice .
 I am a frequent playstation2 player and this is a neccessity . I have been getting games since the PS2 came out , and I have over 50 videogames so I have a total of 5 memory cards and they are all full . If you play videogames you are going to need at least one , but it is much cheaper to buy this pack and they come in cool red and blue colors . Some videogames take up ALOT of space on the memory card such as the Jak series and Madden NFL Football series . I reccomend this product to ANY PS2 owner and I suggest buying two of these because in the long run you are going to need them . If you are going to buy someone a PS2 you need to buy them this and an extra controller because if you do n't they will very dissapointed . You ca n't go wrong with this product and I do not reccomend buying ANY non-Sony produuct including memory cards .
 My self , my wife , and the the two boyz we have are all playing with the PS2 . Each has his/her own game and savings . This is a must if you have more than one player using the game . Each has his memory card -LRB- stick -RRB- and has his/her own game levels saved on it . Never had any trouble with any of them , nor did it ever hang on me . I am truely satisfied with the product .
 I decided that this did n't cost much at a store so I brought it and now I got 2 memory cards in my PS2 , and it 's just as good as the black ones . Trust me you 'll get ur moneys worth
 I 've tried a number of different cheaper rippoffs that either had more memory or were priced less , but I always had a problem with them in one game or another . I 've never had a problem with these , for the price -LRB- which is n't great -RRB- these are the probably the best buy . You 'll want two if there 's more than one of you playing on the PS2
 If you need memory cards for your PS2 buy them here . Amazon had the best price -LRB- $ 10 more at Wal-Mart -RRB- and free shipping !
 For the price is a good deal , i only use one card , I have the other one , for backup . nice product , good price
 Is cheap , is good ... and come in two colors.Is a good election.I recommend it .
 it is what it is ... but I found the best price at that time on amazon ... no taxes ... buy enough stuff for the free shipping
 Good cards but a bit expensive . It is nice to be able to easily tell my card apart from my wife 's though .
 Bought this for my girls . Compared to a single 8MB memory card this is much cheaper ! Plus the shipping was great with super saver . Got it in less than a week !
 Getting these two memory cards is such a good deal . Getting two is better than one , if you buy two single oes then it 's more money but you save more on amazon.com . If you go to a different store that 's fine , but they probably will cost less at amazon.com . For example , if you go to toysrus , ya they 're good and all but the price for the same exact two memory cards is like $ 15 more . So just get them from amazon !
 You get two by the price of one.They look good , are reliable and are twise as fast as the original ps2 memory cards .
 I bought this for Metal Gear 4 because the 3rd party memory card I bought was not recognized by PS2 Memory Slot 1 . I read some reviews and found out that the 3rd party card might have problems from time to time , so I bought these OEM cards . Works great . However , considering that I can get a 1GB SD Card for $ 14.99 in these days , 2 8MB cards for ~ $ 40 is way too expensive . But again , this is `` Sony '' , and this is `` OEM '' product .
 I have purchased memory cards locally at somewhat higher prices . I was pleasantly surprised to find them available priced as they were for two .
 Memory cards are a necessary accessory for PS2 . This is a great way to pay a little less ... . buy buying two together at a discounted `` package '' price .
 If you need memory cards , buy the 2 pack . Most places charge the same amount for one card . You wo n't find a better deal at any store or online . Quick shipping , too .
 itz a memory card ... wht do u expect ??
 I love it that card my childrens have one for your own games ...
 Sony should use faster flash memory for this things ... it is sloooooooooooooooooooooow , but anyway , they need to make a profit from this things.Nothing more to say other than it just works .
 It 's 2 memory cards . It works . It 's cheap . I like it .
 Amazon.com is a rip off . You can get this dual pack for $ 15 - $ 20 at eBay.com .
 I 'm kind of being a little deceptive here ... let me explain
 Somehow I just ca n't get why the black memory card -LRB- 8mb -RRB- costs the same as these two -LRB- sometimes more ! -RRB- . Anyway , these two memory cards work really well . They are reliable and so far I had not lost my saved games . I do n't buy the generic ones since one time I lost my saves playing a game called Star Ocean
 Playstation 2 Memory Card 8MB 2PK Red/BlueThe perfect memory card set to complete your Playstation 2 gaming experience .
 These cards work perfectly , and were a FANTASTIC price in December . I wish I 'd bought another set so each of us in the family could have our own personal cards !
 If you play any PS game regardless of its edition a memory card is nice to have . Then you can save your part on your section of the game and the other family member can save theirs on their end .
 This is a great deal for the item . Works as any other store bought product would .
 Best deal , you can get !!!! Although quite expensive in terms of memory in mid 2008 , these playstation 2 memory cards are long term and can be used with other playstation 2 systems .
 I was searching for official sony memory cards that were affordable . I did not want to go with a used product for something like a memory card because of potential quality issues . When I found this two pack for only $ 32.00 I was very pleased -LRB- ONE black card goes for $ 20.99 ! -RRB- . I also like the fact that the cards come in different colors . This enabled me to give one to my daughter and now we know which card is which without an extra labeling.Recommended .
 Fast shipping near the holiday season brought this product to our home . The cards work great and are less expensive than buying them at the store . Very happy customer ! : -RRB-
 It was a gift and I assume that it works well because I have n't heard anything .
 Dear people ; Iwould like to thank you all for your services on geting the playstation 2 memory cards.TO me it was fast and on time , keep up the good work . yours truly Hershel Landon .
 A good price for two Sony brand memory cards . Do n't trust your countless hours of game play to knock-offs . Have had them for a year now with zero problems .
 As you can imagine , having 2 separate cards for saving games and info is perfect ! . . by the way , the seller was beyond awesome . . hope you can get yours from the same !!
 Good bargain getting 2 memory cards for barely over the price of one
 I chose this product rating because it had great shipping , great product discription . I would recommed this product to any one who plays PS2 games .
 Memories of playstation lets you save your game , and to have the ability to go back and do better . Excellent product with excellent colors playstation .
 They 're memory cards . Do you seriously need to be convinced to buy them . And they 're for a last gen system so nobody really cares . I 'd like to thank amazon for forcing me to write a review of a product that does n't really require it . It 's like reviewing water - &#34; I found that it did a good job of quenching my thirst and I would recommend it to anybody that 's thirsty . &#34;
 A very good purchase . Item works as advertised with my PS2 . Good price and you can never have too many !
 Were packaged very nicely and work reliably . They were used but in very , very good condition . Nice to have one of each color , makes it easy to recognize which one has which data on it .
 Low Price For A Set Of 2 Brand New PS2 Memory Cards
 Not a bad selection . Saved $ 8.00 + , and avoided tracting them down during the holidays . Were almost impossible to locate during Christmas rushes , and outragously price at stores . Recommend it for anyone to purchase that wants to save time and money .
 I purchased this product for my 11 year old nephew for his birthday . He was and still is delighted with the product .
 They 're nice cards , I never had a problem . Since I had 3 PS2s in my house at the time , we kept mixing up memory cards or my brothers would steal mine ... then my boyfriend bought me these and I always had my own memory cards , no one else could say they were theirs or anything else . The only problem I can think of is that they are a little expensive .
 Official Sony Memory cards are the only way to go . Do NOT buy third-party . I have made that mistake . They are finicky and do not last long . Also , of course they are not liscensed by Sony .
 Memory is a must in order to fully enjoy the PS2 . This 2-pack is very reasonably priced at Amazon -LRB- even beats what can be found on eBay -RRB- and qualifies for free super-saver shipping . Both cards work great in my PS2.But be warned , the shipping took over 2 weeks ! Normally free super-saver shipping takes up to a week longer than standard ... but this was the longest wait I 've ever had through Amazon .
 These are well worth the cost . There 's enough room on these memory cards to last even the heaviest of gamers a while ...
 There really is n't any flaws with these memory cards and buying two instead of one is alot better than buying 2 seperately and it 'll save you some bucks . The only thing is that if you have 3 or more games that use 2000 + K memory space you might wand to consider the 32MB memory card that codejunkies makes .
 The blue one did n't work but seller promptly replaced it . I wo n't buy 3rd Party knockoffs . Stick to the original for quality and reliability .
 On the one hand , 8MB memory cards seem small and over-priced when compared to after-market 32MB and 64MB cards . With how cheap memory is , I do n't know why Sony does n't make large cards themselves , even at a price premium.On the other hand , my friends have had after-market memory cards die on them . I 've never had a problem with these Sony cards.Personally , I 'd rather spend the extra money to make sure that my saved games are secure .
 Getting this 2PK is quite a deal . If your thinking of purchasing a memory card for your Playstation 2 I suggest you buy this . My games used up the space on the first memory card i bought so I definitely needed a second one . So far I have n't found anything wrong with it , though I 've only had it for a few weeks . But if I had to go back and do it again I would definitely buy it . Plus The Stylish colors are nice to .
 The Two pack Memory cards for the PS 2 system is perfect.The Price is great and the product is perfect.Enough Memory to Save many games on it.Great Product at a Great Price .
 Pretty Simple review
 These Memory cards work just fine . Only problem I found was last week , I went into my local Wal-Mart store and what should I find
 They are memory cards and they work ... $ 25 is insanely high for 16MB of low-speed memory , but that is what Sony charges ... so it is about the best deal you will find short of buying used cards . Be carefull when opening the package , the labels for the cards are behind the cards in the package , and I ripped mine while trying to open them .
 This is just a REALLY good deal . Plain and simple . 5/5 . The cards are official PS2 memory card and come in 2 different colors . These are essential for playing and saving on PS2s.If you have PS1 memory cards and want to back up the data , the data takes hardly any space when you copy it from a PS1 card onto a PS2 card . I 've done this on my PS2 slim .
 Well , what is there to say . Its the offical Sony Memory cards in a 2 pack , at just a little over what you pay for one . I 'd like different colors , but no reason to complain about that really . Does whata you want it to do , so thumbs up from me .
 These r great but they would be better if they were bigger . U can buy some bigger ones but they r not as good as a brand . These r made by sony so it is made just for this . It is great that they r two colors because i still get them mixed up now but not as much as the plain ones . They r great when u just first buy the ps2 and dont have many games but after awile u will run out of space and have to buy more or a bigger one .
 Work fine . A two pack makes for more security against failures that occaisionally happen when these cards decide to get corrupted.Work great .
 This is the best if you think you need to memory cards . It is cheaper than buying 2 black memory cards . If you do n't care about the colors this is the best ever .
 This package is only for gamers with more than 20 games or who own and play more than 2 sports games simultaneously.This is not for the average gamer but if you have a dvd remote for the ps2 then you should buy this because the dvd remote takes up 2mb of the 8mb card and this package contains 2 8mb memory cards.If you own games like jak 2 and madden nfl you MUST BUY THIS BECAUSE THOSE GAMES TAKE A lot of space.NOTE : THIS IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH PS1 -LRB- THE CARD WILL NOT EVEN STAY IN THE PS1 MEMORY CARD SLOT -RRB- ALSO IF YOU PLAY PS1 GAMES ON YOUR PS2 THIS CARD IS STILL NOT COMPATIBLE BUT THERE IS A CATCH IF YOU ARE FED UP LIKE I AM OF THESE SMALL PS1 MEMORY CARDS YOU CAN BUY A PS2 CARD AND A PS1.BUT YOU MUST SAVE TO THE PS1 CARD AND WHEN YOU ARE NOT USING A FILE TRANSFER IT TO THE PS2 CARD AND WHEN OU NEED IT AGAIN JUST TRANSFER IT BACK TO THE PS1 CARD.BUT THIS WILL NOT WORK VICE VERSA !!
 The memory is a great deal . The 2 pack costs less than purchasing 2 8 meg memory cards individually . I stayed away from the non-Sony brand memory based on the results of reviews . It is easy to format -LRB- just plug it in the Play Station when you turn it on and it will do the rest from there -RRB- . It also makes playing games more enjoyable , as you can start where you left off rather than starting from the beginning . The memory works just fine , and is a great value at the price .
 The memory cards came exactly as advertised and they worked great . No read errors , VERY noticeable increased speed of load time compared to other card types . . would recommend to anyone looking for a value pack of memory cards because this was well worth it .
 This double-packed memory card is excelent because , it is durable , useful , big memory space ...
 Sony memory cards may be on the expensive side , but they do indeed give you what you pay for . When saving 1,000 's of hours of gameplay to memory , I feel safe with original equipment . I know my existance will be there when I get back .
 These are a perfect fit for the PS2 , and since they are only 8MB , it is a good idea to have 2 memory cards if you have a lot of games , such as I do . Since most games use memory card slot # 1 , all you have to do is just swap card slots .
 I bought another brand memory card first , with the same specs , but in use it would not `` save '' the kids game levels and progress . Once we got this one -LRB- mfr . brand -RRB- everyone is happy not to lose all their game points and levels . I have found these not to be available in stores lately . So , if you still plan to use your PS2 , and need a memory card to `` save '' games in progress , get 'em while you still can . Maybe get a spare for when one fails .
 I could state the obvious , that these are so wildly expensive by today 's memory standards that it borders on the obscene . I could also state my suspicions that the prices suddenly jumped quite a bit after the PS2 price dropped to $ 100 , but I 'm sure somebody else has covered both those already in depth.I 'll say that they seem to be solid and well constructed . They fit just fine into myPlayStation 2 Console , with myLogitech PlayStation 2 Cordless Action Controller . I like the black plastic memory cards better , but I can see how the color helps differentiate without putting a label on them . I 've been using one of them now for a few months with no issues . I 'm not expecting any problems , they 're Sony made afterall.As your main card or as a backup for important saves , you really should get a branded memory card . I 've not had any card ever fail on me , but then again I 've never had a memory card until about a year ago . The general concensus seems to be , branded is better than 3rd party .
 I purchased this two pack when it was on sale at Amazon and saved some money over purchasing just the single black memory card . I wanted to purchase the Sony brand because I heard that other brands and other sizes -LRB- > 8MB -RRB- had some errors . This pack saves me money and just plain works.It 's funny how the PS2 got an update to a slimmer package and yet it still uses memory cards that are only 8MB ! I could have purchased a 16GB USB flash drive for the same cost as this product!No errors or issues so far .
 Well , not too much to say here.They 're Sony , they 're original , its 2 of them with 8mb each ... and love the colors ... !!! Whenever possible try to go with original parts !
 this dude is awesome on his shipping got product within 2 days and new still in package . And for a dude like me who plays final fantasy like 6 hours a day u need 2 memory cards for all the saves , and gameshark data its a big plus and a big bargain . I would reccomend this seller to anyone .
 doesnt look as classy as the black one but hey im just lookin for space :-RRB- and if two of them can give me more no complains ...
 I bought these to keep all of my save files in order . Even with many sports games , I never managed to fill up even one of these cards . If two people want to buy cards , they are cheaper this way , and the color coding helps . Otherwise , I would only buy one . They also can not save data from PS1 games .
 When I bought this set it was only $ 24.99 , which essentially meant I was able to buy two of the Sony mem cards for the price of one of the black ones . I 've been needing another memory card for a while , but I really did n't need two extra ones -LRB- since I already have one original black one -RRB- . Since this is a set of two , I was able to split with my friend who also needed one , so extra saving!Although these are not as nice/pretty/classic as the original black ones , they acutally looked less cheap than I first expected . The red is clean and does not give a `` ugh so cheap '' kind of feel , and the blue feels surprisingly refreshing -LRB- though my friend ended up getting the blue . oh well -RRB- . So if one of the reasons you were hesitant about buying this set was because you did n't want an ugly cheap looking red/blue thing sticking out of your slick PS2 , then rest easy . Granted it will never look as sleek as the black , it 's definitely nicer quality than I first thought.Can ' t really say on durability yet since I 've only had it for a little while , but since it is a Sony product , and my original black 8MB Sony mem card has lasted me a good ... well a long time , since I first got my PS2 which was when PS2 first came out . : P
 Even with shipping I got these cheaper here than at any retail store in my area . Now I have one and so does my son ... Works great .
 Normally , this two pack of memory cards goes for -LSB- ... -RSB- or more any where else . I got it for -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- and they work great . I 've also heard the PS2 memory cards are known to last longer than generic ones so I 'm looking forward to that .
 After purchasing a new ` slim ' Playstation 2 console , I knew that I would also need to purchase a memory card to save my progress in my games . I chose this two-pack due to the good price for two memory cards and I also liked the different colors for each memory card . Owning nothing , but black memory cards can lead to some confusion about which card has the save game that you 're looking for on it . I have had the memory cards for some time now and both of them continue to perform great . While in reality these memory cards are just as good at doing what they do as pretty much any other Playstation 2 memory card , I found myself to be pleased with this purchase .
 You ca n't get anything bigger than 8mgs without getting some kind of errors , either in saving , playing , loading , etc. . This is the best you can get , and really , it 's all we 've needed . We have four , between my sister and I . We have n't even used one of them , and only one of the others is full -LRB- kind of -RRB- . Good buy . I mean , you really ca n't complain .
 ThePlaystation 2 Memory Card 8MB 2PK Red/Blueis a quick way to pick up a necessary accessory for your PS2 . Both cards do exactly what is advertised
 I took a gander at about 6 of the 1 and 2 star reviews . most of them say that the service here at amazon is very slow -LRB- to get -RRB- . Another one even says that the available memory on the actual card is rather small.Well I 've never dealt with amazon when it comes to these cards and I 've certainly had no problem fitting lots and lots of data onto these things!I bought them for my brother and they were great ! One was stolen but I 'm not gon na complain about that!They worked just as well as the standard black ones that are being or used to be sold . Really ! The only difference between the blue one we currently have and the black ones is strictly a color thing!Design
 each card with plenty of memory , plus , two pack . now i can get my little sister to stop using my skills and saving them as her own .
 They both work great . Ordering though Amazon was a lot cheaper than buying it locally .
 I have a super slim playstation 2 , got it this 2006 for christmas , I use both memories and is perfect , no complaints here . *****
 Great deal . 2 cards for the price that most retailers ask for one .
 Great deal on Sony PS2 memory cards . Ca n't beat the price .
 These work very well - we have several different games saved on each card and have had no problem .
 What can I say about memory cards ? Well , they 're nice looking , with their colorful translucent casings . I 've been using mine for about a month now , and have had no problems .
 I love this memory card it rocks . And since it is made by Sony it is gauranteed to be of the best possible quality . Plus since the files on a PS2 game are simply tiny than 1 memory card can hold like ten games at least . Plus the price if you catch it on sale is about the same as one memory card . It is more durable than the other brands . For example my friends memory card went through the washing machine and it still works . Bottom line is you can not save without a card so you might as well buy the best one there is out there .
 The Playstation 2 Memory Card 8MB 2 PK RED/BLUE was purchased as a Christmas gift so they have n't been used yet ... I do know that I will have two grandchildren who will be thrilled with them this Christmas . They have had a Play Station 2 for some time now and have ended up having to delete saved things each of them have on the memory card they do have ... The price is great and the two pack is a very good idea .
 Arrived on time , worked as advertised.Guess I should add that the How much fun and rate this game do n't really apply to this product .
 If you need it , then buy it . It works .
 It was still in its original package and shipped in a timly manner .
 I had purchased this two pack memory card and they are pretty good no problems with memory card .
 Man i just got my memory card on 11-08-02 and it is working perfect , and not just that i have 8mb blue memory card but i also have a red 1 with the same memory for only under 30 bucks ... yeah the regular memory card cost under 30 bucks but 2 against 1 ... mmmmmm which 1 u rather buy it is up 2 u but i suggest u to buy 2 pak memory card
 You will not find another deal better than this . Though I only need one , but for the price of one , you get two , why not ?
 My 9 year old daughter loves PS2 , so buying the cards were worth the cost .
 This is soooooo fun and beautifull and all the princesses ! No problem at all with my computer in installing and the voices are beautifull and clear . I guess the sound in the other reviewer 's computer must have had a problem . This is the BEST fashion cd rom with the plus of having the princesses in it that I have seen . My daughter is 4 and can play with it . But its a discovery type game , ie you find out how everything works as you get more familiar with it . In the beginning things seem not to be working but with time you see that OH , now I have to drag and click not just click , or OH here you have to click on the icon first and then on the picture for it to do what you want ! Have patience and you will become an expert princess ! Very cheap for the amount of stuff you can do with it , also grows with the child . For young ones mom should play with it BEFORE the child to avoid initial frustration so you can explain some of the quirks to her first . Happy princessing this is a dream !
 My daughter -LRB- aged five -RRB- loves this CD and all the games on it . Unlike the other reviewer , we have never had a problem with our sound . We have also given this as a birthday gift and have had positive feedback from other mothers .
 My 3 y/o daughter loves this game . She sits in front of it for hours at a time . Is doing wonders for her hand-eye coordination . Would have gave it 5 stars but it is a bit hard to navigate at first , and you have to download different dresses which can be a pain .
 I am shocked at how many people have given this game such a bad review . This is actually a good solid game that is a lot of fun . You play as Mickey Mouse in a `` Myst '' style game format -LRB- anyone remember Myst for the PC and Playstation ? -RRB- , where , yes it IS a point and click type game but far more interactive and spunky than Myst was . The graphics in this game are vibrant and smooth , doing thier job well to make you feel like you are in a Disney movie . Mickey is silly and happy throughout the game , saying cute things , or singing , or even doing a little dance type thing from time to time , depending on what kinds of things you are doing in the game . The environment is pretty interactive too , allowing you to check out a number of different things in each room . There are more things to do in this game than `` point and click '' , however . Sometimes you will need to do things to trigger an event , such as riding a train , blowing out a candle , jumping on a bed , and much more . You can also do these `` tricks '' to cause events to happen which further your progress in the game , plus there are a few mini-games such as snowboarding where you actually control Mickey directly.This is a great game for kids too because it is NOT VIOLENT which is becoming a rarity in games these days.Overall I find this a delightful little adventure game for `` kids '' of all ages .
 I have to admit , for an adult , this game can get a little boring.But my son absolutly LOVES this game as does my daughter . They are 3 and 1 respectively . This is the target audience and I wish developers would make more games aimed at this market.The game plays like a point and click PC game , so it seems out of place on a console ; but , that being said , it is aimed at young children who just do n't get the controller.The game offers two modes , Normal and Kids . In Kid mode , Mickey will automatically move after a few seconds if the child fails to press a button . Why is this good ? I have actually turned the game on , disconnected the controller , and allowed the game to play as a DVD!What 's more , Mickey 's move choices are random , so it 's never the same ` movie ' twice ! My son actually likes to have me play while he watches . He tells me what to have Mickey do next , and we watch the show.THIS IS A GREAT TITLE FOR FAMILIES WITH LITTLE CHILDREN .
 My four year old son loves this game , the violence is minimal , the graphics and sound very good . I love that the game has different `` modes '' , `` Small Kids '' and `` Normal '' - my son used the `` Kids '' mode for a day until he figured it out , and now only uses the normal mode where he has to get the right points/keys/etc and performs under time -LRB- he does use the `` kids '' mode now to try and teach our two year old daughter - she LOVES Mickey -RRB- . I also love the `` older kid '' kind of activities he gets to test , such as the snow boarding and plane flying . This was his first GameCube experience and I am sure glad we went this route , his GameBoy Advance can hook up , there seem to be more titles for young kids -LRB- though it is pretty hard to really figure out which ones the young kids may find suitable - would n't it be nice if you could rate these games by ages and reading levels ? -RRB- , the ability to do multiplayer -LRB- other games -RRB- , and the price ...
 Mickey 's Magical Mirror is very fun to play ! It 's the best GameCube game I have ever played ! You go around and find mirror pieces after some creepy ghost breaks the mirror . You have to help Mickey find all of the pieces of the mirror so that he can get back out again . It 's a blast ! I have two pieces so far and I ca n't wait to find the rest !
 I just bought this game about a week ago and Its great to just play through and relax . The graphics I think are pretty much average compared to any other gamecube game . One thing I thought was amazing is they actually have a cartoon playing briefly during the game and the picture was crystal clear . I think its worth the money if you can get it on sale like I did . But if you spend more than 15-20 dollars on it you may be disappointed . Check your local ToysRUs . Another plus if you have any children is that there is a separate mode for them as well thats timed to be an hour long . Mostly the game is walking around through rooms finding items but some mini games are included as well . Happy gaming :-RRB- .
 When Disney came out with their Magical Mirror Starring Mickey Mouse , I thought it would be a game for little kids to enjoy and slightly older kids to screw-off on . But I was wrong . My 5 year old brother rented it and took it back for another game in under a DAY ! The only good part is the graphics . They are nice and vivid . The bad parts are you cant jump or move freely . You have to use a little hand to click on objects in the room to move . And most of the time there are only a few oblects to click on . Disney could have done a lot better on this game . This game is a disgrace to Gamecube and all of its owners . It makes Xbox and PS2 owners think even more poorly about Gamecube .
 I thought this would be a stupid kid game . Not only does my 4 year old grandson love it , so does his 7 year old sister and his Dad and me his Grammy . It was entertaining and a good learning experience for young children . Helps to teach them about following choices and how to make decisions . My grandson loves it .
 What a boring game . . supposedly `` puzzle '' , supposedly `` fun '' ... mere supositions ... . do not buy it unless you find it fun to move a hand cursor around to make Mickey act . . what a shame for Disney after Kingdom Hearts
 They market this game for kids but it is hard for young ones and gets boring very fast .
 First of all Disney 's Magical Mirror is about when Mickey was sleeping his soal got trapped in a magical mirror and a ghost shatered the mirror and scattered the parts around Mickey 's Mansion so Mickey could not get back to his body.I have seen 21 screenshots of the game.In the game you can fly in airplanes and ride down mountains on snowboards trying to find keys to rooms in the mansion so Mickey can unlock the rooms with mirror parts in them . That is all I know about the game .
 yea wut he sed . lol i personaly think this game is going to be great b/c i love disney and especially mickey . i got to disney world every summer . I hope this game will be like a Super Mario 64 cuz that game kiks ...
 My Grandson Loves it ! Graphics are good . thyme is good . age appropriate . Would recommencement this game for other children . Can be a little hard at first .
 Do n't be surprised by the game 's inviting , adventourous cover . It 's not much fun . This game is really intended for younger kids.Most of the time you are just directing Mickey to open doors or solve no-brainer puzzles , and the only decent interaction is the mini-games you play now and then.If you 're really craving a good Disney game , then buy Donald Duck Goin ' Quackers . It 's much more fun .
 I think mickey 's magical mirror is the best game ever!Hint : If you click on things a couple of times even if the hand is gray it may do something.It worked for me , so it will work for you.You have to click on things and figure out what to do.You have to get certain items to get mirror pieces.You have to do a lot of tricks to get keys and even mirror pieces .
 Homeworld 2 is sequel to PC Gamer 's 1999 Game of the Year , which was never officially released on the Macintosh -LRB- ... -RRB- . Like it 's predecessor , Homeworld 2 is a stunningly beautiful strategy game driven by an enthralling and moving story . The innovative 3D approach inspired a series of similar games for Windows , but this is , fittingly , the first to make it to the Mac.Long after the events of the first game , the Hiigaran people find themselves once again in a prophetic war of galactic-scale . The plot is captivating and does a phenomenal job of tying the individual missions together . The story unfolds through smoothly integrated scripted action with in-game dialog and complementary cut scenes between missions . The latter do not detract from the atmosphere either - they are uniquely artistic with simply animated grayscale visuals.There is no overstating it
 I do n't have much to add as far as the content of this game , but I would like to say that I have been playing Homeworld 2 steadily over the last few days on 10.4 Tiger , and so far I have not encountered any problems whatsoever . So to all you potential buyers out there , do n't let the previous reviewer scare you - Homeworld 2 runs just fine on Tiger . You now have no good reason not to buy this game .
 HW2 is all of the things everyone else says
 I 'm an RTS -LRB- Real-Time-Strategy -RRB- fan , and am quickly getting bored of the same old games being rehashed as either a StarCraft or Age of Empires clone . But to my delight I found Homeworld 2 a very unique gaming experience
 I would first like to commend ASPYR for their awsome port over to Mac , with some of their games I find they did n't do a good jo or left things out , not in this case . The graphics are top notch and the enviroments are absolutly gourgeous . As for the story it could do better and the gameplay does get a little repetetive but the way the engine works is absolutley awsome . Another problem with the gameplay is -LRB- and I know making a 3D universe for a RTS is difficult -RRB- I found the camera angles to sometimes get a bit annoying and often made me use the sensors to play the game -LRB- sensors are kinda like the mega map -RRB- . Overall though it 's a top notch title and a top notch port .
 Great game ! Unfortunately it does not work on Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger and there are no patches available from Aspyr yet -LRB- as of May 2005 -RRB- . I had to set up a second partition on which I installed Mac OS X 10.3 just to play this game . However , HW2 is totally worth it . I played the original Homeworld back in 1999 and also Homeworld Catalyst . Homeworld 2 boasts a new in-game menu interface which does not look as nice as I would have expected from Relic but is easier to use and more effective than the menus in the original Homeworld . Missions are more difficult now . This can be frustrating at times but also makes sure you play the game for a long time .
 I must say , being a fan of Real-time strategy games , I was instantly interested in Homeworld when I found it here on Amazon . I caught myself thinking , however , what more Homeworld could offer me . Being that I had already played Age Of Empires , Star Wars
 This game presents a tough challenge , but highly enjoyable.The sound in this game is amazing ! be sure you 've got a good sub on your sound system , because it 'll make teeth-rattling use of it!definitely a good buy !
 Basically , if you are a fan of Command and Conquer or any other big strategy games and you are a space/sci-fi geek , you 're gon na love this game . Its more challenging than any other strategy game I 've played . If you 're using a MacBook , do yourself a favor and get a notebook mouse . You 'll want it . Especially with the whole 3D attacking plane . The visuals are stunning and so is the sound . It really draws you into the game . Before you know it 's 6am and you 've only got 2 hours till that dreaded 8am class .
 This is quite a fun game . I wo n't re-iterate the many positive reviews you can find on these pages.Two things you should know : First it does run on totally modern macs . We use it regularly on Intel macs under 10.6.4 and earlier . There is one thing -LRB- other than patches from the manufacturer -RRB- you need to do - uncheck the `` Disable mouse acceleration in game '' option on the start up page.Secondly Homeworld 2 was written and ported to the Mac in such a way that you can take advantage of many of the great game mods out there . I 've run the version of the game wherein all the ships are Legos , for example . If massively tricky strategic play is your thing do a quick search for `` Homeworld Complex '' and give that mac-compatible modification a shot.You can also modify it yourself .
 I remember loving this game when it first came out . It 's still wonderful to play , especially multiplayer . Single player campaign is n't as good as the original . The plot is rushed , things are n't very well explained . There is a lack of character in the voice acting . Every mission boils down to kill everything in sight . A lot of great mechanics from HW1 are removed , like support frigate and fuel meters on strike crafts . Auto balance AI is a pain to deal with and often times overwhelms you . But at the end of the day , it 's Homeworld ! Where else are you going to get RTS in a full 3D space ?
 This is one of the better strategy/resource space games I 've played . It starts off excellent but after a short while becomes monotonous . And all the perks are not sufficiently explained . Really really fun though for a while , so you need to get it to play .
 Homeworld 2 is very good . it has action , 3d battles and makes you think about how you should defned and attack with your fleets . the single mission campaign can be annoying since some events interrupt what you want to do . Otherwise I like the game and the challenbges it provides.curently playing it on a Power Mac G5 . = -RRB-
 Homeworld 2 is a brilliant continuation of the Homeworld series . I loved them all the first time through and have been through them all many times since . The game play is very intuitive and accurate which allows for a smooth and enjoyable gaming experience.My only complaint with this purchase was that I only discovered it was only Power PC Mac compatible . It does n't work on Intel powered Macs . So , not a fault of the game , more my own lack of researching an item before buying .
 I really liked this game ! The music is wonderful , and the game controls are easier to use than expected.Problems
 I have played this game on pc sense 1999 and from day one I knew this game with it 's 3D graphics and Quake engine , it 's massive on line play was the best experience bar none . A game that won game of the year in 1999 was well deserved then and now has won many awards !!
 I 'm not really going to get into all the awesomeness that is this game , it 's been said by all the positive reviewers before me . I just wanted to say that , if you scroll down to the third section of the page titled `` Product Features '' , you will see that it says `` Support only for Power PC Macintosh , 800 MHz G4 or better . '' as the last bullet item.One review said `` I feel mislead both by Aspyr and Amazon for this purchase . '' , which is total BS . Dude , read up on something before you buy it online . ESPECIALLY software . The information was literally RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU .
 I have been playing this game for about 2 months now and it is one of the best space games I have ever played . The graphics are great and the battles look amazing . I have not had any problems playing it on my Dual 2.7 ghz G5 There is also a very cool Battlestar Galactica mod for this game that is awesome .
 I found the game to be enjoyable , though the interface , particularly vertical movement seemed unnecessarily difficult . I will warn the faint of heart , the game does not allow you a lot of room for error . Be careful . Essentially this game is a computerized version of rocks-paper-scissors . You just have to try and remember which rock goes with which scissors , which go with which paper . Good game !
 This is a great game if you have time to kill and do n't mind learning the convoluted controls .
 I love it ! The only thing i do n't like is that it 's kinda short.But over all i really love it !!!!!! The mini games are very fun .
 Reader Rabbit educational software for children is the best of the bunch . There is Jump Start , Disney , etc , but cream of the crop is Reader Rabbit.RH , Calif
 this is a Nintendo game not sony and this game roks
 Nintendogs is quite good - but it can get a bit boring . the graphics are good and the touch screen is brill !
 this game will be EXTREMELY boring at the beginning , but later on it will be more fun . but when you have other stuff to do , you 'll forget about it . you see , now , I have more games and I simply forget about it.but overall , it 's a good game .
 i do not have this game yet but i am sure it is a lot of fun
 this is a great game but for all those freaks who think is coming out or psp is WRONG ! psp sucks and its low on charts . its for people who cant affoed intenet witch i have and for cheap people who cant buy a dvd player with better movies on it . well i have that too and nintendogs will suck and your just joulouse because ds is better so dont get your hopes up . OH YAH I HAVE A DS NOT A LOUSY PSP !! AND THE PSP WHICH I LIKE TO CALL IT PORTABLE STUPID PLAYER DOSNT HAVE A TOUCH SCREEN OR MICROPHONE SO GO AS LOW AS YOU WANT BECAUSE MY UNCLES WORKS FOR GAMECUBE AND HE SAYS MAYBE ITS COMING ON THAT BUT IT WONT COME ON PSP DOSNT WANT TO RUIN THE NINTENDOGS NAME . i bet you that nintendogs will not come on psp and if it does in one year i will delet my nintendogs game . and im telling the TRUTH . HA ! LOUSY PEOPLE WHO OWN PSP , TAKE THE FAST AND FURRY THAT YOU WILL NEVER HAVE NINTENDOGS !!!! : - -RRB-
 For all of u who said Nintendogs r boring u r all just wrong they r great but i do n't have it yet but i played it at a store but any way this game is so awsome so that is just not right to say that this game is dumb its not it is a cute luvable virtual pet game its cool im getting it 4 mi b-day
 Well , of course all of the reviewers have already said the wonderful things about nintendogs . I just want to say , that no offense , but if u think that nintendogs is coming out for psp you are just IDIOTIC !!!! It 's called NINTENdogs . Notice Nintendo in the name ? Sony and Nintendo are rivals ! Anyway , I ca n't have a dog for my life so this is a great game . Many of the other ds games have GBA graphics but this game really shows what the ds can do . Good job Nintendo !!!!!!!!!!
 I got this game on friday and love it . I named my golden retriever Tyco . If you watch the Disney Channel , there is a golden named tyco . For the girl who thinks this game is in japenese . NO THIS GAME IS NOT IN JAPANESE !!!! SO DO N'T WORRY . YOU WILL BE SPENDING YOUR $ 160 BUCKS WISELY . BYE NOW .
 Its sooo adorable ! i 'm gon na get it for my birthday witch is soon . I also heard people about `` Oh wait until it comes out for PSP . '' NEWSFLASH it ai n't comin out . Watch the preview at the top of the page . At the end it says ONLY for Nintendo DS . And how will you play it without a touch screen ? huh ? And the people who said it was a waste of money ? Psh shush it looks good . The graphics are amazing and its totally ADORABLE
 i 'm sick off this rumor that it has to be unveailed ... THERE 'S NO PSP VERSION AND NEVER B. or you do n't understand the name
 i want one of theese can anyone tell me what these are like are they good i want your pups name when you got it date owner points how good is it what one have you got and would you buy it for your dauters . thanks for your time
 I really like this game , but I do n't have a DS . I 'm trying to get my parents to give this to me , and meanwhile , I 'm doing research about the game system and games , like reading reviews on Amazon . For those who are like me -LRB- DS-less -RRB- , I suggest that they do the same to try to convince their parents . I would totally suggest people to buy the Nintendogs game , the dogs are just too cute to resist !
 I have a question when you are going to buy the dog do you choose the sex or does the machine choose its sex for you just wan na know
 i love the game and the dogs and everything.I also love the ds even though the psp is better ohwell.i just wanted to say that i love the game cause my friends bought them and a ds and i want one but dad says earn more money than i can buy it !
 My 7 yr old daughter got this for x-mas this yr along w/some other games for the DS , and this is by far her favorite ! I do n't even think she plays the other 2 games . Her father even enjoys it ! They take the dog for a walk , feed it , pet it and the thing they like best is entering it in competitions . The only downside to this is that you can only enter your dog 3x aday into the competitions . I know there are other Nintendog games , but we pick this one b/c one of the breeds on it was a Siberian Husky and that 's the kind of dog we own !
 My daughter received this game for Christmas and can not put it down . The dogs are very realistic and the amount of activities you can do with them are endless . My other two children after two days of watching her play wanted to get their own dogs . Now all three of them compete in dog competitions together . I must have for any DS owner .
 My 14 yr . old daughter ca n't seem to put this game down . It 's interactive and ongoing so it does n't get booring . Much like taking care of a real dog . Would be great for kids who want a pet but ca n't have one .
 My sister got this game for christmas and it is awesome . The game utilizes the ds 's capability from the touch screen , to the mic , to being able to blow bubbles . The game is very interactive and feel like you are owning your own dog . The time runs on real days and in order to be succesful you must feed , walk , and love your dog . You can train your dog and do contests with it to get money for more dogs and supplies .
 ok first of all im not a kid im a teen -LRB- 15 1 \ 2 -RRB- i just clicked here becuase i dont want to join this website ... but any way i really enjoy this game i have 9 dogs becuase i have all the versions its very cute , the dogs have their own moods and act how they feel its just adorable . even though i have dogs -LRB- 9 of them at home -RRB- it still serves as a great sustitute for pets , especially if your parents say you cant have one .
 This game is absolutely adorable !!!!!! If you do n't want to buy a real dog , worry about traing and shedding , BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!! The graphics are SO life like . The puppies are so cute . You can go on a walk and enter into contests !!!!! Pros : graphics -LRB- beautiful -RRB- sound -LRB- life like ! -RRB- adorability level : one million !!!!!! Cons : If you have OSD or something like that , do n't buy this
 I first heard about Nintendogs just before Christmas 2005 . I took intrest in the product and then proceeded to put it on my wish list . Christmas morning , I recieved all three versions of Nintendogs . Kinda spoiled , are n't I -LRB- hehe -RRB- . Personally , I think the Dachshund & Friends is the best of all three , but that 's just my opinion . I also found out that each different version of Nintendogs has different unlockable items which varies the games more . Nintendogs Dachshund & Friends includes : Miniature Dachshund -LRB- hence the name -RRB- -LRB- they look like sausages with feet ! -LRB- hehe -RRB- Golden Retriever * -LRB- star means one of my absolute favourites ! -RRB- Beagle * -LRB- lovely colours on the coat , a beautiful dog ! -RRB- Pug * -LRB- interesting expression on their little faces eh ? -RRB- -LRB- they look aged ! -RRB- Siberian Husky * -LRB- probably my favourite puppy right now ! -RRB- Shih Tzu -LRB- a fluffy dog sort of similar to the pug ! -RRB- I currently have a Golden Retriever named Sandy , a Pug named Jada and a Husky named Akira ! They are adorable ! ^_^ My next choice of dog would be a Beagle.This is a great game !!! BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S. Also , to the cruel little pervert that enjoys fantasizing about chopping off puppy 's tails and heads needs to seek mental counselling . This game is for dog lover 's enjoyment , not for animal cruelty!Peace out Nintendogs fans ! : Dpuppy_luver06 ^_^
 Nintendogs is SO fun ! It 's one of the best things I have . You can only have eight dogs . But you can enter them in contests , take them for walks , use wireless bark mode to meet other dogs , play with your dogs and much more ! If you want a dog why not have them on your Nintendo DS ?
 My cousin , Skye Anne Murphy , has Nintendogs on her electric blue Nintendo DS . I tried playing it . 100 % satisfaction is what I found . There are so many stuff that you can do , like go to the park , go in dog contests and shows , even bathe your own dogs . The coolest , most awesome part about is that when you attract your dogs . You talk in the microphone and say a trick like , `` Sit ! '' . And my question , `` Why did they make a microphone ? '' is easily answered . Well , all you owners of the game better thank me for this extremely positive review . - by Nathan Cook
 This game is pretty coolyou can adopt a dog and take it for a walk and play with it and enter competitionsonce bad thing about this game is that you ca n't play it for a really long timeyou can only teach each dog a few tricks every day you can only take it for a walk about every half hour and can only do 3 showsthe dogs are pretty cutethe graphics are pretty good its fun when you get points and can get a new dog or a new housewhats also really fun is if you find a mario kart you can play with the car and the dogs chase it
 This was my first ever ds game . played it the whole summer and did n't get bored . Awsome is the word to describe this .
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter . she enjoys it as one of her `` favs '' . she finds it easy to play and i hear her giggle quite often when playing because the puppies are so cute . I recommend this game for any kids that love animals !!
 I personally like this game to play from time to time when I need a break from the day 's activities . Initially it seems like a lot of work , and like it takes you forever to get any special , unloackable breeds . However , after a while , the newness wears off . If you like constant stimulation and active gaming , then this probably is n't the right game for you.However , because i live a decently busy lifestyle , it 's nice to use this game to calm down in the evening and to get my mind off of everything . I do wish you could have `` overall stats '' to see on the puppy , like intelligence level , obedience level , speed/stamina , that kind of thing , and that you could breed your dogs . It 's like they do have different temperaments , and I would love to know how well I would do if I could breed them .
 I really enjoy this game . It is fun to raise a puppy , train it , feed it , and enter it into contests .
 I love this game . I am holly age 9 . This is the best game for any aged boy or girl . It is fun . you recieve mone from contests , you walk and care for your dog -LRB- s -RRB- , you can renovate your home , dress up your dog , basicly do anything with your dogs . You can by new dogs at an average of $ 530 , you get 200-300 bucks from first place in contests . There is 3 types of contests , obedience , agility , and disk trials . You can do bark mode , inviting someone else 's dog over to play , and a lot of other cool stuff . I have had daschound and friends for a year , dalmation and friends for a month and I am still not tired of it . My best friend , a 10 year old named Olivia loves it and she has had it for 2 years and 3 weeks . she loves it , and she has 8 dogs . She is constantly selling her dogs to buy new ones . All of you guys reading this comment will luv the game.P.S . it has really realisic graphics and addicting music . I have the theme in my ipod ! the puppies are all soooo cute ! :-RRB- Very happy with this buy , both of the nintendog games . it does not matter what one you buy because when your trainer points increase the kennel gets a new breed of dog .
 I bought the game for my little sister as a gift and she loves it . She plays it everyday . It was definitely a good idea to get as I came to find out it was a very popular game for the system . Not only was she able to raise her own dog and what not but she was able to connect with her friends and have their dogs interact .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 10-year old granddaughter . It arrived timely and she tells me she loves it!Marilyn FitzgeraldCarlsbad , CA
 I bought this Nintendo DS game as a Christmas present for my niece and she loves playing it . You have to feed , walk , train , etc. your pet . She really enjoys it .
 FUN
 People who say its dumb im noat going to say anything bad a bout you but i love this game
 It was exactly one year ago when I found out about Nintendogs , I was n't feeling very good , but I went to CPK for my mom b-day . To think that I might not have gone ! It was then that my cousin let me try her Nintendogs and I instantly fell in love with it , but because I had no allowance i had to wait until Christmas . But it was deffinately worth it . Most people say that it 's a good game for people who ca n't have a dog . But I think it 's good for anyone who really likes dogs . i have two dogs so I should know . And ever since I picked it up , I could n't put it down . Okay , so first , you have to decide which version is right for you . Each one has 6 differant breeds to choose from which you can see on the Nintendogs websit \ e. And know that no matter which version you get , you 'll be able to unlock all of the dog breeds . But make sure to choose one that has most of your favorite dogs becuase unlocking them could take a while . If you already have a dog , you might want to choose the version that has that dog . Otherwise , pick one with dogs that interest you . This was the version that I chose becase I had recently gotten a golden retriever . Then comes the hard decision of choosen which breed to get first . Just remember that you can own up to eight dogs , so you can get your second choise later . If you have a dog , or one that interests you , pick that one , otherwise , try out a dog . Then you need to pay attention to other aspects in your dog , like gender , color , or most important , personality , each dog has a unique personality . tap the dog that you like and read up . There is no such thing as a bad personality , sure some can be called mischieveious , or selfish , but keep in mind that none are considered agressive , I have had one of those `` selfish '' ones , and although it was quite true , i still loved it anyway . I have to go do my homework , though stay tuned for a `` My Favorite Game 2 '' i plan to write more ! : -RRB-
 To me nintendogs is a great game for children like me . My dad bought it for me once it came out and when I got my DS . Nintendogs can also teach kids like me responsibility . In nintendogs when you get it -LRB- and you should ! -RRB- you first of all have to go to the kennel to buy your dog.I got a black pug . Then when you get home you teach your dog to respond to the name you want it to have . After that you can teach your dog it 's first command sit . Then you can take it out for a walk and go to the park , discount shop , or the gym to practice for a agility trial . There is also a disc competition , or a obedience trial . You can also go on bark mode to play with your friend 's dog . Also other stuff I know you 're going to love ! BUY ONE NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!
 hey i saw questions and here r answers : * Do the Nintendogs go to the restroom ? - Yes , on walks mostly * Do you get to name your Pup , or you have to pick a name like is ? - U name it whatever u want using the DS 's bilt in microphone * Do you have a house or ... ?? - u start out wit a house , but u can buy bigger and nicere 1s * When you take your pup out walking can your route be very long ? - as long as u 'd like * Do you take your dog to the vet if sick or something ? - not sure ... . probably * What do you do when or if you pup runs away ? - it runs away when u forget 2 do stuff like feed or water for a couple of days , but it will come back within a week usuallyWell , there r the answers . All in all this is definitley the BEST game for DS . BUY IT !!!!!!! hope i helped
 nintendogs is a really fun game , it is also addicting !! i give it 5 stars , nice work nintendo i really love this game
 Nintendogs is sooooo cool . I 'm serious . If you do n't have it buy it now ! It 's awsome . You choose which dog you want and play with it . You have to support your dog by getting money from winning contests , selling items etc. . You have to feed it and play with it and give it exersise . BUY IT NOW ! -LRB- I 'm not trying to become advertisment -RRB-
 This game is great . Some people ca n't have a dog where they live , so this game is an awesome replacement . It 's a perfect simulator , with good graphics but graphics is n't all about it . You get to clean your dog , walk him/her , play fetch , buy toys , and other fun things . You get to name your dog and teach him/her tricks -LRB- you even get you use voice commands -RRB- . You can listen to the fanboys and not get this game , or you can listen to someone who 's actually played it and loved it . One more thing , this game is n't coming out for the PSP because it 's NINTENDOgs .
 listen you make think it is annoying that i wrote six reveiws and changed my rating . but here is why . 3 weeks after i got my 8th dog i was desperate for another dog so i had to donate my dog it was heartbreaking.why can you just have as many dogs as you wantIf you do n't want your dog to poop then when your dog stops tug at it . I do n't do that because that is mean.For disc try do do short throws first so your dog can get used to catching i know i said this in m last reveiw but the last disc you practice with is the one you enter withfor agility to do ths seesaw make sure your dog does not touch the ground before the seesaw landsfor obeidience teach your dog jump by tapping the air teach your dog beg by sliding the stylus from the belly to the snount . for stand while in a begging position take your dogs paw and lift it up.That was some advice my best dog gracie my pug won the agility and disc competiton -LRB- 1rst place -RRB- and the begginers class of obeidiancetip before entering obeidiance make sure you give your dog a bath . Nintendogs is n't as fun as it used to be now that i had it for over a month but it is still fun
 I have enough money for this game and I got to play the demo game and I loved it but I ca n't find it at the store because they are out . which STINKS !!!!!!! it is so cute it is like you have your own dog ! this game is soooooooo popular it was even out of stock on wal-mart . com so get one while you can they are going VERY fast !!! -LRB- you only need one version of this game it has all the dogs you just have to unlock them -RRB- : P
 - From a twelve year olds point of view . ^ ^ I was flicking around the web when i went onto my usual website -LRB- Habbo Hotel -RRB- and i found an advertisement for nintendogs , at first i clicked off it , but when it appeared again i thought
 Raising a dog can be fun ... and Nintendogs prooves it . You play with your dog , feed it , walk it , grrom it , train it ... basically it 's like a raising a real dog but it does n't pee on your clothes and eat your furniture . The best draw about this game is acquiring trinkets from dog walks and competing in competitions . The one draw back is that this game punishes you if you don ' ; t play it . Just like in real life , if you ignore your dog , it will get dirty , hate you , and eventually run away . Well if you do n't oplay Nintendogs for a week or so , your dog is filthy , it wo n't obey you , it 's near starving ... and it hates you . So often times you feel obligated to play the game even when you do n't want to .
 I bought this for my daughter thinking she would really enjoy playing it . I guess that was an understatement . She absolutely loves this game so much that she does not play ToonTown Online as much anymore.The game is easy to understand and play -LRB- my daughter is 12 -RRB- . It also has great graphics and sounds . It 's funny to hear the puppies barking as she plays.If you 're looking for a good birthday present or something nice to buy you child ... then this is for you .
 Have you ever dreamed of having your very own puppy , but your parents say you 'll forget about it and never take care of it , and bla bla bla about all that stuff . Well have I got good news for you . Nintendo DS has come out with a new game that allows you to a puppy to call your own!I would have to say the main reason I recommend this game is just because it 's a real life experience especially for kids that have never owned a dog . They 'll find out that having a dog is n't always easy and can some times be a real drag . And for you parents out there that do n't like dogs , but your kids have always wanted there own puppy , maybe you can spend a few bucks on the game and get them to shut up for a while!Another reason I believe kids will really love this game is because it has such good graphics . For example when your petting your dog the hair actually moves like it would move on a real dog , it 's not like rubbing a statue like it is with most video games dealing with animals . In some animal games they look like they are tied to strings , while in this game the dogs look and move as if they were actual dogs.Also for you parents out there that are looking for a game for your children that does n't have all the violence of most today 's video game . And not only the fact that it has no violence it also teaches responsibility , while they have fun . All they think is that they finally get to play their game . While they actually are being responsible for their dog because they have to feed and water their dogs , but do n't tell the kids that their actually learning something they 'll never want to play it.Ok , I know what your sitting there thinking `` this is a pretty boring game , I mean all it is is you have a dog , and oh goody I get to feed it and water it , oh fun . '' Well guess what YOUR WRONG ! This game has much so much more than that ; so much that I 'll have to start from the beginning . So , you start off with just enough money to buy a dog and a few supplies . Now you 're probably thinking `` how do you get more money '' well I 'm getting there . After you get your puppy home , name it , feed it , water it , and teach it to sit you can take it out for its first walk -LRB- do n't ask me why it has to learn to sit -RRB- . You can take it for a walk to the park , dog supply store , or to the gym to work on agility . If you train your dog for agility you could go home and sign your dog in for an agility trial . You can also sing your dog up for disc competitions and obedience trials . Depending on how you place depends on how much money you make.Finally , I would have to say that from personal experience that the girls usually like this game more than the guys . Not saying that the guys do n't like it do n't get me wrong , but the girls normally like it better than the guys , and normally kids of the ages of seven to fifteen like it the most . So give a puppy a chance and try Ninten Dogs.By : Jessie Leigh
 I loved this game , and when I first got it , I was totally addicted.But you see , I was prepared , as I had been practicing on my friend 's dogs , and since , in barely 2 weeks , I had eight dogs . . three champions , so pretty soon the game lost it 's touch.I 'm not saying it 's a bad game , but soon , after you win contests , have a lot of items , etc , it does get a little boring.You ca n't get any more dogs without giving any away and the screen saying '' You and _ your dogs name _ has parted ways `` and your dogs are looking terribly sad , therefore making you feel terrible about giving you dog away and you do n't get a new adventure with a new dog.And worst of all , the dogs are so lifelike and you also have to feed , bathe and walk them , if you either get a new game you like more or you just feel like the game 's lost it 's touch , you feel bad for the dogs and end up wasting time -LRB- this is especially bad for me , as I have a time limit for electronics -RRB- on feeding , washing and walking your dog . Once again , it 's a great and clever game for people who live in apartments and ca n't have a dog -LRB- like me -RRB- , or ca n't afford one , has allergic reactions , or just wants it for fun , but once again , people should consider it first , as like all never-ending games like this , there 's a simple concept.But I do admit , I hope one day to see a `` Nintendogs 2 '' , which does n't exist , with newer things to do such as taking your dogs to other places -LRB- like a themepark -RRB- , newer ideas such as your dogs can move ALL around the house and have their very own room that you can decorate , new breeds , contests and items , and , my favorite part , if you gave away your dog , being able to see it on walks.I still play the game a lot , but I as am waiting for Nintendogs 2 , if it ever comes out . - Alexandra S.
 Nintendodogs is the reason why I forked over $ 125.00 on payday.I started the game in eager wait to see my new pup and picked a black female Pug . As I got in my car it asked me what I would like to name her and to call her name ... WHAT THE ... ! When I bought this game I had no idea that you could talk to your dog and they would listen -LRB- well no not really but you know what I mean -RRB- This game is perfect for people who love dogs,violence-free games , or just simulation games in general . This game might not be for everyone though , if you hate games that run slow or become repetive this is not the game for you.Edit
 Well first of all , please do n't read the other review -LRB- s -RRB- and panic because Nintendogs been compared to `` 1984 '' . That 's absurd , honestly . It 's a simple game , and like many things in life you get out of it what you put into it.First off , you do n't need to spend hours & hours with this game . Just 20-40 minutes a day will do . But it is best when played several times a day , every day.Our journey begins at the kennel , where you choose your starter puppy -LRB- intial breeds vary upon which Nintendogs version you buy , but eventually all breeds become available -RRB- . Once you choose your puppy , you buy some basic supplies and head on home , where you begin to train it.Training utilizes the DS microphone function . When training , you need to speak clearly and about 6 inches away from the microphone , and because of this , I 'd say skip this game for kids under than 8 . It 's also important that you do n't yell and speak in the same tone each time you talk to your puppy . Your first mission is to teach your puppy their name , then you move on to teaching them commands & tricks -LRB- sit , shake , wag , beg , lay down , and so forth -RRB- . In Nintendogs you will also need to provide our dog with regular feedings , waterings , walkings , and bathings . In the beginning , your dog will not walk very far , but as you progress in the game the walks become longer , and can take a bit of time , so it 's best to have some patience when playing this game . And in this game , your patience can be rewarded with prizes that your puppy finds for you . The gifts can be sold for money -LRB- used to buy more supplies and puppies -RRB- , or used with your puppy -LRB- hats , glasses , wigs , collars , and so on to decorate your puppy with -RRB- . Bathing your puppy is also fun , and a necessary chore to have your pup win in certain competitions.Competitions are the way you earn money in Nintendogs -LRB- used to buy supplies for your puppy -RRB- . There 's a frisbee tournament , an agility tournament , and an obedience tournament . Each one has practice areas in the game , and the competitions are all very short -LRB- there are 4 levels of mastery in each area of competition -RRB- and fun to do . They are something you have to do in this game , to buy things to keep your puppy happy . Besides that , competitions are a good way to raise your trainer points.Trainer points are bascially experince points , and once you collect a set amount of trainer points , certain things become unlocked . These things include new puppy supplies , new environments to buy , and previously unavailable breeds . This is really your incentive for playing the game . For along with unlockables , your dog will also begin finding more rare items in the game , you can sell these , as they worth more money than the regular items in the game , or you can keep them to put them to use later in the game.This game is really innovative , the kind of innovative that Nintendo is known for . And while it will have it 's naysayers , the game is fun for those with time , paitence , and a fondness for puppies . The game is more complex than I could ever get across in an amazon review , but is really pure and simple joy .
 This game is the new hype from Japan -LRB- sold 700.000 units so far before reaching USA -RRB- and is the best so far ! It 's as if u own a real dog . When i first played it i did n't think the dogs would act that much lik a real dog but to my suprise , they did ! Their movements were random and behaved how a reguluar dog should . When u first get ur dog u first have to teach it its name which may or may not take a while . To do this you simply use the microphone inside your DS and eventually it will respond to it . The microphone in the Ds will be usual to teach ur dogs many commands and once you feel ur dog has been trained well enough you can enter your dog in competitions . Of course you 'll have to assist your dog in the training but it heavely relies on how trained your dog is . If you win the competition you win money which u can spend on eithr items for ur dogs , or a whole enw dog!You can also of course play with ur dog with a frisbee , chew toy , pet ur dog , and other stuff that u would normally do to paly with ur dog . You can also take ur dog for a walk and may even meet new friends -LRB- in game and real life friends !!! -RRB- You can meet new dogs in the game and ur dog can interact with other ppl playing the DS no matter wat version they own . By meeting an owner 's dog from a different version u can unlock the dog in your very own version . There are 3 version of Nintendogs -LRB- much like Pokemon -RRB- and each include different dogs . You can check the box cover or read the detailed description on this site to find out what dog u DO N'T need to unlock . The dogs named on the box are the ones instantly available . The ones not mentioned or are on other version u must unlock . But all Nintendog version contains all the dogs . U just have to unlock them.To meet other Nintendogs player u set ur DS in bark mode and close your DS -LRB- ur not actually turning it off . it 's sorta like a sleep mode -RRB- and ur DS will bark when another Nintendog player is nearby . You can exchange gifts and even send messages to each other!f you have never owned a dog or wish you could take your dog wherever you go then this is the game for you ! It 's an excellent dog simulator . If you want to test it out before you buy it , i believe Toys R Us and Gamestop has a demo that you can try out . It doesnt allow you to do everything but it gives a great taste of the game . I already found it addictive when i tried just the demo.As for the so called `` PSP version '' one will never exist . The keyword is NINTENDOgs . Its owned by Nintendo and its actaully one of them reasons its outselling the PSP . The graphics for this game are already great on the DS and i ca n't imagine much a change on the PSP . The PSP also lacks the touch screen which is used very well is used very well to interact with ur dogs and the PSP also lacks a microphone.But overall this game is great and is actaulyl worth something to be hyped up about !
 My sister and I both love Nintendogs , even though I 'm the only one who has a DS Lite . My sister plays Nintendogs all the time though -- when I let her !! She has a pink Game Boy Advance , I have a Polar White Nintendo DS . She has dogs and about fifteen other games for her GBA . Nintendogs was my first ever game . Nintendogs is sooooo cool and kid-friendly . I 'd say it 's for kids five and up -- it 's very easy for kids and adults -LRB- even techno-challenged ones :D -RRB- to understand . Please buy this game for your son/daughter they will be delighted with it !
 Let me start by saying , I 'm a Nintendo Junkie , even at age 39 ! With that said , I have enjoyed this game immensely . One really can play with this game for hours ; there are several different things to do . You can walk your dog -LRB- do n't forget to scoop the poop or your neighbors will complain ! -RRB- , you can practice for contests , you can enter into contests , you can play with your dog with different toys or sports items and you can even play music in the form of a record or a keyboard . You may have to GENTLY remind frustrated little ones to speak a command the same way every time for the dog to learn it . I have also found that speaking in a relatively low monotone voice can be helpful as far as recognition of commands . Even my 5-year-old can play this albeit her voice being so `` young '' , it has a difficult time understanding her voice but she can otherwise participate in the other activities . And if you 're really good with your dogs , they 'll run away and bring back presents!The game itself is relatively simple but Nintendo really outdid it self for a game that can be played for hours and even days without getting boring -LRB- we 've been playing with ours for months now -RRB- . We took this game along on a car trip and never tired of it during the long ride.I do feel that this game is better suited for the younger crowd ; I think teens might find it a bit boring since there really is not that much skill involved . Elementary school level students seem to love it and it really is a cleverly designed game with wonderful graphics that can be a lot of fun .
 I have had Nintendogs for about a week . I do n't get to play much because my 22 year old son stole it from me and now he is training my dog . Neither one of us has much time to play , but we love to take Sega for walks and train him . It 's a sweet little game and children , teens and adults all will have lots of fun with it . It has training manuals , stores to buy food and water and toys . I like the interaction with the stylus too . It almost feels like our puppy is really real . I miss not being able to pick him up and hold him tho . Now if Nintendo can ever solve that little problem , no one would be able to stop them !
 yesterday was the best day of my life ! i got a ds and nintendogs . i poped it in and officialy got my lab . i named it labee and i had to say it about 3 times . anyway me and labee went on a walk with low energy and found 2 tissue boxes . we went on more walks after 30 minutes and i have about found 50 things in less than 5 days ! my dogs energy was so up we could of walked hours ! anyway we found more stuff and i had tought her to catch frisbee in the park and we won the beganer , open and expert class and i had more than 10000 trainer point and we got first place so i had like 2000 dollars ! i bought a house and another dog and this dog does cool new things ! and i enetered it in 3 agility levels.and we came in first in all of them so thats about another 1000 trainer points and money and i decided to teach some tricks and it learned it in 3 hours witch i know because it has a time ! and i thought the other dog and this time it was under 1 hour.WOW its just like real dog , you have to taech it everything !! i got a new dog and more than 4 toys for them to play with together and i did the same thing with the dog so now i have 3 dogs who act diffrent and play diffrent and walk diffrent and learn diffrent so thats all you need to know but there is waaaaaaaaaay more cool things in it ! and i did all this in 4 weeks . this is a great and long game !
 This game is genius . Great graphics , awesome puppies , and tons of things to do . Lets just clear one thing up though . There WILL NOT BE A PSP VERSION OF NINTENDOGS . The PSP lacks 2 very important needs for Nintendogs - the Touch Screen , and the Voice Rec . How would you pet your puppy ? How would you train your puppy ? Come on people common sence here ! But I did hear that there may be a GameCube version of Nintendogs that uses a microphone just like Mario Party 5 ... . Anyway , Nintogs is a great game , and even if you do get bored with your puppy , you can purchase another pup , or re-set your game .
 Those stupid idiots hate nintendogs ! This WILL help you to know what it is like to have a fun life with a dog ! I with over 12000 training points has had this ninitendog game for almost 2 months and I still love this game and same with my friends and family . I have a friend named Samantha and she is obsessed with the wonderful game and wrote 3 good reveiws about this . A couple of my friends are interested in this game and you should be too .
 this paragraph is for people who dont own a dsWelcome to nintendogs , the only virtual game were you may have as many puppies as you wish and get to take care of them as real dogs ! first you are at the kennel picking the breed . lets say you pich a husky like me . then you are taking to the place were the huskys are and you are given the price and the description of each dog ! pick the one you want and of you go ! first you have to pet and love the puppy so it gets comfortable in its new home and after its calmed down you will teach its name and then types its name . lets say you name it sasha like me ! after that you must call its name into the mic and get it to come to you ONLY with voice command ! you do the same thing with the sit command and then your new life with your puppy begains . you must go shopping for it so you click on go to and you click on shopping and then you click on pet supply ! you can buy water , diffrent brand of foods , frisbee in diffrent colors , and shampoo for long hair or short hair . a husky has long hair so get the green bottle . the graphics of the items are amazing when you see them in the top screen . then you must buy a brush for long hair and long hair only because you own a husky -LRB- well i do but its just an example -RRB- anyway now you go home and take care of your dogs needs . you may up to 99 things and the long hair brush is expensive so only need one ! the shampoo you may want to get 3 of ! and food and water , you may want to start at 20 . also you only need one frisbee ! anyway lets say its time for a walk and you set to the map . your dog has low energy so you want to go on a short walk . if you want your dog to have more energy then you have to take on lots of walks ! when your dogs energy hits bottom than you cant returun home witch you need to ! if you want to continue the game ! there is 5 places on the map you can go to ! big park at the top , small park at the side , gym at the right , pet supply store -LRB- there is three pet stores ! one is at your house were you can get to it with out the walk and the other two you can get to from walks . they all have diffrent prices and the highest priced store is the one located in your house ! -RRB- and so on . in the park you may find dogs to play with but you cant teach them tricks . iv seen my dog make friends and enemies . the dogs have a feeling on everywere you pet . if you touch the tail it will get mad . if you hit its paw it will move it and every dog may act the same but every dog has diffrent personalaty ! in the gym you may practice for agility contests . and in the stores you can buy stuff at diffrent prices ! lets say your puppy is really obedient after 1 or 2 days and you want to enter the obedience contest . first you here whose in lead and you may here some dogs youv met ! and then you will here how many points or tricks you must preform and then you begain ! they will tell you simple thing like shake and sit or lie down and your dog has to be ready because there is time . and there will be tricks like . . hold sit for 3 seconds ! its hard but sooo fun . then if you win first place you get a trophy and 100 dollars also a chance in the open level ! if you come in second you get 5o dollars ! in the frisbee catching one you may want to use the white frisbee because they are fast ! and there is levels like if your dog catches it in the red level it will get 10 points ! or in the orange it will get like 3 point but an additional one point if they catch it in the air ! anyway your dog may stop and play with the frisbee so call its name or tap on the screen . in the agility trial you will have to teach your dog to run fast , jump , go through hurdles and you can teach it this at the gym then when your ready you may enter for money ! you can play with toys also like jump rope , tug-o-war , ballons , bubbles , tennis balls , bubble blower , and sooooooo much more ! i love the ballons because you can blow them with the mic and you can throw them to your dogs and them pop it or play with it too much that it pops . and the jump rope is good for my two dogs because i have a small dog and it trips . aww its too cute . my dogs have done more than 60 things that real dogs would do . anyway this is and awsome game and you will love it !!! if you have any quastion and are not sure of buying nintendogs , then just ask me i will check everyday and will anwser you quastion !!!!! NINTENDOGS RULE . be sure to put your title to `` i need help ''
 this is a great game ! the graphics are great , and its very fun ! if your a dog lover or not , chances are youll love this game !
 My brother got this game for his birthday , but it came late , so when it came it was a big deal . Then , I was really excited for him , so I wanted to watch him play it . I did , and it was so much fun just watching ! The day after that , I bought myself the game , and am so excited to start playing it !!! The only thing I did n't like was that it took a long time to teach your puppy tricks and its name , etc. . My brother let me try to do the voice commands and it 's really fun ! It 's just kind of frustrating to get the dog 's attention and teach them things . Overall , it 's a GREAT game . I bought the DS basically for the game only . You can love this game even if you do n't love dogs . It 's very realistic . I hope everyone who wants it will get it !!!!! It rocks my socks !
 This game was the reason that I bought a Nintendo DS . Everyone at work was playing this game , and I had to join in on the fun . I 'm not talking about 12 year old girls , but 30-something men . Everyone is playing this , and loves their dogs.PROS : - The dogs are absolutely adorable . Their facial expressions are incredibly realistic . It 's fun to walk them , care for them , train them , and have them compete in contests . - Bark Mode encourages people to hook up so their dogs can play . It gives you a chance to exchange items and dog breeds with other players -LRB- if the other player has a dog of a breed that you do not have , that breed will become available after meeting them -RRB- . CONS : - the game is fun and the dogs are adorable , but gameplay can quickly become boring . Player is only allowed to teach their dog 3 new tricks per day , and can only enter 3 competitions per day . Dogs can only be walked about every 45 minutes or so -LRB- real time -RRB- . Suggest that as player goes on , they buy more dogs to train/compete/walk / make money with , otherwise , you will quickly run out of things to do . `` Petting '' your dog and throwing tennis balls does not provide player with that much gaming enjoyment . - My dog was doing fine up until day 3 , when he suddenly stopped performing many tricks , as well as began confusing one trick with another . I had to un-learn many of his tricks , and re-teach him . I 'm still having this problem , although not as badly as before . Also , dog frequently mixes up commands , even though the verbal commands sound nothing like one another . - Whenever you go to competitions , you are forced to scroll screen by screen thru the commentators ' repetitive remarks . There 's no way to bypass all their talking.Overall - This is a fun game , but you 'll never get the long-term play out of it that you will out of a Mario game . I think in a few months time , there will be many orphaned Nintendogs waiting for adoption at the cyber dog pound.Graphics
 My children really enjoyed this game for quite some time . My five-year-old now has it and plays it a great deal . This one I got my money 's worth for the amount of time the kids used it .
 I love this game ! I am a 13 year old , but its so much fun ! I have the dachshund one , i have 2 dogs already ! they r so sweet , and i love how you can call there names and use it to make them do tricks . They are so much like dogs in real life ! Its awesome , though when my dog wears a collar the graphics messed up a little bit , but overall a great buy !
 I ca n't wait for this game ! I have to wait one month , three weeks , one day for Chanukah . :-RRB- I am definatly going to write another review once I get the game.I have looked at this game so much I think I could recite the page . : -RRB- P.S.Amazon , the kids review is a great idea.It lets kids give their side of the product .
 This is a great game . It teaches you responsibility , it 's really fun , and if you need a pet , but you ca n't get one , then this is the game for you !!!!! Also , it 's fun even if you do have a pet -LRB- I have a cat , she 's fun , but if she 's alsleep or something , i 'll play on my DS . It 's like a pet on the go !!!!!
 While the game was fairly frustrating to both kids -LRB- ages 8 and 10 -RRB- at first , they quickly caught on and were accumulating points and `` money '' for their dogs and becoming master trainers . I like the fact that my daughter has stopped asking us for a dog -LRB- at least for now ! -RRB- . I recommend this to anyone , although I would say not for anyone under the age of 7 .
 This is a great game . It is so much fun to train your dog -LRB- s -RRB- and compete . Also just feeding/bathing/walking them is fun . They are all so cute . They need to come out with a whole line with cats hamsters and other animals .
 First off pay no attention to the review below about waiting for the PSP version . I do n't know what `` Objective Gamer '' is thinking but Nintendogs is a Nintendo made product , hence the name NINTENdogs . Hell will freeze over and pigs will fly before you ever see a PSP version of this game . Honestly , PSP fanboys are everywhere and are very good at shoveling ... well you know.As for the game itself , it is a joy to play . Pick from one of 6 breeds depending on your game version -LRB- All versions have all the breeds but the additional 12 not found in your version are unlocked via wireless or owner points -RRB- . From there you use the stylus and microphone to play with your puppy , train him/her and compete in competitions . Very easy to get into and seeing your puppy respond you never gets old .
 Bought this as a birthday present for my girlfriend and she loves it .
 This game is pawsome ! I do n't have it yet but my niece and nefew have it -LRB- They are both older than me -RRB- . It is sooooo fun ! You can get alot of dogs . I 'm going to get a retiever named Lily St.Regas -LRB- From little orphan Annie -RRB- . Then a huskey named Balto . Then a pug named Max -LRB- my real pug -RRB- . Last a I 'm going to unlock the Sheba Inu and get one named Akita Nan.You can go for walks and enter competissions . Plus there are sooooooooo many toys and clothes . Here 's how I rate the game.Cuteness A+G raphics A-Sounds AGameplay B + -LRB- Not really a point to the game . BUT STILL FUN !!!!! -RRB- Overall A -
 I love this game.You can do anything from playing with the dogs at home or taking them for a walk to the park.You can play for a little while or a long time.The dogs arae there waiting for you.It 's impossible to put down.I love this game.I would go buy it if you do n't have it .
 this is to the reviewer titeld `` anyone ??? '' to restart the game push A , B , X , Y , L , R all at the same time .
 This game is awesome ! If you love dogs this is the game for you !
 This game seemed really cool when i decided to buy it , but when I started playing it , I got bored . If you do n't practice the commands for training every day , you little pooch forgets them , and if you do n't say the command exactly the same everytime , it wo n't work . And there are limited things to do with your Nintendog , only a few contests that get old after a while . The game is fun to play for a day or two , but do n't buy it , rent it .
 Nintendogs is quite possibly the coolest thing to ever come to the DS . Scratch that . The entire gaming world . What system could possibly be better for this game . Plus , THIS GAME WILL NEVER COME OUT ON THE PSP . The main functions of this game rely on the touch pad and microphone which the PSP DOES NOT HAVE ! Gosh ! Anyway , awesome game . Buy it . NOW !
 I do n't have this game , though I was intending to get it before money crunches caused me to decide to save for other games.Anyways , a kids review said `` wait for the PSP version of nintendogs `` Do n't wait for it . Why ? Because , Nintendogs is published -LRB- put out for people to buy -RRB- by Nintendo . Nintendo is a video games company that is in competition with Sony -LRB- who produce the PSP -RRB- , so why would they put a game that is fairly popular on a competitors system?The only way that nintendogs would be on the PSP is if nintendo went third party -LRB- meaning they make games for all systems -RRB- or second party -LRB- they are owned by a company , say Sony , but they do n't actually use the sony name -RRB- Nitnendo has tons of money that they are sitting on . They are n't going out of business/third party any time soon , so like I said , do n't wait for the PSP version of nintendogs . -LRB- this review is n't to be used as stock info , so ... do n't take it as such ! I take no responsibility for whatever you do off this review ! -RRB-
 My 7 year old daughter loves the nintendogs series and this was the first she picked up . The only thing that concerns me here on Amazon is the PRICE . I assume they are out of print , or whatever , since the price is ridiculous on all of them . Go on ebay and they go for 10 with shipping . Much better deal , especially for the lifespan of the DS games . -LRB- ie
 This game is great , really cute and fun . Honestly I ca n't see any promblems with it , and I bet the new 3D ones are just spectacular . I have an adorable beagle pup named Taffy -LRB- great at disc/obediance -RRB- and a dachshund named C.M. -LRB- Cinnamon , great at agility . -RRB- Geez , my dwarf hamster keeps scaring me over there ... well , bye !
 My daughter really enjoys playing Nintendogs Dachshund & Friends . She plays this game because she really enjoys taking care of her dogs and having it learn new tricks .
 My daughter has another Nintendogs edition and she absolutely loves it . We just bought a fluke , because it malfunctioned so we are returning it , but I 'm sure the game is just great like the other one is !
 Okay , first off , I do n't have nintendogs.But my best friend does , and she lives next door and brings it everyday!She has the Labrador one , and she does n't have any real pets because she 's allergic , so this is a first for her.But I have a Shih Tzu , and now I 'm getting the Dachshund one in a few weeks so I 'll have my real dog , and a golden retriever -LRB- they 're my favorite ! -RRB- And then in Bark Mode -LRB- which you and a friend 's dog meets up -RRB- I 'll be able to get a labrador from my friend.This game is really worth the $ 30 or $ 40 to buy it.Don ' t believe me?Well , here 's the list -- Wonderfully puppy like graphics-Wonderfully puppy like emotions-You can walk your dog , feed your dog , clean your dog , train your dog,etc.-Your dog can never grow up and/or die , so you can be 10 right now and be playing in 20 years ! - Incredibly fun and unable to put down ! - Your dog recgonizes your voice!And last you are able to ... Get any dog from any game if you A -RRB- Do Bark Mode , many many times or B -RRB- Get plenty of trainer points from contests , walks , or just playing with your dog!Superiorly fun , this is the new Hey You , Pikachu without the imaginary friends!I 'm certain that Nintencats will come out , and if it does , I 'll have virtual versions of my cats and my dog ! ^_^ Believe me , you wo n't be dissapointed with this game !
 Okay , I do n't have this game , yet . But I really , really , really , really ... -LRB- 10,987,654 years 3 hours 2 min . and 1 sec . later -RRB- really , really , really want it . At firs , when I say the commercial , I thought it would be boring . Until my friend invited me to the pool . After 2 hours , it started to pour , so we had to leave . I could n't come to her party last weekend , so I asked her how it was . I knew she 'd gotten the Chihwawa version for Cristmas , so I asked her how fun it was . She said it was awsome !!! I could n't believe it . She told me how she was saving up for this house , in the game , but had n't played it in a while . When I asked what difference did it make , she said she did n't know if the dogs would get hungry and mabey die after a while . Since she said it was fun , I wanted to see it in action myself . So we agreed to ceck out the dogs when we got to her house . The dogs were n't dead , but they neede a good bath , and some walking . I also found out that you get stuff on the walks and meet other dogs while at my frinds house . Something else I found really cool was that the dogs could hear you through a speaker thing . It was a really , really fun game . Some other things I leared from this game , from reading reveiws , is that you can get ALL the DOGS from ALL the VERSIONS . You have to earn them though . You can also go into competions , put some dogs in the doggy hotel -LRB- no limet -RRB- , you can only have 3 dogs at your house , you can onley start out with one dog , you start with $ 1000 dollors to by one dog and supplies , you have to always buy more food and water , and you can either sell or keep things your dog finds on walks , and thats about all I know about the game . They also make nintendog plush animals , and little robot ones to . I want the german shepherd one for christmas . The nintendogs game is my 2 thing on my list , and te plush one is my third . The reason is because I do n't have a nintendo ds to play the game . I never thought I would need one . I lived on the computer until now . Anyway , you wo n't like this game if you onley just like dogs , because the game revolves around them . You have to love dogs o like this game . They are my favorite animal , so I will like it .
 Its a really fun game you can take your dogs for a walk , put them in contests and win money for more dogs or supply for the dogs.you get to give them a bath , feed them , and brush their hair . This is a great game dont get me wrong , but if you already have a dog spend time with your real one , and either save this for the plane/car or dont buy it because the real dog is more important .
 First off , if you do n't like dogs , this game is probably not for you . Most of the negative reviews for this game are hilarius ! Like wait for the PSP port ! They 're all wrote by , how should I put this , absurd people.Nintendogs is a puppy simulator . You pick a puppy based on your verson -LRB- But many are unlockable -RRB- . You can teach your dog it 's name and many tricks . You can take them on walks , find items , enter conpetitions -LRB- to earn money -RRB- , and more . However , this is not meant to be a 100 % substitute for a puppy . But then again , my dog cost around $ 200 and I have to pay to feed it and clean up after it so you ca n't count points off from Nintendogs for them including this in your game . It 's a little thing I like to call REALISM!Maybe you have a DS and need an innovative game , maybe you like dogs but can not have one or are allergic to dogs , whatever the reason , Nintendogs is a great game . The only downfall you can say is that the game can get repetive after hours of playing.Extra note
 One of the few games from the DS that makes great use of the touch screen and microphone technology . Also , possibly one of the cutest things I 've ever seen.At the start of the game , you buy a puppy from one of the pre-selected breeds in your version , and take him home . There 's actually different colors within each breed , as well as many different personalities . The puppy 's personality can greatly affect how it plays , and how well it can be trained.From here on you will be feeding , watering , washing , training , walking , and so on ... Your puppy also never ages.Walking your dog allows you to meet other dogs , increase your dog 's endurance , and find items on the streets for your dog to play with . Most everything you find early on is pretty useless , though -LRB- broken cameras , empty boxes , etc. -RRB- Playing and training your puppy allows it to gain skills to compete in doggy games for money . Really , the only way you can make money in the game to buy more puppies and supplies ! Not all dogs are great for the games , though ... -LRB- oh , my poor slow and tiny weiner dog !! -RRB- Train your puppy to come when you call its name and to do tricks using the voice function , and the stylus to pet the puppy when it is good . Training was sometimes tedeous for me , and you need to make sure to speak clearly and consistantly , and to not be in a noisy place.Use terms that do n't sound at all similar , or your puppy will be confused -LRB- ie
 When I first got this game I did not think it would be very fun . But I was WRONG ! This game makes you feel like you own an actual dog ! Not only do you get to walk it , feed it , and play with it but you get to put it in compititions and train it-just like a real dog ! Also the interaction with this game is amazing ! When you first get your dog you teach it it 's name and after a while if you just touch the touch screen and call its name into the microphone it will come to you ! Alot of the time when I am playing this game I feel like I really have a real dog and that it really knows who I am!Now although I think the interaction in this game is cool there was some stuff that bothered me in this game . For one thing you can only enter your dog in a compition 3 times a day ! Also your dog can only learn 3 or 4 tricks a day before it gets `` tired of learning '' ! One other thing i thought was a little annoying is when you draw the path you would like to take with your dog . Your dog can only go as far as its stanima -LRB- I think that 's how you spell it -RRB- allows . So when you first get your dog it can barely walk anywhere ! That annoyed me alot of the time when I was trying to take my dog to the park or the discount store on our walks ! But besides That I think this game is fun and entertaining for kids and especially good for kids who can not have a dog because of allergys or because their parents will not let them get a dog ! If you think you would like to try this game `` go for it ! '' . Graphics
 You only need ONE version of this game , as all 4 games share the same 20 breeds . you start of with 6 breeds , and as you progress in the game , you unlock another 12 breeds , 2 additional breeds are only available when you find the firemans hat -LRB- Dalmation -RRB- and Jack Russell book -LRB- Jack Russell -RRB- while out on walks with your dogs . so do n't be fooled into buying more than one version , unless it is for other siblings , so you know whose version is whose . It has taken me just under 2 months to fully unlock my game . I have all 20 breeds , all the rooms and , most of everything else , I just might have the odd record to find while out on walks.The only noticable difference is that some of the toy/sports , like the rubber bone might be available in different colours on different versions , but if a friend has it they can swap on bark mode.The walks and the constant brushing can get a bit tedious at times though . Select the dog you want carefully though , as some are harder to train than others . I have a 5 different dogs , and the Dachshund is my favorite by far.I 'm an adult with 3 kids . and 2 of my sons have this game as well , so we have 3 versions . But I still love playing this version of the game.my youngest kid has n't got this game as he is n't old enough for a ds yet .
 Nintendogs is in my opinion the best game ever made for a DS . No game can compare to the endless fun brought by it . Your adventure begins at the kennel , where you can buy the puppy of your choice , then you are ready for your new life with your dog . You can feed your puppy , wash your puppy , take it for walks , enter it in competitions , and teach it voice commands with the DS microphone . The graphics in this game are amazing , it is hard to tell a real puppy from the ones in the game . I especially like how your dog never gets any older , but remains a puppy forever . You can earn money in the competitions to buy supplies at the shops , or if you feel like saving up , you can purchase new designs for your home from the interior decorator office . You can play with your puppies using the touch screen , and you can purchase new puppies from the kennel for your dog to play with . Some people do not like this game , but I just think they are being silly , because my younger sister says that just watching me play with my puppies is fun . The only thing I do not like about this game is that you have to play with it every day , you are responsible for your puppie 's survival , which means you do not get a break . This game is exellent practice for someone who loves animals but is not ready for one yet . Though not everyone likes dogs , there are several different breeds avaliable in the three Nintendogs games , and you will probably find at least one of them irresistible . I have the Miniature Dachshund and friends version , and I have earned almost all the breeds avaliable . So remember , as your trainer points increase , you will eventually earn all the breeds from every game . Also as your trainer points increase , you can earn new things at the store and new rooms at the interior decorator , you will also find incresingly rarer items on your walks by passing through the blue question marks . If you find yourself getting bored with the game , you do not have to worry about just leaving your dog there . By pressing L , R , A , B , X , and Y all at the same time , you can erase all you have done on your game . Another thing that I think is really cool is if you have a friend who has a DS and Nintendogs , you can visit eachother using Bark Mode . You and your friend can talk and even send short voice messages all while your puppies play together . After playing this game for even just a few short minutes you will find yourself saying , `` Is n't everything in life better with a puppy ? `` Bobby-Joage 12
 I am under thirteen . I do not have the game . Now that we hove gotten that straight , I can tell you how I know the game . The other day , my cousin came over and brought his Nintendo DS and Nintendogs Dachshund and friends . He immediately bought my sister and me a pup , and before you know it , I was consumed . I asways wanted to feed it , pet it , take it on a walk , etc. etc. . Not only was it cute , but I have always adored dogs and have never owned one . This game gives you a way to get your favorite pup forever .
 First of all , I pretty much bought my DS just so that I could play this game . I was a nano pets and tamigotchi fanatic back in the day , so I knew I would enjoy this even though I 'm almost 20 . Well , the game has lived up to my expectations !! - and more.I was initially impressed just by the touch screen of the DS because this is the first game I put into the console . When you go to pet your dog it reacts like a real dog would and you can throw a tennis ball around the room just like you would in real life . It 's so amazing what technology can do these days ! It looks really incredible.To me , the game never gets boring because every day I continue to earn trainer points and every time you hit a certain amount of trainer points -LRB- i.e. 2,000 ; 4,000 ; and so on -RRB- you can unlock another breed of dog from one of the other two versions . To get trainer points you have to do things like take your dog for a walk , brush it , and enter it into contests -LRB- bonus points if you place ! -RRB- You can also find a lot of neat items on your walks around the neighborhood . You can either keep these or sell them at the secondhand shop for cash.This game is fun and entertaining ; well worth the money . You ca n't have a DS without it !
 Okay , I do n't care what other peole say.This game is great!I live in an apartment so I ca n't have a dog.It 's great for people who do n't have dogs.I 'm totally addiccted . . three days , three dogs.It 's good for people that are allergic , or live in an apartment.Basically , you get a dog , walk it , feed it , and enter it in contests : Agility , obeidience , and disk competitions.Teach tricks , and give your dog love.Also , you can meet your friend 's dog too!And best of all-no picking up poo !
 Personally , I would like to state that this game rocks ! In my humble opinion it beats most other virtual pet games . This is n't totally kidish like tamagatchi or those tiny little handheld -LRB- creatures -RRB- . Unlike all those , you can certainly look forward to this bieng ` the ' virtual pet game . Nintendo has done a remarkable job.Talk to your pet : Like most ` real ' dogs , you can give your virtual dogs -LRB- s -RRB- commands , teach it tricks , give it a name , call it . After some pratcice your pup will come.Play games with your pup : Yes , you can play a variety of ` games ' . Well , these ` games ' are n't for you but for your pup ! Basickly , if you buy a frisbee at the local store or any other ` sport ' item you can play this with your dog . This is done using touch screen technology , which is built in to the Nintendo DS . This makes the game quite interesting compared to normal screened games of any sort.Walk your dog : Well , you ca n't have your pup sit at home all day or else it 'll run away ! Take it for a walk once in a while , take it to the park , gymnasium , find seceret locations ad items . And , clean your dogs poop!Bark Mode : With Nintendo DS ' wireless feature , you can connect with other people playing Nintendogs within your DS ' limit . Bring along a toy or speacial surprise if you 'd like ! ; -RRB- Contests : It seems this game 's awesome features never end ! : DYou can enter your dog in 3 types of contests . Disk , Agility Trail , and Obedience . Each one needs different requirements and has different competitions.In Disk , your dog has to catch a disk that you throw , the further , to more points , there is a time limit so watch out ! Also , you have to gain a certain number of points before moving on or coming to the ranks . -LRB- Top scores -RRB- In Agility Trail you are required to go to the gymnasium first . You ahve to lead your dog through certain objects ina manner of time , as well as doing well and in order . A certain number of points are required to move on or be in the ranks.In Obideience , you have to first train your dog well enough to understand some minor tricks . Afterwards , this competition will be good . You need to tell your dog to do the folowing ticks which are listed to you at the tob corner of the bottom screen . There is a given time limit , as well as their bieng a required amount of points to move on or to enter the ranks . The way your keep your pet clean and brushed will aslo be judged , so have it 's pelt clean before entering!Well , there is quite a lot more to list and explain , but I 'm afraid I 'm out of time.BTW , this wocks my sox !!!!! XD
 The game is called Nintendogs . You might htink this means what it typically means-taking care of a dog . This game is much more than that.You start the game at a kennel . You can browse the 6 different breeds of dogs and pick the one with a personality to match your own . Take your dog home and name it . You must play with it , feed it , take it for walks , etc.As the game progresses and as you , the dog owner , get better at the game , new animals and dogs unlock . You are given trainer points , or points given when , for instance , you win a competition or grow closer to your dogs . Right now I have 14,000 points!There is a new built in feature in your DS that allows you to seek wireless partners . In this game , it is called BARK MODE . You search for a wireless partner , and once found , you and one of your dogs brings along a toy and goes for a little playdate ! They play around and the dogs have alot of fun.When you get back from BARK MODE , the breed of dog your partner had is then available to you ! You can also get a present from the other owner and they will go into your friend list.The game is also very accurate as to the breeds of dogs and everything ! The creators must 've done their homework!This game is n't just a game . It teaches young children and preteens how to take care of a dog -LRB- well , tells you mostly -RRB- and it gives you a chance to fall in love with a breed ! You have to pick up after your dogs and give it love and attention . It teaches you responsibility , compassion , and love for dogs . It could cut down on animal cruelty in the future !! It makes people realize that having a dog is n't just playing with it when you want to , it makes you work for your dogs love . It makes you do all the dirty work of washing it and feeding it , and it makes you appreciate it that much more.Graphics = A + + Sound = ASomething new all the time = BDifficulty = not at all , ATouchpad = works beautifully , A + + Compassion and responsibilty taught in the game = priceless
 I got this game and a Nintendo DS two days ago , and so far everything is good . The game is a little hard at first , trying to figure out everything , but the more you play it the easier it becomes . The first thing you do in this game is pick your dog , it 's breed and gender . There is a little discription describing the dog 's breed then the personality of the dog you want to buy . All the dog 's cost about $ 500 - $ 600 . I picked a Shy Female Shih Tzu and named her Roxy.You only start out with one dog . You have to earn money by entering contests and getting top 3 . If you do n't get top three , you do n't get any money and you drop down a level . I won First Place Twice in Agility , which is definetly the easiest one -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . You can take your puppy for walks and it can socialize with other dogs . Today , i took my puppy to a park and there were two other dogs there . You can also use bark mode and find a DS Nintendog in your area -LRB- i tried that , and i could n't find any -RRB- There are alot of things you can buy your Nintendog , collers , bows , hats , food -LRB- dry and canned -RRB- , water , guide books , toys -LRB- bubble machine -RRB- sports toys -LRB- frizby , which you need for the frizby compitetion , and tennis balls -RRB- and so much more.If you have more than one puppy -LRB- which i do n't , but i 'm getting another Shih Tzu , a male -RRB- you can drop them off at the dog hotel . You can also donate dogs.If the game is turned on and your ignoring your dog , it will start to cry , back up and turn away from you . You should feed your Nintendog three times a day ; in the morning , afternoon , and at night - water and dry or canned food - because it gets hungry very often . You can also get milk for your puppy.You can only enter three contests a day , and you ca n't take your dog -LRB- s -RRB- for walks alot -LRB- it wo n't let you anyway -RRB- because it will be very tired , and it will be very very thirsty , and have to drink alot of water afterwards , which is n't good if you are trying to save money/supplies -LRB- like me -RRB- On walks , there are many places to go . To the agility park , and various other parks . Your puppy will meet others along the way . Also , sometimes , your puppy may eat garbage -LRB- you ca n't stop them if it is on their walking trail -RRB- But do n't worry , because your dog will get better within 20 seconds.The dog breed that costs the least is a beagle -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- , and the dog breed that costs the most is a pug -LRB- $ 590 -RRB- . The animation is so realistic , my Video Game Shih Tzu looks like my real life Shih Tzu . I definetly recomend buying this game . A ton of fun ; and the disc is so small , it 's hard to beleive all of it is on that little disc.January 31 , 2006A great game , I reviewed Nintendogs about a month ago , when i first got the game . Scince then , i have discovered alot about this game.First i 'll start off by saying , this game is really easy to play . Basicly all you do is pick a puppy and raise it . You can walk it , feed it , play fetch , buy things for it , and so much more . You can take it for walks and find useful -LRB- most of the time -RRB- items , that it picks up along the way . To get alot of presents , be sure to go over alot of question marks -LRB- when your drawing your walking route -RRB- because that means more presents -LRB- or dogs -RRB- . You can enter your dogs in contests as well . There are three types of contests -LRB- though i might get more on this game once i play it a little more -RRB- Obediance -LRB- when you get to show the tricks you taught your dog -RRB- disc -LRB- or frisbee , your dog will catch the frisbee and bring it back to you . -RRB- and agility -LRB- a corse set up with alot of different things your puppy has to run through , jump over , ect . You have to train very hard for these contests , especially agility , because even if you get an exelent score , and you get alot of faults , you wo n't get the place you hoped for . You can win money in these contests , but only if you place 3rd , 2nd , or 1st . For first place prize -LRB- in all of the contests -RRB- in begginer , is $ 100 . Open class -LRB- which comes after -RRB- is $ 200 . For expert class , $ 300 , master class is $ 600 , and the championship is $ 1000 -LRB- but only if you do really good -RRB- There are a TON of items in this game , and they are sorted into catagories
 You most get this game ! You get to have your own puppy . If you want a real dog then try this game and see if you are ready . I rated this 4 stars because there are some rules ... . First you can only go in contests 3 times a day . 2nd You can only take your dog on a walk every 30 minites . Its like a real dog . You have to feed it and teach it tricks ! You even get to name your dog . But if she forgets then you have to say it to her again and again . Before you can feed it and go out you have to teach it to sit down . That can take a long long time . You can go to bark mode and find a person who has the game and you can give them something that you own like food and drinks and toys and you can play with their dog ! I am 91/2 year old girl and I love this game !
 I do n't have Nintendogs yet , but I 'm getting it for Christmas , anyway , I can tell you about it because I have played my coisons before.Now the only problem is that the sound resistance is not the best . I was playing it in a resturant , and my pug thought it 's name was `` Sugar ... * blah , blah , blah * '' So you have to be in a totally quiet place when you talk to them . But the graphics are perfect and the game is really fun ! You start out by picking your dog breed and choosing which one you want after watching them play together . Like maybe , let 's say you pick a Shih-Tzu , and then you 'll see three different Shi-Tzus who have slightly different coloring and different personalities . Then you pick one out , take it home , and spend time with it until you name it and then you can take it on a walk and do competitions with it . You also get a good selection of breeds in each game . And you have different catigories of things to do with them , like , sports , toys , care , accessories , and ect . You do n't have to get Nintendogs , but I think that it 's the best game in the world !
 This game rocks out loud !! This game was way worth the money ! In this game , you get to train , care , brush , feed , water -LRB- etc. -RRB- your dog ! I love this game ! If you have a friend with a nintendog game , you and your friend could give each other the dogs you unlocked , give gifts and many more ! Overall , I give this game 98 percent ! By the way , you can have up to three dogs at your house and 5 at the dog hotel ! This game lasts a very long time and I am still playing it . I got this game for my birthday and I am glad I wanted it !!!!
 Do n't listen to some the other reviews . Nintendogs is a great game for people who do n't have a pet , are allergic to dogs , or for people who 's parents wo n't let them get a dog . Oh , and by the way , Nintendogs is NOT coming out for the PSP . That 's why it 's called NINTENDOgs not sonydogs or sodogs or something like that . Besides ... how would you pet the dog without a touch screen ? If you want a dog that will never die , who plays with you , and who is always happy to see you , but you can not get a real dog , then this is the perfect game for you .
 Nintendogs is a great game , for all the reasons every other review has said , though it can be a little slow at times . When you first start out , it 's a lot of repeatition since you only have one toy , one sporting item , and an untrained puppy who does n't have a lot of stamina . Like Animal Crossing before it , it 's not the kind of game you can sit down and play for hours on end , but if you like animals , sims , or just are n't a strictly hard-core gamer and want something adorable and fun to play with when you need to kill time , Nintendogs is probably the game for you.One very IMPORTANT note , however . Each game comes with a series of dogs already unlocked and available for you to `` buy '' and begin raising , and people who want to have all the dogs often buy more than one game . THIS IS NOT NECESSARY ! All the dog breeds are available in all the games - they just have to be unlocked in some versions ! For Example
 this is for the girl/boy -LRB- im not sure -RRB- nintendogs IS a fun game and will not be a chore or boring . i had it for more than a week and its still so fun . my mom even likes playing it when im doing my homework or when im in school ! and about the wireless reach ... im sad to say i havnt connected to anybody so if you dont have a friend that has a ds and nintendogs , then im sure your going to have a hard time finding a wireless partner . you must have someone NEXT TO YOU . but dont worry about connecting because the game is about the dogs !! and there will be fake owners and dogs for your puppy to play with . the games a blast . and hope you get chiwawa and friends beacuse i need a chiwawa !!! ps . HAPPY B-DAY
 I am going to buy this game today after my haircut , I am very excited to get the Dachshund & Friends version , my favorite breed of dogs is Siberian Huskies , and I will make one named Maya . Buy this game it is awesome !!!!!!!!
 I really like this game . My grandchildren are having a good time training the dogs and I do n't have to clean anything up like a real dog . They learn how to feed , walk , train and play with the dog to use in real life with a real dog .
 It 's a great game when you first get it , but in the end it starts to become really boring . All you do is play with your dogs , feed them , train them , and enter compititions . After a while it becomes boring .
 This game is good and fun , it is educational and a very good game if your planning to buy a dog.You get to get the feeling and learn the responsibiltes of having a dog , also , it is VERY realistic ! : -RRB-
 I really want this gane for Xmas this year , and so far i 've heard it is soooooo much fun !!! I want the Dachshund & Friends version , and i think it 's really cool !!! If you do n't have a pet a home , then this a game for you !!!!!
 This was my first game that I obtained for my nintendo ds and I absolutley loved it ! I loved all of the different breeds available and I loved the fact that you got to unlock new breeds if you have enough trainer points . On aspect that I did n't like on the contrary was that after a while of playing I became bored so I had to get another dog . This game is not reccomended if you want to play for long periods of time but overall I think it 's great !
 My daughter -LRB- 9 -RRB- and friends -LRB- 8 and 9 -RRB- love this game . She played Petz4 and Petz5 , computer games for dogs and cats , before this came out and loved those . These are even better ! It hears you talk to it . You can get more than one dog at a time . Not sure if boys like this , my sons do n't play it -LRB- 1 , 6 , 11 -RRB- .
 Ok , I do n't have the game , but I am really hoping to get it for Christmas.I played it on my friend 's DS and I LOVED IT !!!! The graphics are clear , the game is really responsive , and the pups are so funny!When you play the piano , they bark ! : - -RRB- How cute!I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT !!!!!!!
 This game is very fun but it gets kind of boring after a while . if you get this game do not do all the contests right away because I did that and now i cant restart the game .
 This game is an excellent addition to the DS 's game library . From the time you first play the game , to the time you finally grow out of your Nintendogs , you will love this game . The overall experience is enjoyable , and you will probably be a Nintendogs head like me.GraphicsWhen I first got this game in September , I was hooked . The game itself has gorgeous realistic life like graphics and they never let down . From the frisbee tosses , to the cute and cuddly dog animations , this game shines of beauty and it will stun anyone who plays it who has an open mind for dogs and gamesGameplayThis is where the game really shines . Just as you would play with a dog in real life , you would do in the game . It comes natural if you have any experience in owning a dog or has seen anyone handle a dog . Most of the things you can do to your real life dog , you can do to your Nintendogs . You can teach the dog tricks using the DS 's Built in Microphone , or rub him uing the Ds 's Touch Screen . Enter him into obedience trials to see how he does in the spotlight , or take him on walks to grow his stamina and happiness . The overalll advancement of your status as a trainer is affected by how you treat your dog , so you better treat him right.SoundThe Sound is really charming . You will love the games theme song , and you will also love all the game 's soundtracks that you can collect and play . this game will make playing with your Nintendogs an experience you will not forget.OverallI give this game 4 walloping stars out of 5 . This game is one of my favorite Life Simulation games of all time . The only thing that doesnt give this that extra star is that the replay value isnt as long as you would expect , which means that I wish there was a little more that you could do . But who cares . this game is so enjoyable , my sister , my cousin , and my grandma all like this game , and that is enough to warrant a 4 star in my book . I am going to be staying tuned to the next Nintendogs and hope that Nintendo makes this game wifi compatible next time around . * Side note * Dont listen to those idiot reviewers . Their reviews that actually make sense are as frequent as the periods in their sentences . Some of them dont even actually show any proof that they have actually had first hand experience with the game at all . I am not talking about some of the good reviewers . I am talking about that retard reviewer with the stray dog and his mom story . Seriously man , you need to go home and bury yourself under a matress with some hibiscus flowers and a can of soda .
 I have two girls and they love the game . They have played it for over 4 months now and are still loving it.The only real negative -LRB- and a lot of DS games do this -RRB- is that each kid can not have a login . The cartridge is `` used '' once a single child uses it . There is no way to have it plug in to two DS machines and each child have their own dog . We bought a second one for my other daughter.Now they each have their own dog and they can do `` bark mode '' together . They can play with each others dogs and take them to the park . It is cute .
 Hi , I got this game and it was AWESOME !!! I took my pet for walks , trained it , fed it , played with it ... I was delighted . After a while I mastered the game . But then IT happened ... The game got pretty boring then . My only entertaining parts were contests and Bark Mode . -LRB- Bark Mode is when you connect two Nintendos and play with someone else 's puppy . -RRB- So I only suggest it if the person it 's for REALLY loves dogs.P.S . The graphics are grrrreat !!!
 This game is totally awesome . It so fun to play . You we will not get tierd of playing this game at all except if u hate dogs . I totally love this game !!!
 This game has got to be the bomb ! I never get bored with this , not knowing what 's in store . So every time I have the chance , I play Nintendogs ! My pets always suprise me , and when you buy this game , I 'm sure your first pet will suprise you too ! It teaches the responsibility of owning a dog -LRB- that 's why you have the poop there people ! -RRB- and kids never get tired of it ! Whoever says this is a dumb game is wrooong ... your the one 's who are dumb . You never use your heads do you ? Anyway , buy this game , it 'll be a blast in your life ! So go to your nearest toy store and grab it as soon as you can !
 My 10 year old daughter loves this game , as do her friends . They each have one and play with it for hours . Even her older brothers and their friends `` borrow '' it from time to time and play . It is nice to have a game that does n't require destroying something .
 This is to the person who wrote the kids review on Feb. ,25 . How could you do such a horrible thing to your dogs ?! Why did you even write that review if you did n't anything good or bad to say about it ? I have this game and it is my favorite game in the whole world ! And to the readers who actually want to find something out about this game I 'll tell you . This is a great game for kids who ca n't have dog or are too little to take care of one . These dogs never age , so they are always a puppy , and you can keep it as long as you want ! It never dies , never ages , it 's the perfect pet ! I have golden retriever named Daisy . You can do all sorts of things and have up to eight dogs ! In most states that 's is against the law ! You can keep three in your home and 5 at the hotel . See the game packet for more details . ENJOY !
 I dont have a dog but with nintendogs I feel like a real dog owner ! You can feed you fuzzy friends , groom , wash , and just have fun ! All my friends like it so much that I have to hide it so thay wont secretly play with it . All and all if you buy nintendogs you will feel just like a real dog owner ! Its the best game in the world .
 I have had this game for 12 days -LRB- I think -RRB- . And I already have the maxamum amount of dogs !! -LRB- 5 -RRB- It is 1 of the best games ever ! I have all the games .
 This game was nice , but it 's alot more fun if you also buy the dog trainer , so you can unlock more stuff .
 i have had nintedogs for a month now and i still play and love it ! i have 6 dogs and my budget is big because if you get a pug than they will run FAST and they learn fast to ! i like to call them money makers that is wahy i named my second black pug money ! i would love it even if it was a bad dog at running ! that how you get when you play nintendogs . even though the dogs are fake you feel like you love em with all your heart and give extra treats so they dont get left out . * sob * iwant my nintendogs awww they are so cute !!!!! ahh they have tooken my heart and your next !!! ha ha ha jk . ----------------------------------------------------------- im a little mad at people right now . so what if nintendogs comes on psp ! do you have something against it !!! its a good game plus a good system . people with a psp want it to come out and i hope it does even though i have no clue ! if you had a psp instead of A ds you would be the one saying its coming for psp and other people will be calling YOU an idiot . why cant everyone get a chance to play it . you sore losers ! stop being so selfiSH ! if you agree than out a R next to your tital for right or put a W for wrong !! thankyou
 i want this game so much and i want to know if its going to come out on nintendo gamecube . please help me if you know . oh i dont have the game and i already know there will not be psp vesion . oh and im not trying to help anyone but i will if there is a gamecube version !!! please help me ! thankyou
 i love this game its great . and for people who say if you have this game you wont love your real pet well your WRONG . i have 2 cats wilbert and sophie and a fish named tom and my cats love to see me play I cant believe it . my friend has this too and we love to put it on mark mode and connect . its so fun all our pets like to gather and see are dogs . its a `` full house '' i love this game it even is an attraction to my cats . if you have a pet there is no reason you shouldnt get this . even if you have dogs . this is a chance for you to get a new breed and a dog with a new personallity and your pets will love it mine doOH and for people who think only my pets like it , your WRONG my friend , alisson , has TWO dogs and even they attract to this game put your dog or cat on the mice and the rest is a suprise -LRB- ... heheheheheh -RRB- but one dout very limited choice of things to do . two hours a day and thats that but I dont care two hours a day is good for health and eyes you gooooooooooo nintendogs !
 Hmph . If it is possible , how much trainer points do you have to have , because at the moment i have 5320 . And also , when you do get the firemans hat , how do you unlock the dalmation , and what does it look like.And im sorry i said it did n't exhist , its just , everywhere i looked there was nothing about the dalmation , so i assumed that you were wrong . And if you were n't im sorry , and would it be possible to answer my questions above ? -- Also , i got a new dog today , he 's a black male labrador called Jasper . xD He really likes my daschund Barney and my Yorkie squeak ! ^ ^ Maybe we should post what happens on our games here , because you never know , it could be interesting to others . . 0_o
 thank you to all the people who wrote good reveiws . there were 106 5 - star reveiws and 7 1 - star reveiws.you hear that . my friend emily she was a junior handler -LRB- 5000 training points -RRB- a week ago . i have a lot to look up to . only about 180 training points left till then . this is my 3rd reveiw . use up your money to buy this game and then use the rest for hurricnae katrina . you have to be out of your mind if you buy this game say you do n't like it and then buy psp -LRB- that is crazy -RRB- . to get your dog to sit pet its head then slide quickly . then slide your stylus across the screen to lie down . ok so next reveiw -LRB- if i write a 4th -RRB- i will give you more info .
 help me . this quastion goes to people who own or played nintendogs . is this game in japanese ? do i need to know japanese to enjoy this game ? how much of this game is in japanese . please i spent 6 months and my summer saving up $ 160 to buy a ds and this game . but i dont want to waste money for a game i dont understand . please help a 13 year old to find her dream of owning a dog -LRB- a fake dog -RRB- please answer !!!! because it would help me allot.ps
 im going to get this game today i am so excited !!! i have heard that it is awsome -LRB- and some not so good revews -RRB- oh . . and for the guy who is waiting for it on the PSP , ITS NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN.yea because nintendo does not make games for other companiesand also a touch screen for the PSP ???? how is that going to work ??????
 ok look this is the best game ever and it is so cool for people who think it is not you are a dork it will not come out for psp please rate my review
 you CAN get a firemans hat . i have got one and i have bought a dalmation and yes i do know every about nintendogs . im saying this because some people might beleive you and think there is no dalmation . well there is so dont worry !! oh and also my friend got the hat and the jack russle book . so i guesse you need to learn more about nintendogs !
 first of all I would like to say thank you soooo much you are sooo nice to help me -LRB- i wish all the people on this review form were as nice as you have been -RRB- just to make sure the right preson reads this this is the first line in the rivew you wrote to me `` im not sure if they are coming with nintencats ! but on october24 they are coming out with nintendogs and friends ! '' thank you it would be so cool if they make nintencats ! I bought a ds with nintendogs i love it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This game is the best . I love Nintendogs . It is so much fun to play and all the funny outfits you can your dogs in are priceless . One of the best DS games out there !!!!
 Yeah that 's right . Virtual puppies ! I know what you 're thinking , `` just get a real dog ! '' what about sony ? they make toy dogs , do n't they ? ah ha ha , now we 're getting somewhere . You know , that shows you guys you know nothing of sony history , even though you 're fanboy . remember the toy dogs and see if you 'll screw sony as well , you cheap b ****** s.and what 's with `` nintendogs is coming psp . just you wait ! '' ? Hmm ... let 's seeNintendo = NintendogsSony = SonygsSee something strange around here ? Nintendogs belongs to Nintendo . If Sony got a game like this , it would be called SONYGS . WTH is the dog pun?Well , I guess I solved at least one of the problems on this review board . Later .
 These reviews are hilarious ! Your knowledge of the game is so obviously lacking , especially to the kid that said '' Wait for the PSP version of the game -LRB- Which should be much better -RRB- '' , uhh I hate to burst your bubble but no there is no PSP version , nor will there ever be . Use common sense the DS has a touch screen the PSP does not . Anyway the game is a very well designed game that goes against to traditional concept of a game . There are no bosses , no levels , you just raise a puppy . But even though that may seem boring to some it can acctualyl be quite rewarding . For instance so far I 've taught my dog how to dance , do a backflip , do a handstand , and Breakdance -LRB- no joke -RRB- . There are many items to collect while walking your pup and alot of breeds to choose from . It 's not the greatest game by any means , but definatly not bad . Obviouslly it will definatly appeal to younger girls . Oh yes and the graphics are very good for the Nintendo DS , and the movements of the puppies are very lifelike . Well I hope that cleared some things up .
 I have had this game for a year and have really enjoyed it . Even if you already have a dog it can be fun because you can get up to eight dogs choose different breeds and put on cool accessories ! I had wanted it for so long and when I finally got it , it was worth the wait .
 Ok , i have read tons of negative reviews and tons of positive reviews . Well i bought this game when it first came out . I already had a real dog but i wanted to try it . It was fun i enjoyed it . Lets say it is a lot easier to teach than my real dog . but it didnt replace the way his fur feels under my hand or his drooling tounge on my face . Nintendogs is great but if you can a real dog is better . I traded my nintendogs for a new game . It did hurt at first but i knew i would never play it . But the game i got was Mario kart DS , and that is a fun game . As for Nintendogs , i dont think i will ever buy another copy . But if anyone from nintendo is listening . Instead of dogs do something kids cant own . Like Pokemon , Have 4 versions Charmander , Bulbasaur , Squirtle , and Pikachu . Or something like that . That would be more fun than a virtual dog .
 So far it seems that the other Kid 's Review are by older incompetent people who just do n't even bother with the game . If you truly played the game , you would know that most of these tasks that people complain about are very simple and easy to do . It literally takes about a second to do . I will say that it is interesting having played a friends Nintendogs game . The thing about this game is it really shows off the game features of the DS , from how responsive the touch screen is , to how the voice recognition actually works pretty decently . Overall , this is an impressive game in how well it uses the features , and how interactive it is . Do n't judge this game on what most all these people say . Take the time to find a friend who has a copy , or if you do n't mind buying without playing it , buy it , and take the chance to develope your own opinion about this.Also , I want to ask what is with the people who think this will be ported to PSP . Make note , it is NINTENDOdgs , and in case you did n't notice the capital NINTENDO , I made sure to isolate it for you.Oh , and Katrina is not a tsunami . I would know , seeing is I live about 2 hours away from New Orleans .
 first of you can have 3 dogs at home and 5 at the hotel . you can have 65 feet of connevtion NOT 100 as so the kid said ! you will get the dalmation if you find the firmens hat . donmt worry so much . its a simple game that is sooo fun . i had for more that 2 weeks and i still love it ! when you get connected you will STAY CONNECTED ! its so awsome because it will go up to 200-500 feet or more !!! yah , so get it now and again i say DONT WORRY BE HAPPY !!! good luck on ninyendogs and update us !
 THIS GAME IS SOO COOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want thiss soooooooo bad . i played my friends nitendogs and it was soooooooooooooooo cute ! Im am sooooo getting this for my birthday it is so cool its almost like having a real puppy !!!!!!!!!
 Nintendogs is n't like Puppylove , Dogz , or anthing else like that . You teach your dogs how to do tricks on command , enter them in GREAT contents , bathe them , brush them , feed them , take them on walks -LRB- where you can play with other neighborhood dogs , find fabulous surprises , or even a broken disposeable camera , and train for disc and agility . -RRB- , and ... . so much more !! the graphics are awsome . my four puppies look as real as if someone took a pictures of a Shih Tzu , Husky , Shiba , and Cavalier then animated them . it 's great . this game totally brings out all the potential of the DS in every way that makes it unique . You can call ur dog and teach it all sorts of tricks with your voice , and it will respond to u and only u. you can pet ur puppy and guide it along an agility course with the stylus on the touch sreen.There are four versions of nintendogs , Chihuahua , Dashund , Lab , and Dalmation . Each version starts you off with six breeds to choose from and different special items that u can find on walks . You can unlock every breed on your own by earining trainer points -LRB- u earn those by entering contests , going on walks , teaching new tricks , etc. -RRB- , but the special items can be unlocked by going on Bark Mode with ppl who have different versions . You can also unlock one breed from each person u go into Bark Mode with , too . Example , If they have a Corgi on Bark Mode , and you have n't unlocked that breed yet , then it will become available to u. and Vice Versa . So basically EVERYTHING in all of Nintendogs can become available to u.This game is absolutely gtreat . I can understand how some ppl would get bored of it , but those are also probbably ppl who could get bored or tired of a real pet , too . Go on , give it a try !
 This game is awsome.My mom said I could write this review so I did and I speak the truth when I say this game is awsome!One review says this game is not a good substute for a real dog and I think the only difference is that the tricks are easy to teach your dog!What if you have a real dog but just want nintendogs for fun anyways?I have a real dog and my friend has 4 real dogs but we love nintendogs !!! There are room themes like asian , ranch house , desighner condo , and ect . that you can buy for your house by using money you get from contests and you can use the money for pet supplies , room themes , and other dogs .1 important rule . . NINTENDOGS IS AWSOME AND GET IT IF YOU LOVE DOGS CAUSE IT 'S ALMOST EXACTLY LIKE HAVING A REAL DOG !!!
 I am 8 years old and I bought this with my own money . It 's the best thing in the world . I named my dogs KD and KS . I can pick what dog I want to play with . He can play with a frisbee . I can take him for a walk and go shopping . Your dog can enter contests . You can go to the park . You can get gifts on your walks . Some dogs are slower then others . My favorite thing is that you can feed the dog . This is the best game ever !!!!
 Since this nintendo ds game was a gift for my daughter I asked her to rate the game , she loves it . She stated to tell others that she plays it every chance she gets . She loves animals and thinks that any dog or animal lover would love the game .
 This is a great game , no doubt about it . It is very fun . You can choose from six different breeds and pesonalites . You can take your dog on walks and train it for agility and disk \ frisbee competions . You can accessorize your dog with bows , hats , collars , and sunglasses . You can win money by entering and winningcontests . You can buy food and water for your dog , wash , and bath him or her . Your dog loves to be played with or rubbed . You gradually get more items and accessories as the game goes on . There is no end to the game , nor do the dogs ever die or grow . You can have up to eight dogs.The graphics are wonderful and clear !! Also you always use the stylis . This a great game and I own it ! I almost forgot , you get trainer points the more you win contests and every 2,000 points you get a new breed in your kennel !! You can collect every breed from every nintendogs game !!!!! My sister has a nintendogs too and wants another one so she can own even more dogs !! I highly recommend this game !!!
 My daughter , aged 12 , loves this game and has had fun creating different looks for her dogs .
 I just luv Nintendogs !! They are sooooo adorable ! Any time my parents take me on loooong rode trips , i take that adorable game with me ! For those of you who do n't have a pet or want one I would recomened That adorable game!My Ds just broke so i 'm in a terrible loss -LRB- sniff -RRB- . It 's all the fun of being an owner without the shedding !
 This game is really awesome ! So what you do is first , buy a virtural dog from the dog kennel . Once you get back home play around with your dog , then you 'll get to name it . If you keep playing with it and it wo n't let u name it , DO N'T PANIC !! Some times it takes a while . Then , it will show ya what 2 do.This is a really good game , but sometimes , there 's not alot to do after you 've done everything . 2 more downsides , 1 , you can only have 8 dogs and 2 , you can only have 3 dogs out at a time . The rest of the dogs stay at the dog hotel , which you can get to by going to shopping and tap `` dog hotel '' . This may not have helped ya but i 'm just stating my opinion !
 This game is ... I ca n't even explain ! it ` sa dream come true !! When I got my Nintendo DS , it came with the Mario Kart DS . I did n't play with it much and then , on that magical morning , my dad comeshome from a buisness trip and says `` I got you a nintendogs . '' He handed itto me and ever since then , I 've been hooked . I play with it every day and I even putit in my backpack to play with it after school . I would recommend this for someonewho wants a pet and ca n't get one and has a Nintendo DS.Bye.P.S. , my dachshund , Dixie says hi . -
 Ca n't put this one down!I highly recommend this game . Anyone who likes puppies will love this game!There is so much to do with your pet , and the game really keeps you wanting to play . Everyone we show the game to ends up getting one and loving it too.This is a huge hit in our family !
 Two reasons for that :1
 Im getting Grade A nostalgia is what i am getting . My new Syberian Husky is Stubborn as heck though . a
 I am a 12 year old and I think this game is the best !!! It has nice graphics and you can get up to 3 dogs that can live in your house at a time . But you can get more ! -LRB- You just have to keep them in the kennel -RRB- You can even get a bubble blower and blow bubbles at your dogs . You can also get a tennis ball and lots of Frisbees ! To get money you must sell stuff you do n't want any more or take part in competitions . You can also take your puppy for a walk !! I hope you will enjoy this game!Cupcake
 I bought this game for my 11 year old sister . She loves it ! My 17 year old brother even enjoys playing it too . The price was n't bad and the delivery was right on time .
 They deliver wait was a little long but it was worth it . I am happy with what I got its exactly what I expected , thanks a lot I saved a ton of money :-RRB- I totally recommend this !
 This Nintendo game is fun for all ages . I really love this game !! I encourage you to buy this game for a present for your children who really like dogs . I have this game for myself and I have fallen in love with this game . You would definitely rate this a five star game !! I enjoy this game so much , I did n't want to leave it when it came to dinner ! I just really can not explain it , but you will love this game to !!
 this is fun but it kinda gets boring fast . also you have to say stuff over and over . but i luv dogs and it 's fun when it brings you presents !!!! you should get it used , cuz i got it for $ 29.99 . it should cost $ 15 . over all get this game if u luv dogs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this is fun but it kinda gets boring fast . also you have to say stuff over and over . but i luv dogs and it 's fun when it brings you presents !!!! you should get it used , cuz i got it for $ 29.99 . it should cost $ 15 . over all get this game if u luv dogs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this for my seven year old son , and he plays it everyday . He says he has to `` feed his puppies '' . He told me yesterday , he has three and he loves them . We do n't have a real dog , so I think it 's nice he get to have a virtual one . : -RRB-
 Nintendo DS Nintendogs Dachshund & Friends is a great game for dog lovers who ca n't afford/have a dog of their own . This game is relaxing and there is no storyline , so you can just take your time and really enjoy your dog -LRB- or dogs -RRB- . YOUR PUPDOGS
 Think about it . If you like dogs , this is the thing for you . Have you guessed why ? Because he is alloud to go ANYWHERE . You can also have up to 8 dogs ! How cool is that ?!? And you can enter your dog in 3 differet contest . You can also make your own route for you and your dog to go for a walk . On your way your dog will bring you surprises or meet other dogs . You find out about the rest of the game yourself . I do n't want to spoil it . It 's fun !
 This game is very fun . I got this game for my birthday with a Nintendo DS . I loved it soooo much that I saved my money and got the other two kinds at Walmart . You should get it . My friend Sarah and I like to talk about the dogs at recess . There are a lot of things to do and buy . If your points increase in the trials and competitions , at the pet supply store there will be more things to buy for your dogs .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I have this game and it is my favorite game in the whole world ! And to the readers who actually want to find something out about this game I 'll tell you . This is a great game for kids who ca n't have dog or are too little to take care of one . These dogs never age , so they are always a puppy , and you can keep it as long as you want ! It never dies , never ages , it 's the perfect pet ! I have golden retriever named Daisy . You can do all sorts of things and have up to eight dogs ! In most states that 's is against the law ! You can keep three in your home and 5 at the hotel . See the game packet for more details . ENJOY !
 I do n't like it ... . I LOVE IT !!!!!! My mom got it for me for Christmas with the teal nintendo DS ! I Love it !!! I have a golden retriever , a shiz tu , and a yorkie !! THERE SO CUTE !!!!! I recomended it to anyone who likes dogs !!
 I think Nintendogs is a very good game if you have allergies to dogs , this is a great way to care for , train and even take your puppy for walks . You can also buy stuff at the stores and meet other dogs to play with at the park and while you take your dog for walks . Nintendogs Duchshund and the two other nintendogs are mostly all the same . Please buy Nintendogs-Duchsund for $ 30.00 today at one of these stores below ! Thanks!Best Buy or ToysRus .
 This game rocks ! My golden retreiver , Kenny , is awesome ! One of my favorite parts is the walk . The screen pops up with the whole neighborhood and you draw a line for where you want to walk ! And there are question marks throughout the walks . If you get one you either get a toy or meet a dog . One toy you can get is a Mario Kart ! You can accually drive it and have your dog chase it ! Another thing I think is awesome is the Bark Mode -LRB- Multiplayer -RRB- . I beamed with my cousin and she has a German Sheperd . And after we quit she was able to adopt a Golden . And I was able to adopt a German Shepberd ! This is one of the best Nintendo games yet ! It is worth the money !
 Well I got htis for Christmas and at first I could n't figure out how to get my dog to come when I called her . -_- So then my best friend showed me that the michrophone is at the bottom of the ds.Woops ... * blush * Well my beagel , Roxie , is very well trained now.I give this game 5 stars !!
 This game is going to be so awesome !!! I 've been switching my mind back and fourth for a while trying to decide if I want it or not . Well i decided , it 's going to be great !!!! I tried looking for it yesterday , and it was sold out in stores , bummer !!!! I 'm going to look in another store today , hopefully they 'll have it . I 'm getting this version so I can start out with my favorite breed , Golden Retriever !!! I 'm going to get a golden , then a Husky !!! We have 3 chihuahua 's real ones at our home . But I cant have a golden yet because we do n't have enough room for it . And anyway , it 's going to be so awesome !!!!! But before I get in to it anymore , let me try and help the kid that said his ds thinks it 's yesterday . Try going in to it 's menue , and make sure you have the date set right . That 's all I really know , hope it helps . Anyway , it 's going to be so fun !!! You first get to pick the type of dog that 's availible , then they give you a choice of three dogs of that breed to choose from . There 's males , and females from what I 've heard . Different colors too !!! -RSB- Then you pay for it , and take it home . Teach it it 's name by really talking to him in the mic . Teach it how to sit , and then go to the store and by it food , water , treats , toys , and anything else you want , or can aford.You get to train it so cool , and let it compete !!! I ca n't wait to get this , store , please have it !!!!!! Hope this helped everyone decide , I know it did for me !!!!
 Do not listen to that other kid who says nintendogs is ridicoulous and pointless . Listen to the other 99 % of the people that see that nintendogs is FUN . And I do believe raising a dog does require skill.The graphics on this game are SUPERDYDUPER . Your dog looks alot like a dog , and all your stuff looks like what it 's supposed to.Basically , you buy a dog and then you take care of him/her . You can take them on walks , enter them in contests , give them baths , dress them in assorted accesories , sell your unwanted stuff , and buy other stuff . You must teach your dog their name and then how to sit . My only complaint is that your dog will sometimes forget their name.Now , if you have a real puppy , would you agree it takes skill to raise ? Same with this dog .
 this game is wonderful , i have got it for christmas and love it . Me and my cousin have it and we love leting our dogs play together in bark mode ! It 's just like a real dog , you have to bathe it , brush it , take it for walks , play with it , go shopping for Ex
 I got this for my new Nintendo DS and I also got Carnival Games . I have a white Golden Retriever that I named Niko . It is amazing how these people came up with how you use the microphone to talk to your dog . You can use the microphone for naming the dog , teaching him commands and tricks , and also for praising him . It 's so funny and cute whenever you call your dog 's name he barks . So Cute ! It is very well made , as I ca n't have a puppy cause I 'm allergic but you almost feel like you have one in this game , they make it so realistic ! You can walk him , shop , play fetch , pop bubbles , enter competitions , feed him , pet him , and many other things ! I 'd say ages for this is all ages ! I rate this 2 paws up by a mile ! This game goes to the dogs ! 5 Stars !
 I got this game for Christmas a year ago , and I loved it then . I played it every day , and had six dogs - Goldie , Cocoa , Honey , Charles , Blackie , and Max . After a while , it just got too tiring . I kept switiching my dogs in and out of the dog hotel , taking them on walks -LRB- which took at least twenty minutes , maybe more , because my dogs had a large stamina from me walking them so much -RRB- , playing with them , doing contests , e.t.c. I was really saving up for that beach house , but I forgot about my beach house dream , and stopped going on . Finally , yesterday , I went on again . I felt horrible . Even after I fed , gave water to , and bathed all my dogs , they were still low on energy , and I did n't have time to walk them all . So I reset the game -LRB- which was very hard for me , since I 'd grown attached to these virtual dogs -RRB- and chose a new puppy , a red dachshund named Teenie . I 'm having a lot of fun again , and I 'm only going to stay with Teenie - if I do n't , it will be too much work . Let me tell you that this game is n't easy - you have to constantly bathe , give water to , feed , walk , and play with your dogs . But overall , it 's a very fun game , if you 're a responsible person . I 'd re-get it in a heartbeat if my game disappeard . Hope I helped !
 I am 14 years old , and I find this game very fun.It is challenging , but not super hard.I love being able to have my own little computerized puppies : - DI really hate Dogz , Catz , ect.They are very childish and is n't very fun : - PI love how in dogs you can eventually unlock all 20 breeds , no matter what you start with.The items and accessories are very cute.The graphics are great in this game , one of the best in DS Lite Games I have ever seen.It is actually good for younger kids , as you have to feed , water , pick up your dogs poo , and groom it.I recommend buying it , your kids will love it ^ ^
 This creative , cute and cuddly game is the most unique game created for Nintendo DS Lite , arguably the best handheld video game platform ever . Other reviews here talk about all the stuff the game does and can do , including your kid sending messages to other kids nearby who are also playing Nintendogs , your dogs `` meeting '' up in the dog park , etc. . AWESOME . The graphics are killer , the puppies look adorable , and you 'll find yourself going `` Awwwwwww ! '' just watching them cavort up to the screen to look at you . `` Fetch '' this game right away !
 This game is the best nintendo game ever , as a teen , I enjoy this great game . the graphics are real like ! you can teach your dogs tricks with voice command . enter agility , obediance , and disc -LRB- frisbee -RRB- compettitions . Take a walk to the park , go to the store , practice agility , and even meet others on nintendogs by `` bark mode '' where you and another persons dog can play together . # 1 BEFORE YOU BUY EITHER dauchson dalmation , lab or chiuaua , check out the already unocked dogs on the back of the box . wich your is your fav . kind of dog and check to see if its on the back of any nintendogs case . Dalmation one is the only one that has dalmation , although if you find a firemans hat on the walks , you will be able to buy dalmations . So , I consider you getting the dalmations one , because i have been playing for 2 years nintendogs , and still havent unlocked the dalmation .
 My child wrote this review
 While my daughter and niece adore this game , I find it just as much fun . I love how cute the dogs behave in this game . If you forget to bath them , they get fleas . They bring you gifts . They run around and play with toys . You can spend hours caring for your animals in this game . They also can go to agility courses to earn money . They also do obedience competitions as well.This game is also great for the little ones with the help of someone older . They enjoy playing with the puppy . It could be a chance for some fun bonding time with your littlest gamers as you help them take care of the puppies .
 I think nintendogs is cool but I got to a certain point where I had to keep calling my dogs name over and over so I did not get any further in the game so just to worn you there might be a time where you have to callyour dogs name over and over if you buy this game .
 I Just got this game last month and i love it soooooooooo much . i have the dachshund version and i have 4 dogs one thing i think most peple do n't get is that every game has like 7 breeds in it but if you get a lot of traner points you can have any breed . like for instins i have the dachshund verison and i have yorkshire terrier to from the chihuahua version so if you want a golden and a lab just get one version and soon you can get the other dog breed you want .
 My son had the original Nintendogs and asked me for this game . I thought oh boy this will last about 2 days . It 's been a month and it 's still his favorite game . He loves all the detail in it and how you can train and compete with the dogs . He also loves the fact that the dogs remain puppies.The shipping was even faster than expected and I 'll definitely be ordering through Amazon and ToysRUs again .
 I love it . I have a beagle , Scrumpy . She 's in the champion group in the agility trials . You can teach your dog how to get through the obstacle course . You can also have up to 8 dogs . -LRB- only 3 at the house -RRB- My friend and I love to play with my 4 dogs . Pugswel -LRB- pug -RRB- , Muffin -LRB- golden retriever -RRB- , Scrumpy -LRB- beagle -RRB- , and Mickey -LRB- huskey -RRB- . It 's awsome !
 When you see this game , you think how much you need to get this for your kids right ? Well , you have good reason . This is n't just any ordinary pet sim , there was actually much research and time put into this game to make it as realistic as it looks . Dogs move , act , react , and sound like they should . Each model greatly resembles the breed intended , as acts and thinks as a dog would . Not only that , there are a lot of aspects of the game that add to the overall experience.Besides being able to teach it tricks , you can pet it using the touch screen , talk to it in cutesy talk as I like to call it , give it baths , take it for walks , enter it in competition , have it interact with you dog via Wi-Fi connect , feed it , and more . There is just so much you can do with your dog , that it almost replaces your dog.Nintendo did keep away anything morbid , like your dog dying if you do n't play with it for 2 weeks , or it actually having an `` accident '' in your house , or anything like that , but it does cover just about anything else . You can not abuse your dog either , and although it makes it less realistic , you should try to injure your dog anyways.With tons of tricks to do , a large handful of breeds to unlock , competitions to win , and items to buy , this game will last you . If you can only buy one DS game , this would be one very difficult game not be that game . This is recommended for all ages , but I think even the older adults will find themselves enjoying their Nintendog.BOTTOM LINE
 This is by no means a `` Pokemon '' clone ! And it 's way more than a mere `` Tamogachi '' . The more you play , the more you 'll grow to care & love your Nintendog . I bought the Daschund version , and I 'm now the proud new parent of a 4 day old female Beagle whom I 've named `` Mochi '' . Before I even selected a dog to care for , I spent a good 40 minutes just looking at all the animations of the dogs available to chose from - I was amazed at how lifelike their facial expressions , movements and interactions with other dogs were . This means a lot , as you 'll be spending quite a bit of time watching & caring for your new pet.When selecting a dog , you 'll be given a brief blurb as to the type of personality the dog possesses . I chose one that was considered `` perfect for a first time dog owner '' . From the start , you are asked to give you dog a name & then you 'll repeatedly say the name a few times , and after a few tries , your dog will respond when you call it by it 's name . From there you 'll jump into the menus to read several `` books '' which will aid you in caring for your pet . Other books will explain how to teach commands , enter tournaments , interact with other Nintendogs -LRB- other DS owners w / the game -RRB- called `` Bark Mode '' - This mode allows you to meet other nintedogs game owner 's pet 's and exchange presents - you 'll also be able to save the other players data as a `` Friend '' -LRB- what 's interesting about bark mode is that on my DS I saw our pets playing , at the very same time my friends DS showed that they were laying down next to each other - I guess this means the dogs interactions do n't sync up ? -RRB- . I have taught several voice command tricks which my `` Mochi '' understands -LRB- sit , shake , jump -RRB- & after you 've taught your pet a few of the basics you can enter them into competitions . -LRB- Competitions will earn you $ , which you will use to buy supplies/food/toys for your pet - you can even upgrade your house , which is the environment your pet lives in -RRB- . Taking you dog out for repeated walks will increase their stamina level so that they eventually will be able to take longer walks & explore more of the neighborhood . While out walking , your pet will meet up with other pets , go to the bathroom -LRB- you 'll have to `` clean up '' after them -RRB- , find `` presents '' , etc.Clicking on your dog 's name will bring-up a status screen , so you 'll know when you need to wash , feed or give water . Now , here I am , a 30-something male , speaking into my Nintendo DS on the NYC subways going to work , telling my dog to sit , roll-over , beg , jump ... etc. . It 's a bit maddening for me - several times throughout the day I 'll take a break from work to make sure my Beagle is properly fed & give her a quick walk to the park . This `` game '' is amazingly simple and completely addictive .
 Ok I currently have the pink best friend bundle . The game is great a bit repetitive but find more items and buy more dogs . The only problem with this game is FINDING it ! I have went to 5 stores before I found it.Now as of gameplay I think it really shows off the DS 's abilitys . With the touch , mic , and wireless ablitys it is a better one of the games . If you have friends to play with in bark mode the fun goes on.As of the people who ca n't tell the difference between the versions the have different breeds .
 I love dogs ! So when i saw this i wanted it soooooo badly !! when i got it i put it in my nintendo ds and got a Dachshund . After i knew My dog needs a name soo i named her Patunia . I told her her name a few times befor she knows it her self . Now its time for i walk i thoght . so i got her a lech and walk alll day long i saw a lot of dogs on my way there and got a few stuff for her . when we came home she needed a good bath . Awwww how cute she is when shes wet . Now its time to dry my Patunia up . Then i put her nice hat on . The next day i went to the park with her and played ball . the first 4 times she didint even went to go get the ball but after a long time she was a pro . After days and days of practice i put her in a competion . :-RRB- she was in the three winners but she broght home a experience never to forget . I saw she was lonely and needed a friend sooo i got her a new toy . i feeded her and bathed her btu she was still lonely soo i got her a friend dog Kirty . Now she is very happy : D
 Many DS owners have voiced their complaints about ` not enough innovation on the DS ' . Well , Nintendogs is about innovative as you can get.Pet simulators have been around for a looong time.But none have provided the interaction you get with Nintendogs.The dogs seem so lifelike , so lifelike that you almost forget it 's only a game.Despite what the review critisizing Nintendogs for lacking ` action and adventure ` says , it is rather fun to take care of your viritual doggie.There 's more to it than changing water bowls.I will admit though , this is not a game if you want to top the high score list and beat the game several times over . You just ca n't do it on Nintendogs.There is no clear ending to it.Overall , Nintendogs is a GREAT product for anyone-male , female , young or old . It 's easily a system seller , and maybe we can even expect GBA add-on packs and ` sequels ' - so to speak.Finally to the reviewer who stated , `` Get a real dog , whoever buys this game must be lonely . I have two real dogs , and it 's much more satisfying to play with a REAL dog than a stupid AI controlled one . '' . You need to grow up and realize NOT EVERYONE CAN OWN A DOG ! This is as close as some people can get , and even pet owners can appriciate the similarities.Even I myself have 2 dogs , and I love this game!Potential buyers , do not let him discourage you.Nintendogs is truley a fantastic expirience !
 I think this game is great how you can unlock puppies from other versions . My friend and i got this game and we always let our puppies play together . I think this game is for how are trying to get a pet or do n't have one . If you are one of those people i think nintendogs is a great game for you .
 This game is so much fun ! I love it !! And , all of you people who think this is a waste of time , maybe reading your review is a waste of time , you may not be , but 100 's of people are allergic to dogs ! Some kids ca n't have dogs because they 're too young , if you have a kid who really wants a dog , buy this game -LRB- and the nitendo-DS is they do n't have one cux they 'll need it -RRB- , your kid will live it ! My neise loves it ! I got it for her for her b-day and she loves her new puppy , her dad is allergic to dogs and ca n't be around them , but with this virtual puppy , you can love a dog and take care of it like a real dog , you guys who say it 's a waste of time , maybe you have n't played it and you think it sounds dumb , I 'm 24 and I have one , I love my puppy , I have a german sheperd named Abby and a chocolate lab named Alley , oh , and if you read my book which will be coming out in a couple of months , you 'll see the same kind of dogs in that book , it 's called `` Abby 's new home '' . Anyway , there are 5 reasons why you or your child should get this cute game :1 . if your child is too young to take care of a really puppy , they can have fun learning with this game .2 . if you 're allergic to dogs and ca n't be around them , but you really want one , you can get this game , sure it 's not realk , but it 's fun .3 . it can teach all the resposibilities of taking care of a real dog , mine barks when it wants me or needs me .4 . you do n't have to clean up little messes in your house , but you do in the game , but they do n't smell .5 . if your nitendog is a long hair , it wo n't shed real hair in your house.If you get this game , I garantee you 'll love it , I love animals and this game is so cute !!! Maybe they 'll put out a nitencats , only they does n't sound right , well , I would recommend getting this game foir you , or your child.P.S . Oh , yeah one more thing I forgot to mention ... THERE WILL NOT BE A PSP VERSION OF THIS GAME ! FIRST OF ALL ! IT WILL NEED A TOUCH SCREEN , HOW ARE YOU GON NA PET YOUR PUPPY ! AND SECOND OF ALL , THE VOICESCREEN , I MEAN , HOW ARE YOU GON NA TRAIN IT , YOU PEOPLE ARE SO DUMB -LRB- THE ONES WHO THINK THE GAME WILL HAVE A PSP VERSION -RRB- YOU GUYS ARE JUST , SO RETARDED ! DO N'T BE STUPID , PSP VERSION OF THIS GAME WILL NOT COME OUT , PSP DOES NOT HAVE A TOUCH SCREEN .
 Comparing Nintendogs to somthing like Tomagotchi is an insult ! Nintendogs is more like Tomagotchi times 1,000,000,000 , and here is why-Graphics - 9.5 / 10 , The graphics for the dogs are PHENOMINAL . But the background graphics could 've been a little more detailed . But who 's looking at the back ground anyway ? Its all about your puppy!The Touch Screen - 10/10 , Near no buttons are used in Nintendogs , just the touch screen and the voice rec . The touch screen is used to the fullest in this game . You can pet your dog , and scratch his belly . You can play tug of war with him/her , throw frisbees , balls , and take your dog -LRB- s -RRB- for walks as wellThe Voice-Rec - 9.5 / 10 , To teach your dog its name , you must speak into the DS 's microphone . With determination , youre dog will eventually learn its name . To teach your dog tricks , with a little help from the players manual , you will be able to have your dog sitting , laying , and rolling over in a days time ! You may seem a little skitsophrenic though , if you 're seen yelling into a DS in a public area , so be warned ... Sound Effects/Music - 10/10 , The music of this game is great . When you 're walking youre dog the music is more relaxing and adventerous , but when you 're competing with your dog in a tournament the music sounds more competative , to give you more of a competative vibe . The sound is great as well . Youre dogs make all kinds of noises , and they sound just like a real dog.Replay Value - 10/10 , Even if you are sick of your little pup , you can reset your game and start over from scratch ! As you get more money by competing in competitions with your dog , you can buy your dogs new collars or hats . But your dog will find most of its accesories when you 're on a walk . When you earn more money from competitions you also will have the chance to purchse another puppy for the puppy that you have currently to hang out with ! Or , if you would like to get a bigger house , you can remodel with your money as well.All in all Nintendogs Dachshund and friends is THE best game for The Nintendo DS . Final score - 10/10 . If you 're confined to a little dorm , or are renting a house where dogs arents aloud , Nintendogs is the next best thing !
 this is for all those spam reviewers . you just can not stand that nintendo created such a fun , innovate and durable toy , and all you 're doing is triyng to make this game looks boring , but it 's not . this game it 's better than most psp games , and if you think this game it 's not coll because it does n't have sex , alcohol and violence like gta , well ... i do n't think all that bad stuff make a good game , and if you do n't think like that , you 're just little pervert and violent idiots that ca n't appreciate a good game when you looking at it -LRB- listen , i do n't say that psp or gta suck , in fact i love them , this review is for people who are spamming the reviews , like the one of OOH I LIKE NINTENDOGS , i do n't know why amazon do n't remove this no-sense and stupid reviews -RRB- . i mean , this space is for reviewing the game , not for writing idiot comments that no one cares -LRB- and that 's for you , OHH I LOVE NINTENDOGS moron -RRB- . whatever , just write what is godd and what is bad of this game.Ps
 this game is great . nice graphic that mimic the real thing . . lot stuffs to unlock.and ton of replay value . . i di n't own a dog.but after a day with this game , it me wana get a real thing ... over all it an awsome game , the best pet simulators ever ... to the dude who gave this game a bad review and say wait for the psp verion -LRB- you r nut , this game is made by nintendo , that is y it is call NINTENDOg , and there is no FCKing way in the world nintendo gana release it on the stupid psp . -RRB- -LRB- and this game is in 100 % english -RRB-
 THIS GAME IS GREAT ! VIRTUAL DOGS THAT GO EVERYWHERE WITH YOU , PLAY WITH OTHER FREINDS AND UNLOCK OTHER DOGS ! THERE ARE 2 VERSIONS , JAPANESE AND ENGLISH . IF YOU OBVIOUSLY SPEEK ENGLISH BUY THE ENGLISH VERSION . THE ENGLISH VERSION ARE IN EVERY STORE , AND JAPANESE ARE ONLY IN A FEW . ONLY $ 30 !! SO BUY IT NOW !
 I do n't have this yet but I played the demo in Toys R Us!It was so fun ! The dogs react to the petting so well !!!!!!!!! You guys have to believe me
 This game has gotten many reviews , mainly because Amazon has accidentally put the reviews of different versions of Nintendogs on one page . In this case , you will see reviews of more than one version of Nintendogs , such as the chihuahua and labrador versions.After playing the demo version , we really wanted to get the full version . When my little brother 's birthday came , we got the dachshund version . We have already adopted a female beagle and named her `` Cutie . '' We have taught her to sit , fed her , and taken her for a walk . We even got to go to the pet store to buy her new fetching toys and Nintendogs brand dog food.Overall , 5 stars . Thanks to Nintendogs , the Nintendo DS became the top-selling handheld . I 've heard rumors about the Playstation Portable version , but the Playstation Portable has only one screen and no magic pens , so it does not have the same features the Nintendo DS does .
 I dont Have it yet but I have had some fantastic reports about it . I have a Nintendo DS pack on Lay-By feachering
 this game is so much fun , that actually on its first week on america sold 250,000 copies , and on japan , along with ds , it sold more copies than psp and ps2 THOGETHER . -LRB- if you do n't believe me , go to gamespot.com , on the news section -RRB-
 Thanks for all the insight ... I research on-line before I buy then read reviews . I was just wondering are you all talking about nintendo or sony . I could careless about the PSP and what it can do I wanted to read about nintendo so thanks for the insight .
 I GOT IT !!!!!!!! i got the seaside ! I worked so hard and got it . I have 18000 training points . I have 8 dogs . I looked at books and got some information.to lie down make your dog sit then slide your stylus down its snout . for roll over make your dog sit again then slide your stylus from the left to right side of the screen -LRB- note that would make the left version -RRB- if you want to learn the right version next then do the same thing but slide the stylus left to right 2 times.to do shake you take its right paw and pick it up.Now that was a pack of info . To find out more do .1 . supply list2.care3 . dog training booknow if you get moai statue of mario kart sell it . that will be $ 100 . Ted and Archie have dogs so they should know what it is like to get insulted . One day Archie said my pug looks like an old lady and ted said that was terrific . I do n't like that you can only have 8 dogs . Now here I am stuck . i can not buy anymore dogs unless i donate mine . The girl who wrote a dog who will like this reveiw is nice so listen to her . this game is fun
 This game is always fun . Whether you are just feeding or playing with your dog or taking it for a walk , it never gets boring . Most of the time you will use the touch screen in this game . You can have up to 8 dogs , which you can play with , train , take on walks , and enter in contests . On walks you might meet other dogs , go to the park , or find presents . You have to check on your dog every day , because even when it is off , your dogs can get hungry or thirsty . You also get trainer points based on how well you raise your dog , and , after getting a certain number , new breeds will be available . Awesome toys and different houses are available , too . I hope you get this game !!!!!!!
 This was a present for me and i loved it :-RRB- !!! You can teach your dog tons of tricks ! You can enter it in contest and win prizes for your dog . Your new puppy will come so attached to you and they look adorible ! If this is a present you are going to give its worth it . You can connect to other peoples game with a thing called bark mode and then your friend 's dogs can play with yours.You can take it for walks to . Your can have up to about 8 dogs . When your dogs get attached to you they will bring you presents . Also you get trainer points and traner points get you more dog breeds in your dog kennel . Either if you get Labridor or Chihuahua or the dachshund type I truly recamend the dachshound type for beginers . You will love this game or why will i be wrighting this ?
 I 've been playing this game for some time now and what can I say - it 's an amazing game ! I 've played with tomagatchis and neopets ... and this beats them all ! The puppies are incredibly cute and life-like ; and I love the AI ! The pups respond to YOUR voice and your voice ONLY . You can play with them , pet them , train them , bathe them , give them belly rubs , take them out for walks , and enter them in competitions . You can also change the interior of your home ! Also , every time you increase your `` Trainer Points , '' you unlock new breeds and Interior Decorations . I do n't even think you need to buy ALL three games , because you 'll eventually get those very same breeds once you increase your points . I 've already gotten some pups from the other two versions.In addition , this game teaches kids to be responsible . I have four dogs now and it is time consuming . I have to take each one for walks , train them , and enter them in dog competitions . I have to admit , `` one '' dog is much easier to take care of . But they are ever so cute that I could n't help myself ! Nevertheless , I 'm planning on getting more pups . I also hear that if you find a fireman 's hat , you could unlock a Dalmation ! : gasp ! :
 my friend has just bought a ds with nintendogs and she brought it to school ! we played at lunch and she let me use it the whole time ! its sooooo cool and because first your in the kennel and you get to pick your dog!she let me adopt one ! its a dachshund -LRB- duh -RRB- and i named her brownie.it is really hard to name my pooch ! anyway i taught it to sit and vala ! perfect . i decided to take it for a walk which i did and we found a tissue box , stick , dog picture , camers , another stick , and a cute bow ! we met a dog named spot and my dog played with it and had fun then it was go home time . i was so selfish about me having fun that i forgot to give it food or water so it was shopping time ! i bought a shampo , natural dog food , frisbee , water , and jump rope . my friend has a beagle and a chiwawa named sparks and band . anyway she has the seaside house ! and 30000 trainer points . i fed my doggie and gave it water and it ate it quick . i gave a looong bath which was so fun and then i decided to brush it with my friends brush ! i could tell the dog loved it so when i checked her stautes it said her was clean so i brushed it again because she was having fun and it said her furr was beautiful !!! i decided to teach it to shake , lay down and this dog sure does listen only i had trouble with the lay down !! my dog loves my friends dogs and they played so i decided to try the jump rope and it was so fun!band -LRB- chiwawa -RRB- jumped the best !!! then i went for another walk . and i met up with an owner who told me to pick up afetr my dog . when we got to the park we met spot again and i though `` hey ! let me try the frisbee '' and i did . spot and brownie played together and had loads of fun . i barley touched my food !!! then i decided on a competition ! obedience trial for begainers ! i won first place with a 9.57 we got caught in the lay down but she got it and my friend let me use her treats to give my dog a reward . oh and through the second walk i found a lucky hat , a rose , another stick , another camera , and a santa and lion hat !!!! my dog is soo cute in those outfits and my friend lent my dog sunglasses and we cracked up !!! i told my mom about it and when she went for her daily shopping at target she saw the demo and i caught her playing it ! im getting a ds and nintendogs at the end of october !!! ca n't wait . im getting a husky named sasha or if its a boy im naming it sam .
 This game is amazingly fun . It is awesome teachng it tricks , petting your dog ... You should buy it ! People think it 's cheesy , but it really is n't !
 This game is one of the most fun ones I have ever played ! Its almost like raising a real dog . I recommend you to get this game . As for the other reviews , there will not be a Gamecube version and certainly not a PSP version .
 This is not your typical video game and it should not be classified as a video game . Nintendogs is the perfect example of how Nintendo continues to revolutionize games in creative ways . Nintendogs lets the player choose and train a puppy using the stylus and voice commands and do all types of activities that you would do with a real puppy . The cuteness factor of this game is extremely high with the numerous different breeds of puppies available -LRB- all cute -RRB- and it is impossible not to love the puppy that you own and train . The reason I do not give this game the full 5 stars is because it is slightly repetitive and you could get bored at times especially when your puppy decides it is tired and does not want to learn any more tricks for the day . That being said , the game seems to have been developed to be played a little everyday rather than to sit down with for hours at a time , which suits me just fine . Overall , just for the innovation and cuteness factor , I highly recommend this game .
 I got this game as a christmas gift , along with the Nintendo DS . My brother also got one , but the lab version . Over the next few hours thats all we did . We played with them , fed them , walked them , and put them in compititions . We had fun with them then , and with them now . If you dont know if you should get it or not , DEFINITLY GET IT ! I love it !
 ok , this is the COOLEST game in the WORLD!the dogs are just adorable!great for kids who want a dog but cant have one.Here are some tips.When you walk your dog , pick up its poop by poking it.make sure your dog is well trained , it will come in handy.when your dog learns a new trick , reward it with a biscut or a jerky treat.some dogs are alot happier if they have a friend.So 2 dogs is the best you can get.wait until your pup settels in before u name him.hope this was helpful !
 I am dying to play this game !!!!!! I used to own a copy of Dogz , which , no offense , sucked , and I was disappointed . But when I saw this game , I was psyched !!!!!! I could n't decide which copy I wanted , untill I heard you can unlock ALL of the breeds -LRB- including others like dalmation and jack russel -RRB- in time buy getting owner points or finding items on walks . In dogz , all you could do was feed and play with your dog . The graphics were n't that good , and the dogs behaviors were n't realistic . But in this game , you can take your dog shopping , choose from tons of different breeds , feed and care for your dog , and even win money to buy more dog supplies and breeds . If you are the competitive or violent type , you will not like this game . It is a one player game that can not be `` defeated '' as your dog will always need love and care . If I had this game , I would play it for hours on end ! I am so excited I ca n't wait untill I have the money to buy a DS and this game !!! I also realize that some of you will be skeptical , saying I should not review something untill I have it , but I am sharing my information about the game , but may , however , be wrong in my opinion .
 My whole family loves it . The problem now is that we only have one Nintendo DS .
 in my last reveiw on this game called great toy i forgot to say that the durability has 4 stars and that nintendogs is a really good game and if you think it will come out on psp it will not happen nintendo do not let another company raise money on your incredible creative game . nintendogs gives an incredible oppirtunity and expeirence to people who ca n't have a dog like me.i now have 6 dogs . now who ever thinks it will come out on psp has a wish that will not come true.my friend sheli is a disc competion champion . she won the championship 7 times a lot of other people got bored of it quikly but i still will not change my mind.so do n't waste your money on the psp version IF IT COMES OUT
 LETS GET THINGS STRAIGHT - ok first of all this game will so NOT come out on PSP anyone who thinks it will is a dork . so do n't wait for the PSP version because there wo n't BE one.and this game will NOT make you ignore your pets so buy it trust me!and NINTENDOgs hello it is not for PSP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is not called PSPDOGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PRICE - so it 's a little expensive but it is worth it . well lets say your a kid who has been saveing all your money to buy this game and a DS . well go for it ! unless you want to wait for christmas or your B-day . if it is a long time away from eather of these than get it NOW you wo n't be sorry.and if you are a parent and your child wants this game get it for them now . it will entertain your child for HOURS and you will be happy ; -RRB- AGE-this is so not a little kid game if you are over 19 than it might be a little weird but if you think you MIGHT like it than go for it ! but I think it is more for ages 8-17 -LRB- 16 year olds do n't be ashamed if you like this because it is so cool -RRB- it is also for boys and girls!of ALL ages!GAME - this is the fun part ! ok each game has all of the dogs so you only need one version you just start out with different onesand eventualy you can unlock all of them . this also has voice recognition so you can teach your dogs tricks and call them ! the contests are really fun if you win you get money to buy more dogs or stuff for the dog you alredy have ! you can go on walks to places like the park , gym , and the store . there are also secret breeds but they wo n't tell you what they are!OVERALL - if I could give this game a million stars I would ! it is not a waist of money you will not be sorry ! -LRB- please rate my review I would love to know if this has helped you at all . if you talk about me in your review please call me COOL ! -RRB- YOU NEED THIS IT IS THE COOLEST GAME ON EARTH DO N'T BELIEVE WHAT OTHER PEOPLE SAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok this is so far the best DS game yet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have had it for about 2 weeks and its still going strong !!! voice control and touch works fine , and i am totaly attatched ! Although i would totaly perfer a real dog , this is as close as i get . P.S.You dumbbutts !!! it is NINTENDO !!!!!! NIN-TEN-DO !!!!!! YOU DUMB FANBOYS IT AI N'T HAPPENING TO THE PSP WHAT YOU THINK IT WILL MAGICALY GET A MIC AND TOUCH SCREEN !!!!!!!!! Oh yeah it wo n't come out for gamecube either.P.P.S do n't say this game sucks if you have n't reviewed it .
 Firstly nintendogs has about 18 breeds of dogs ,100 items , and 5 stars -LRB- from me -RRB- It has 3 versions , dachshund -LRB- best -RRB- Labrador -LRB- like it -RRB- and chihuahua -LRB- its ok -RRB- . If u are bored of petting ur pup , u can take him for a walk , enter him in contest , teach him tricks and much , much more.By making friends with another trainers and pups u can unlock pups.Also u can unlock them by the number of trainer points , but in both cases the dog will cost 500-600 dollars -LRB- not much in the game -RRB-
 I got this game yesterday and it is cool ... my parents wouldnt let me get a dog so i got this ... . totally fun ... . bark
 It 's so awesome . It never gets old or too hard like other games . GET IT !!!!
 I do n't have nintendogs , but hopefully my mom will get it for me for christmas . This game is great ! You start out with six different breeds -LRB- see close-up on the item info above -RRB- , and by going to the park , and meeting other players , you can obtain all 18 breeds . Two of the breeds you must unlock . There are two shops where you can buy food , toys , and other supplies for your dog . When you first get your dog , you go to a kennel and choose a breed , each dog is unique because some breeds come in different colors . You can choose your dog 's personality and gender out of the three dogs shown of each breed . Once you get home , you will have to teach your dog it 's name . It could take a few tries , or many tries , depending on your dog . You must speak clearly into the microphone . If you go to the park , you can meet other dogs and find items ! There are dozens of different toys and clothing items for your puppy ! If your dog is talented , you can enter them in agility , obedience , or disc competition . You can even brush and shampoo your dog at home ! I do n't as much as other people do about the game , but I know that I will love the game when I get it ! I hope this review was useful !
 I got this game for my two daughters , 7 and 12 years old . They both love it and it has held their interest for a lot longer than I thought it would . They put it away for a while but then go back just as interested as ever . I am getting another one with different dogs so they can trade and interact more since they both have a DS . Cant wait for the WII to come out !
 Alright . It 's been said before , but here it is again : Nintendogs is fantastic.As you likely already know , the game is based upon raising your own virtual puppies . You can own up to 8 , with 3 being in your house and the other 5 at a pooch hotel -LRB- You can swap two dogs at any given time -RRB- . Starting the game , you will be able to select your pup from 6 different breeds , although many more can be unlocked later in the game . There are three different colorations per breed . Each individual dog has its own personality as well , which will make a difference later on when you 're attempting to teach your dog tricks , etc.After taking your new dog home , you teach it its name using the microphone -LRB- Be sure to remember the precise intonation you use , as you 'll be calling your puppy to you with its name -RRB- . Now that 's settled , you 're ready to begin your new Nintendogs life.In Nintendogs , there are a variety of things to do . You can take your dog on walks around town , meeting other dog trainers , taking a walk around the local park and collecting items off the streets.You can also enter your dog in contests -- Agility , Frisbee Throwing , and Obedience trials -LRB- Practice , of course , is mandatory ;-RRB- . -RRB- Another great feature is the customize-ability . You can find records hidden around town and play them for some background music , or create your own voice message that other people can hear when in ` Bark Mode ' -LRB- DS-DS play -RRB- . With the use of a Keyboard , you can record a tune for your puppy to bark along to . You can find new clocks to stick in the corner of the top screen -LRB- Personally , my favourite 's the Marble Clock -RRB- . Likely one of the best features of ND is dressing up your pooch in style -- A rose behind one ear for the lovely lady , perhaps ? Or a spiked collar for a more masculine look ? How about Luigi 's hat for the Mario fans?Plus , fill your designing crave by purchasing a whole new roomstyle , ranging from Japanise Tatami to a Designer Condo.There are also a wide variety of toys for your puppy -- tennis balls , tug-o ' - war ropes and mic-controlled bubble blowers to name a few.Opening another area of interest is being able to teach your pup tricks -- Using the microphone and touch screen , or by watching your puppy on camera from a distance , you can get Fido to sit down , roll over ... And even breakdance!With cute , realistic graphics and some pretty neat music , Nintendogs is simply a wonderful game .
 I really want a dog , but my mom does n't want one . Sometimes , I do n't feel like having a dog , so I turn the game off . When I want a dog , BAM ! I can play . Also , my best friend has one , too . So we give each other stuff and have our dogs play together . It 's really fun ! I love this game . I think it would be really cool if you could design the house , though .
 It is so cute ! I love the way you can choose from a variety of puppies -LRB- yorkies , beagles , huskies , pugs and more -RRB- . I 'd say it 's great for 7-101 year olds . They 're so real they even POOP ! It 's the best game there ever was .
 Nintendogs is incredible . The graphics are amazing . It is like taking care of a real life puppy.Pros -- A wide range of dogs to choose from.-Your puppy can learn a lot of tricks.-You can go about anywhere you want in this game like the parkthe store , the kennal , the gym , etc.-You can talk and touch your puppy.-Your puppy and you can play with over a hundred different items , like balls and frisbees.-YOu can connect wireless to other people and play with there puppys.-you can have up to six dogs , only 3 with you though.Cons-Your Dog can only learn a couple tricks a day - you have to wait thirty minutes in between walks.Nintendogs is a great game , I love it . Period . Ill bet you will to .
 Im just writing this review to respond to objective gamer 's `` Not recommended . Wait for the PSP version of Nintendogs instead . `` Im really sorry but there is NEVER and i mean NEVER gon na be a psp version of this game ... first of all its made by nintedno and called NINTENDOgs , and second of all you need the touch screen and microphone to play this game ... both of which the psp doesnt have.Anyways this game is extremely fun and its really cool to see the dogs running around and reacting to you . Its also great that you can enter the dogs in compititions using the tricks you learned , that really adds a purpose behind teaching tricks and encourages you to do so .
 This game is tons of fun , has good graphics , lasting appeal , just about everything you can ask for . I would reccomend picking this up , even if you do n't have a DS the price lowered , so you can get a DS and this game for about the same price as a DS origonally cost . I do n't know what the reviewer before me was talking about , there will never be a PSP version on NINTENDOGS , as in the name it is a nintendo product , that would never happen . Buy this game if you have n't already , it is great .
 Nintendogs is a game that takes full advantage of the Nintendo DS 's features
 It is an awesome game that is super fun and addicting its not too expesive eiether it uses all of the ds 's controls it the game i have been dreaming of !
 This game is pretty good , but you get bored with it real easy . This was the first game I got for my DS , and it was fun ... for a while . Then I got Animal Crossing for DS and pretty much ignored Nintedogs . It just depends if you are a dog lover or not . I like dogs , but I 'm not crazy about them . I think everyone has their own opinion , and I have mine .
 Good game ... I like the fact that you get to interact with it and actually talk to the dog .
 This would be a terrific game for kids -- it 's good fun , easy to master , and sneaks in some educational lessons on responsibility . That said , I 'm an adult and I like it too ! It 's a little simplistic , but the puppies are cute and since I live in an apartment where I ca n't have a real pet , this is a nice alternative . Plus you get to take it for walks without getting off the couch , and all you have to do to clean up its poop is tap it with the stylus ! If that 's not a perfect pet , what is ? The one downside is that if you want your puppy to stay with you , you have to make time to feed and walk and play with it even when your schedule gets busy , but I guess that 's good practice for raising a real puppy too .
 Nintendogs is a cute game that any dog lover could appreciate . Where else can an average person have up to five dogs at once and still live a normal life?Once you get the hang of it the training for the dogs is a breeze , although I may just be picking the right dogs . The animation is fairly realistic as far as animal games go.The contest options are also fun . The disc competition is my favorite as it does n't require you to speak perfectly , like the obedience competition , and the dogs seem to catch on quicker than they do with the agility competitions . Regardless , all three modes can be a fun way to earn more money to pamper your dogs and upgrade your living environment . I 'm currently saving up for the most expensive home style.As you train your dogs , you also earn trainer points which unlock different dog breeds in the kennel . This is also a fun option , leaving you plenty of choices when choosing a new dog.My only dislike , however , is that Nintendogs runs on real time based on the clock option in your DS , making it a necessity to play every day if you want to keep your dogs happy while continuing to train them . If one 's leisure time is limited , this could become an issue . Sometimes you have to neglect your dogs if you want/need to do other things , possibly leading to runaway dogs or who knows what else .
 My son loves this game because you get to raise dogs and take care of them . He likes to take them on walks and there are several versions so you can pick the dog you like .
 My child is playing this game every day and very happy with her puppies . I like desine and idea - training dogs and taking care of them is much better then killing enimies .
 This game is great!You can do so much you can feed your dog take it on walks play even enter it in competions.I have two dogs on my nentendogs a golden named Meme and a shiba inu named Heroshe they are so cute!You should buy this game.If you do buy this game Remember that you have to take care of your dogs or they might run away -LRB- If your dogs do run away dont worry they will come back -RRB- . Your dogs will even get dirty so you get to give them a bath and thats fun -LRB- After you give your dog a bath its a good idea to brush their fur -RRB- . The graphichs are awsome the dogs look so life like.And you ca n't forget bark mode which lets you interact with other dogs on bark mode!Sincerly Nintendogs fan , age 9p . s.Buy this game !
 this game is good for people who have never had a dog , or people that are getting one . it shows you that you need to love your dog , which in the game can run away from you if you do n't love it enough . their are many different dogs to chose from . you buy food , water , and toys for your dog with the money taht you earn . you earn money buy selling things , or placing in the top 3 of frisbee compatitions , agility and obedience compatitions . this game has VERY good graphics !! you can go on wireless connection and meek your other friends and meet their dogs too !!!! after a while though , this game does get boring , i mean you do the same schedule every day , take it for a walk , feed it , bathe it , and do compatitions ...
 I like this game a lot . You get to take care of your own dog . But at the beginning of the game is kind of cheesey . You only start out with 1000 dollars . You have to get a dog then your moneys low . But after a few days your money gets higer and your trainer points do to . You start to find better items on your walks . You can link to other people with bark mode and you can give them items . Youcan onley get eight dogs . you can have five in the motel . You can keep three at home . When your trainer points increase you can get other dogs to buy . And if you link to sertin kinds of nintendogs you get other dogs . I think this game is great i hope you buy it .
 This game is awsome ! Before I got a DS , I had Dogz for GBA . Compared to Nintendogs , I think that Dogz belongs in the trash ! Nintendogs is soooo CUTE !! I just ca n't stop playing it!Okay , if you 're planning to buy this game you should know that there is a lot to do . First , you buy a dog at the kennel . When you take it home , you teach the dog its name using the built in microphone . You will also teach it commands this way later in the game . You can also take your dog for a walk , where it can find presents , or meet other dogs . You can take him or her to the park or to one of two discount shops.The best parts of this game are that you can keep your dog forever -LRB- rather than 3 weeks non-real time in Dogz -RRB- , and that you can own up to 8 dogs -LRB- only three can be in your house at a time -RRB- . Although many people say that Animal Crossing
 I purchased the game for my wife as a gift . She enjoys the game very much and finds the interactions great , because the game dogs have actions just like real dogs would . Very good game overall due to the great creative design .
 I got this game and i could not stop playing it.you can get money by winining a contest .
 This game is wonderful . I would absolutely love to have a real dog , or two , or three -LRB- ! -RRB- but work keeps me away so much that it would be bad for the dog . So , I play this simulation , which makes me want a real dog even more . Every morning I spend the bus commute to work feeding , watering , walking , and playing with , my dogs . And then when I come home , that 's when I really get to play , teaching them tricks , throwing the Frisbee , because then I get to talk to them without disturbing other people . They are so cute and have different personalities , too . Once , I put one of them in the dog hotel , and then tried to get the dog at home to go to sleep with the `` Naptime '' record . But instead of going to sleep as usual , she walked around restlessly , looking for her brother . She was so cute , I took him right back out of the hotel and brought him home . Right away , they laid down together and went to sleep.I bought the Nintendo DS just so I could get this game , and it was SO worth it . It 's worth it even if Nintendogs is the only game you buy !
 this is my 7th reveiw . i wrote that you can have 8 dogs.you can have 3 dogs at home with you but if you want 8 dogs 5 of them have to be left in the dog hotel where they pamper your pup -LRB- more details in instruction booklet that comes with nintendogs.the wirless range is 100 feet . And if you want more info . if you get nintendogs look in the instuction booklet you can reset the game etc.nintendo i am your # 1 fan . every single video game that i have is nintendo . i have a gamecube ds and gameboy.also Kenji Nishida is a great 3d library programmer.I want a dog and my mom says that if i am responsible i can get one in march . this game will help me i guarnteed.if you like this game get animal crossing in december to.Well but things could be unusual to .2 weeks after sheli got nintendogs I got it . Sheli said it was the worst.Then a week later she came up to me and said now i like it again.one day i also thought if i lose a competition just turn the ds off with out saving turn it on and try again . once i did n't play with nintendogs for a week . a week later my dogs would not come to me . i could not take them on walks or enter them in shows . it was horrible.i will write an 8th reveiw in a couple of days i promise ! also bye psp s money that they will not make on nintendogs cause psp stinks copycats of nintendo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just go this game Wednesday and I think its really fun ! It has great AI and great graphics . It can get it tad boring at times but then u get a new dog or some new toys and its fun.And to the person saying there is gon na be a gamecube version . . um hello ? You need a touch screen to play the game , that is part of the Nintendogs expierence . Also to people saying that this game is pathetic . SOME PEOPLE CA N'T HAVE DOGS ! For a whole lotta reasons . My mom hates dogs and my dad is alergic . I dont understand why anyone would hate this game . So try it out people!There isnt really much that I would improve in this game . More details on how the dog is feeling would be nice though.They are coming out with a holiday version too so watch out for it ! And keep wagging folks ^_^
 OK I DONT HAVE THIS GAME YET BUT MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 6 DAYS AND MY DAD SAID HED GET ME ONE.FIRST , IV BEEN HEARING ALOT OF RUMORS ABOUT THIS GAME LIKE IN WIRERLESS RANGE OF 65 100 I DONT KNOW WHO TO BELIVE HELP ME!SECOND OF ALL ALL YOU PEOPLE OUT THERE WHO WROTE THOSE LETTERS ABOUT THIS BEING BOREING WELL SO ARE YOU YOU JUST CANT HELP YOUR SELFS GETTING ONLINE TELLING EVERYBODY THAT THIS GAME IS BOREING WELL ITS NOT EVEN THOUGH I DONT HAVE IT I HAVE PLAYED IT AT A LOCAL WAL-MART . ALL OF YOU WHO WROTE THOSE LETTERS ARE STUBID AND INCENCIDERAT . IF YOU DONT LIKE THIS GAME GIVE IT AWAY IF YOU NEVER PLAY IT STUPID HEADS . YOU PROBULLY PLAYED IT ONE TIME AND GAVE IT UP . WELL LISTEN YOU ARE LUCKY I HAVE TO WAIT I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO GET THIS GAME ! O0O YEH THE PERSON WHO WROTE THE LETTER ABOUT DONATEING TO THE HURRICANE I HAVE ALREADY DONATED MY MOM HAS ALREADY DONATED MY SCHOOL HAS ALREADY DONATED!THIRD , IDIOTS OUT THERE WHO ARE SAYING NINTENDOGS IS COMEING OUT ON PSP ITS NOT ! SO STOP ALREADY LISTEN TO ALL THESE REVIEWS THE PSP -LCB- POTHEDIC STINKY PORTIBLE -RCB- DOES NOT HAVE A TOUCH SCREEN OR A MIC . SO SHUT UP LOVERS OF POTEDIC STINKY PORTIBLE -LCB- PSP -RCB- STOP TALKING ABOUT IT IF YOU REALLY CARE GO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT : PTHANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TTIME TO READ MY REVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ok this is for the person who said i could write this to them and they would look every day for it well hears my question : are they comeing out with a nintencats or a holoday version of this game please answer me : -RRB-
 This game is soooo cool ! You buy a dog , teach it its name train it and stuff ! Its voice activated too ! I have a beagle named Bagel and a Pug names Pugsly . I like putting them in contests and taking walks with them ! So far they can spin , sit , lie down , roll over , and a lot more !
 This is actually a really cute game . I got this one for Christmas and I like it . I tend to get really nervous around actual dogs so this is a good game for someone like me . Actually , I do n't get nervous around dogs themselves , but I get nervous around dogs that have loud barks to them . I 've always wanted to get a puppy of my own , and this game is the next best thing to having an actual puppy . right now I am saving up so I can get another dog to be my current one 's friend . I already have a female , but I 'm thinking of getting a male , possibly of the same breed . I have a five day old golden retriever named Buddy . It is a female . I 'm hoping to get a male dog to be her friend soon . I really recommend this game , especially if you 're nervous around real dogs but you still want to get a puppy ... this is really the next best thing for you .
 I got a limited edition nintendo ds . It 's teal and it caame with a best friends edition . You enter them in competions , care for them , take them for walks , buy things and more dogs , and discover . Buy it ... Your missing out !
 Can i get a dalmation?No , unfortunately you can not get a dalmation . And no offense , but the people who think they know everything about the game and then say you can get a dalmation are rather idiotic . I do not intend to be rude , but i have had the game for a long time , and i checked it up on its official website and looked at the accessories , and found that it is impossible to get the firemans hat . And i have also seen the chosen breeds , and of course a dalmation is not on there . Here are the breeds that you CAN get : Lab and Friends - . Pembroke Welsh Corgi . Toy Poodle . Golden Labrador . Minature Pinscher . Minature Schnauzer . Shiba InuChihuahua and Friends - . Chihuaha . German Shepherd . Boxer . Shetland Sheepdog . Yorkshire Terrier . Cavalier King Charles SpanielDachshund and Friends - . Dachshund . Beagle . Shih tzu . Golden Retriver . Pug . Siberian HuskyThe snotty nose kid and good mother story . - What , i have no idea what that review was on about . Nintendo or any console company would never do such a thing , its criminal . And , firstly i hardly think that , that story is n't true , and even if it was , thats only one child . Maybe that ` Good Mother ' spoilt her child , who knows ? Not every child would react that way , most children who buy this can tell the difference between a real life dog and a virtual dog , and know how to react to each one . And do n't go on about getting a real dog , because maybe some parents dont want a dog rampaging around their household , or maybe they dont have the time ? Or maybe , if your unlucky , perhaps a member of the family has a allergic re-action towards canines . Im not being picky , but this is true . - From Hannah Cooper . -LRB- Age 12 -RRB-
 I love this game . I played it at a gamestop . I am going to get one today !!!!!!
 This game is fun . It teaches how to care for a dog only you do n't really have one . It 's great for people who have no way to care for a dog too .
 See my friend has a real dog but she also wants Nintemdogs as well . I have a bunny it does absolut nothing i just seed it and change its litter ! My sister has Nintendogs ... . She never lets me play with her dog and if do the dog wont lisen to me . My sister says only she can tell her dog what to do . . THATS SOOO COOL !! :D I hurried to saved money ... i even maked a limond stand to make money . then i check how much money i have . . 1 . .10 ... 20 ... 30 ... 40 ... !!! YAY $ $ $ $ I have anogh of money $ $ $ The nexk thing i do is going to buy it ... ok cool i have it now ... . hummmmm what do we do with it ... . i ask my sister about this promblem ... . she said to pick the dog i want . . i got a Shih tzu ! time to name it and tell him its name ... i will call her Korteny ... . Great she learn it !! Now time to play ... lets go to the parc . . has you all know we cant jsut teleporte there soo lets go i walk him all the way there ... We played ball at the parc . . now to come home . . in are way home i got him a nice hat . Oh my god he is soo dirty ... :O i have to fix that but how ... oh of corse !! I have to give my pup a bath . . ok done now lets take a napgood night !
 I thought this game is perfect going to work in the train it releaves all the stress this game helped through alot it calms me down and even now i have no stress i lye down playing it at nightfantastic i have got dachsund and frends and my son has lab and frends and my wife loves the labrador my son has its fantastic i only wish they could fit a bulldog into it seeing as it is my real dog!great game for adults or kids you will enjoy and if not maybe play mario 64 or yoshi they are all good but this is GREATi live in london and this game really helps me get on the subway not getting bored i no the title says im from cancun its a mistake i dont no why ?
 when my puppy went to drink from the bowl , i got scared and i had to turn it off . Then , i threw a ball to it -LRB- its name was chester -RRB- and it smashed into the wall and DIED !!!!! But then i got a new puppy named Ash Ketchup with a backwards k and and i felt better . Then it also died from heart worm and i fainted . I 'll sue nintendo for what they did to Ash and Chester !! : -LRB-
 i wish i had this game it looks so cool i hate that Kinsey she is DUM . you all like it so do not hate the game hate all that hate the game i man why would you not fed your dogs in life i man you fed your dogs then play the game or your mom or dad feds your dogs .
 Please wait for the gamecube version . Only that one will be any good . The gamecube version will use a special mic like mario party 6 . After you get all the dogs , you can hook it up with the ds version to unlock a special dog in each version . This version will not use a touch screen though . Only you can use the joystick and c stick . Many people will buy this , including me . Any one with half a brain will wait for this version . No one should buy the inferior ds version . 2 months until it comes out .
 Dont listen to the kid that said there was going to be a psp version -LRB- what would they name it , sonypups ? -RRB- anyways that kids a bumnut the game is great and there is no greater than it!the mic . touch is nice and graphics , one hundred ten percent , i feel like i really have a dog in my ds!and as i will say to that bumnut , DS version = way better !
 I bought this game for my 9 year old daughter for christmas . I love playing it just as much as she does , and we often spent evenings playing together -LRB- we have two dogs on it , one she trains with her voice , and I do the other -RRB- . I would recommend this game to ANYONE .
 this game is really fun . i ca n't have a dog so my parents got me this after begging for months . anyway , as for the game , you start by knocking on the shelter door and you end up in the shelter picking a breed of dog you want depending on the version you get . you get your dog -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- and you go home . you have to let your dog feel welcome , so you have to pet it to show you love it . after you teach its name and almost every dog learns its name by 3 tries . than you MUST teach it sit and than your free ! you can shop for it and take it for a walk and so on . you can find unlockbles on walks like
 i love nintendogs . i am getting the nintendogs bundle for christmas . i am getting the teal one . i will tell you a little bit about the game . well you start off at the kennels and you can pick the dog that you want . in the best friends version , you can choose from , the yorkie , german sheperd , golden retriver , beagle , and the lab . the cool thing about the game is that all of the dogs look very different . well back to the game , when you get your dog , name it and see if it knows it 's name by calling it on the built - in mic . after it know 's it 's name , try taking it on a walk you can go to the store , park or kennels . you can also go to the hotel if u have more than 3 dogs . you have to do this because 3 can stay with you all the time and the other can stay at the hotel . if you want to take one home , switch with the ones that you have with you . on a walk , if u find a firemens hat , you can un lock dalmations to buy . if you find a jack russel book , then you can unlock the jack russel terriers to buy . you can have up to 8 dogs too . when u are at the park , you can practice tricks and play . at the store , you can buy toys , hats , food , and kool stuff also collars , bow and stuff like that well there are competions too . you can sign up for the disc , obedience , and agility there are alot of other really kool things but i do n't want to give all the secrets away well if u get this game have alot of fun with it !!!
 IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE!BUY THIS GAME NOW !!! YOU WILL NOT REGREAT IT ... PROS1.you can have your own puppy with out all the hassle of going to a store , paying for it , mutch less convincing your mom to let you have one .2 . VREY FUN and soooo cute3.you can have up to 8 puppies total and can play with 3 at a time4.you can meet up with your friends puppies and have them play together5.GREAT GRAPHICS and soo realasticCONS1.you probally do n't want to play this game for more than 2hrs -LRB- trust me -RRB- 2 . you can only enter competitons 3 times a dayaside from that it is THE BEST GAME EVER MADE !!!!!!! BUY THIS GAME !!! :-RRB- : P
 IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE!BUY THIS GAME NOW !!! YOU WILL NOT REGREAT IT ... PROS1.you can have your own puppy with out all the hassle of going to a store , paying for it , mutch less convincing your mom to let you have one .2 . VREY FUN and soooo cute3.you can have up to 8 puppies total and can play with 3 at a time4.you can meet up with your friends puppies and have them play together5.GREAT GRAPHICS and soo realasticCONS1.you probally do n't want to play this game for more than 2hrs -LRB- trust me -RRB- 2 . you can only enter competitons 3 times a dayaside from that it is THE BEST GAME EVER MADE !!!!!!! BUY THIS GAME !!! :-RRB- : P
 This game covers so many excellent parts of pet ownership and encourages responibility . You start out by adopting a puppy and then teaching it it 's name by talking into the microphone . Once it learns it 's name then you teach the puppy some basic commands.You need to feed , groom , and play with your dog regularly to keep it happy and compete in events to earn money . You can take your dogs on walks and while on the walks you can go to the dog park or the agility training arena where you can train for different events . The graphics are amazing and you wo n't want to put it down .
 Let me start off by saying first that this game is SLOW and METHODIC . You 're gon na be playing for only a few minutes each day and gradually building up a relationship with your pooches . This is n't a game you can `` win '' or `` master '' within a time-frame . The more you play the more difficult it becomes.The more attention you put to ONE pup , the more the other 2 forget things they 've already learned . it 's nearly impossible to keep all 3 pups 100 % happy all the time . This is where the magic of the game begins . You ca n't be the best , but you can be a close second which is how life really is.The game is fun in that you have to pet and train and talk to your dogs , but it can get a bit monotonous sometimes in the daily walks , the having to feed every 10 minutes , the need to keep them brushed and happy . But then again these are the things which make it so life-like . So in a weird way they actually HELP the game.I think this is a good game for anyone to have , not only because it is cute as can be , but because it teaches alot of lessions in life and is a good way for children to learn about caring for an animal.The only reason I gave it a 3 star is because of `` bark mode . '' The idea behind BarkMode is that if you use it and are walking around on the streets and another person in bark mode walks past you , their breed of dog will be downloaded to your game and you can pick them up at the dog pound . While this concept works well in Japan where everyone is really tightly packed together in the big-cities ... in the country and subburbs of America it 's rather pointless . THe DS-Wireless feature is good up to 100 feet or so , and rarely do we Americans like to get within that amount of space to a total stranger . I want the other dogs and I 'm gon na have to find someone manually to get them rather than walking with the DS in my pocket .
 this toy is great . the graphics are fabulous , the competitions are fun and this game is really realistic . this toy is good for people who ca n't have a dog or need practice . there is one complaint . i just got a cavilier king charles spaniel and named it chucles . it took me 33 min . just saying chucles over and over again.i have 5 dogs.but it is also good for if you have a dog and you think you need more practice to care for it . i reccomend this toy to everyone . the walking shopping and even if it is a fake dog it is still lovable .
 Nintendogs is awesome ! I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE . . -LRB- 1 year later -RRB- LOVE LOVE LOVE this game !! In this game , you get to adopt a pup from the dog pound right when you start . The dogs range from $ 400 - $ 600 dollars . You start with $ 1000 dollars in the beginning , which will be enough to buy a unexpensive dog , food & water , and some toys.After that , you can start the fun stuff ! You can bathe your dog , walk him/her , feed him/her , and more ! -LRB- Tip - Your dog will bring you presents on a walk -LRB- Example . tissue paper -RRB- . There are also discount stores that sell toys , and food & water . On the bath , you drag your stylus around the screen and that gets shampoo and soap on him/her . Then with your stylus you drag the `` water '' on the doggie.To wrap it up , your puppie NEVER EVER big ! Do n't listen to the people who arent doggie lovers like I am ! * I am getting it for Christmas * I hope it helped , * ~ S ~ * .
 I got this for a gift for a family member and the game was in perfect condidtion for being used and I know she will have many hours of enjoyment . Also the main reason I was able to buy it for her was the good price ! Thanks !
 this game is the best game ever ! The dogs look so real and are really cute
 My 10 year old daughter loves this games she has played it for years and she still plays it!She started screaming she found the jack russell book which lets you adopt the jack rusell and she said she got it by putting the knit hat on her dogs every time she would take one for a walk and she changed her clock to the lucky clock and BOOM ! She got it good for kids like 6 and up .
 My granddaughter age 11 received this Nintendo DS for Christmas last year from her dad and loved it . She loved giving the dogs names and taking care of them . She picked up very quickly on how to use it . Because my granddaughter liked it so much , this year I purchased one for my nephew 's daughter who is 3 . She had her older sister show her how to use it and she also has enjoyed it . Worth buying .
 NintendogsIt is quite a relaxing game . You take care of a virtual dog and must feed it and take it for walks like a real one . It must be trained to learn tricks and can enter competitions like Frisbee contests . It needs to be cleaned and must be given food and water daily . It 's like having a real dog ! If you love dogs but ca n't get a real one , this is the next best thing . The dog enjoys getting brushed and you can even play fetch ! It just feels good somehow to play this game . If you are not sure about getting a real dog , try this game ! it could change your mind .
 This game is great !! It 's just like taking care of real dogs !! Everything about it is just neat !!
 My daughter is 11 and loves this game . She wanted a new dog but I bought her this instead . She 's been happy with it and no messes in the house !
 Nintendogs games have a lot of activities to participate in . The graphics are amazing , and you can have lots of fun playing with your puppy . You can enter competitions with your dog if you have trained enough , go on walks , meet new friends , and play with toys . It might not be worth 25 $ though ...
 This was my first game for Nintendo DS . It is a very simple game that allows you to choose a puppy to purchase , train , care for , and play with . Using voice commands , you train your puppy to do various tricks that can be tested in an obedience challenge . Also , you can train your puppy for frisbee and agility trials -- my favorite ! If your puppy places in a contest , you win $ $ $ . With the $ $ $ you can buy basic care items and accessories for your pup , as well as upgrade the home your puppy lives in , wow!Pros
 I used to own this game . My friend borrowed my Chihuahua version but never gave it back . I decided to get this again because I missed it . I got a new version because I wanted to give it a go with new dogs . Actually , it 's not here yet ... I 'm going nuts because of that . I 've been reading stuff on it all afternoon . I LOVE Nintendogs to death ! My mom would sometimes give me weird looks when I would talk to my dogs but I loved them anyway . My step-mom thinks it looks dumb , but maybe I can change her mind ... I really liked looking up advanced tricks and then trying to teach them to my doggies . The only thing that bugged me was that sometimes my dogs would go all schizo on me and decide they do n't remember a thing . That got sooo annoying . I used to have a Cavalier K.C. Spaniel whose name I ca n't remember right now . I reset or something , but I was sad when she was gone . She was so smart and adorable ! I do n't know which dog to get first in this game , but all I know is I ca n't wait for it to come . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go read and obs-er , I mean , educate myself more about this game .
 This game is the best nintendo ds game ever ! I like the first one -LRB- Dachshund and friends -RRB- so much that I got lad and friends and Chihuahua and friends ! I luv bark park !
 I DONOT HAVE THIS GAME YET BUT I AM GETTING IT!FIRST , I HEARED THAT YOU CAN HAVE 8 DOGS BUT I ALSO HEARED THAT YOU CAN HAVE 3 HELP MESECOND , I HEARED THAT THAT IT HAS A WIRELESS RANGE OF 75 BUT I ALSO HEARED THAT IT HAS 100 HELP METHIRD , I WANTED TO KNOW IF IT WAS TRUE THAT IF YOU FIND A FIRE HAT YOU GET A DALMATIONTHANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME TO READ MY REVIEWP.S . PLEASE WRITE BACK I WILL CHECK
 help ! again . i know this game is a wonderfull experience but i want to buy a ds to get this game .
 this game is awsome i love it i didnt buy it yetbut i played it in a store anyhoe im getting it for christmas i cant wait !
 i have the special edition best friends nintendogs that comes with a pink DS but it is the same game and it is sooo cool !!! my Yorkie , named puppy , 's fav toy , it is a red rubber bone .
 This Is Heaven ! I have always wanted a dog -LRB- pug -RRB- , but the whole responsibilty situation was n't working for my parents , now with Nintendogs i finally got the dog I never had without the mess and money ! A great game with polished 3-D graphics and fun minigames , Nintendogs is a must-buy for kids who want a dog or the kid who always wanted a virtual dog!Mini Review-Sound/Music -4 out of 5Graphics-5 out of 5Gameplay-5 out of 5Entertainment - 5 out of 5Replay Value - HighOverall - 4.5 / 5
 can someone tell me if you can go to the vet on this game I do n't have one yet but I am sure it will be lots of fun I want it `` stinks '' is mean but `` COOL '' is nice and all of you who said this game was fun I agree with you Buy this !
 i always wanted a dog but my parents wo n't let me have one so i wanted to get this game and it turned out to be the game i have ever played
 I received my game in time for Christmas just like I was told and it was very exciting to see . It has been very fun to have and provides countless hours of joy in my home . I ca n't begin to tell you how happy my children were . Thank you again I know just where to come for valuable items at the right price ! Your company truly lives up to its name . In a time where word of mouth is so very vital to many companies rest assured that I will be telling those that I associate with just how pleased I was with this encounter . Looking forward to continuing my business with you-Tricia from Ohio
 This game is incredible . It offers the feeling of owning a real dog . It is simply the best virtual pet simulation yet .
 this game is great the first time you play and for a whileafter but if you havent unlocked the dog you want from another version and you are not wanting to adopt another pet its boring and you dont know what to do with the money.you end up with like $ 5000 but it is still good
 Your puppy would be saved on this game , because when you get a new dog , it automaticly saves your dog .
 Hi . I do n't have Nintendogs -LRB- I 'm saving up for it -RRB- . I just had a question . If you had a puppy and then you took the chip out -LRB- game -RRB- and put another one in , when you put Nintendogs back in would it still have your puppy or would you have to get a new one all over again ? I know that 's kind of a stupid question but I just wanted to know . Thank you for reading this and if you can , please answer my question .
 This game is fun to those of us who ca n't have pets , much less dogs.I have real dogs and this game is much more fun then trianing them .
 i got 1 question about the game
 I do n't know why kids bother write a review that bashes the game when they do n't even give it a chance . I am a 18 year old girl and I greatly enjoy this game ! Its wicked cute . Please people listen to the adult 's reviews.Nintendogs is a break from blowing up things and killing . The graphics are awesome and the ability to talk to your dog is wicked cool . Buy this game !
 I bought this game three days ago and love it . My husband is also enjoying the game !! It has been fun training and caring for my puppy !!
 i just want to know how many flowers there are in daschunds and frinds ??? great game by the way !
 My son actually had a `` Dogz '' and `` Catz '' game similar to this for our computer some years ago . Very fun ... very cute but wow , how far the technology has come in a few short years ! First of all , the images are amazing and very crisp and clear . Secondly , he 'll play it for hours on end -LRB- if I let him -RRB- and really seems to be doing something constructive rather than just shooting things and running in circles finding coins . The voice recognition is really genius , he 's the only one that can train the dog he 's chosen , even if his friends decide they 'd like to try the game . It also teaches responsibility before the fact if you are thinking of getting a pet . No ... it 's not `` real life '' but it 's the coolest virtual thing I 've seen in a long time ! It 's not a bad price as games go , and it really will keep the kids occupied for a long time . I just think it 's really neat and hey , it 's not annoying like a Furby .
 We are americans living in japan and currently have the japanese dachsund version -LRB- there are 3 different versions in japan -RRB- . Each version allows you to own over 4 different dogs.After figuring out how to use it -LRB- we do n't read japanese -RRB- my daughter spent a lot of time teaching her dog his name and how to do tricks . The game incorporates a voice recognition function so the dog only responds to it 's owner . The dogs act like real pets , it took my daughter a whole day to teach the dog it 's name -LRB- like a real puppy -RRB- so it would respond to her . It gave her a taste of what it 's like to own a real dog . She has to feed it and clean it 's mess or is fined `` money '' . There is not one problem my daughter has had with this game and it can be reset if you want to start over . This is such an awesome interactive game , the graphics are outstanding and the puppies are sooooo cute ! You can also detect other DS puppies if you 're walking around town with your DS on . The puppies start barking to each other then you can link up and let them play together ... Well worth the money !
 If you 've always dreamed about having your own dog , be sure to give Nintendogs a try for your Nintendo DS . The game helps to teach you the skills necessary to care for a pet!There are three different types of Nintendog games out there - Chihuahua , Dachshund , and Labrador Retriever . Each game has a different group of dog breeds available in it . If you get all 3 games you get the full collection of dog types - but there are plenty enough to choose from with just one game.You start out by choosing a dog and naming it . The simple interactions come first of course - tossing a tennis ball , petting the dog , teaching it to sit . Your pet learns to respond to your voice commands , and develops a personality depending on how you interact with it . You take your pet for walks , feed it , give it water , and most of all provide it with love and affection.As you progress with your pet , you can teach it more tricks , play frisbee with it and enter it in a variety of competitions . You can earn money , buy new treats for your pup , and even customize the home you live in . If you have other Nintendo DS owners in your area , you can even share pet time together and exchange information!I 've played many pet games before this one - Catz , Dogz , Creatures , NeoPets , you name it . It 's impressive how far the graphics have come in these games . The Nintendog pet is very emotive - from the hopeful eyes to the wagging tail , you really get a sense that this is a live creature anxious for affection . You can pet the pup , nuzzle it under the chin , tickle its belly . When you throw the ball or toss the frisbee , it really reacts the way you would think it should.It 's delightful to see a game that does n't involve violence or destruction . Sure , if you neglect your pet it will get upset . But in general , you can go as slowly as you wish , caring for your pet , knowing that it will unashamedly love you back completely.There are millions of people out there who simply can not have a real pet . Some are allergic to pets , some have tiny apartments where there is not enough room for a pet . Some kids are simply too young for a real pet and have parents who will not take on the responsibility . There are many , many reasons that a real pet would be impossible - and the Nintendog is the perfect solution!Highly recommended - 5/5
 I remember when I first saw this game . I was bored and then my friend pulled out nintendogs and asked me if I 'd like to try it . I had so much fun with it I wanted to get it right away , of course , if your like me , and spend your allowance on gum , that 's just not gon na happen . So I had to wait for Christmas , figures , but the wait was deffinately worth it ! Most people say things like '' if you ca n't have a dog this game if right for you ! '' or `` this game can get boring after a while ... '' but that 's not true ! I have a dog , so I should know ... Anyway , first you have to pick which version is right for you , I picked Dachsund and friends because I had a Goldend Retriever , and I always thought those `` weiner dogs '' were so cute . And I got a dog that was simaler to my actual dog and named it Millie , the name of my actual dog . That way I could say that I was carrying my dog in my pocket all day . Anyway , here are the things that make nintendotgs so sweet : * Bring it anywhere * Many dogs to choose from * Use bark mode to meet and greet other nintendotgs owners * So realistic * No two dogs are the same * Respond to your voice * Tons of things to do * Really care your dog , feed , give it water , and pick up -LRB- eww -RRB- poo * Teach it tricks * Many Easter Eggs -LRB- AKA
 This is a really great game ! There are so many different things to do with your Nintendog .1 . Play fetch , catch , ball and other games with toys you can collect on walks or buy from the pet supply shop .2 . Take your Nintendog out for a walk ! Make friends with other dogs , gain special toys and items , train for agility trails , find bargains at the discount shop and visit the dog park .3 . Enter your dog in a contest ! Choose from Agility Trials , Disc Competitions and Obedience Competitions . Try your hardest to make it to the top ! 4 . Meet other Nintendogs trainers in wireless Bark Mode . Send trainer info , trainer gifts and recorded messages .5 . Take care of your dog ! In order to be a good Nintendogs owner , you must keep good care of your dog -LRB- s -RRB- by feeding , washing , brushing and watering it .6 . Pet your dog and give it lots of love!Since I have had Nintendogs for a while now , I have found successful ways to beat the system . Hope to be of help!Nintendogs Cheats :1 . To find out if garbage or a present is approaching during one of your walks , look at the top screen . There should be a little dog symbol on the path that you drew . If the dog symbol stops and your dog is still walking , this indicates that either a gift or garbage is coming up on the floor . If it is a present , tug your puppy 's leash back to make it stop and pick up the gift . The puppy will bring the gift over to you .2 . Prior to attending a competition , change your competing puppy 's accessory -LRB- collar , hat , ribbon -RRB- etc. . This will save your Nintendog 's changes to the DS before you compete . Proceed with the contest . Make sure to pay attention to the leading dog 's score and the placing score limit . If your Nintendog fails to score a place in the competition , immediately turn off the DS -LRB- press the power button -RRB- in the final seconds of the contest . This will cold boot the game giving you a free try at the competition again , not recalling your losing score . If done several times , this can help you avoid docking the daily contest limit ! 3 . Navigate to the screen where you brush your puppy . Instead of rubbing your puppy 's fur with the brush , leave the brush over the center of your dog . For each real-time minute the brush stays on the dog you will recieve 1 trainer point ! 4 . While planning a dog walk , make sure you schedule a visit to the dog park -LRB- full or empty , it dose n't matter -RRB- as your last stop on your way home . When you arrive at the park , go into your Trainer Supplies and change your puppy 's accessory to save any items you might have found or come across during the walk . Then , turn off the DS and then re-boot the game . Not only will you have your previously saved items , it will automatically restart your walk , allowing you to farm and re-farm the streets for gifts ! 5 . Unlockable
 I have been waiting since October for this game ever since I played my friend 's version . It is now december , and I 've gotten it ! Now it is very very great . The contests are fun , and petting your dogs is fun , and teaching them commands through the microphone is fun too . I could go on and on , for there are 768,957,103 things I could talk about that are so great . One more thing is a DS comes with a recharger , so you never need new batteries . But every game has it 's downfalls , and for this fantastic game there are 3 things I do n't like . Now the first one is probably all for the better . it is that you can only enter your dog in three compotisions a day , and it has to be different ones . But , I suppose it prevents you from finishing the game in 3 seconds , for it is so good , I would . Next one is that when you first get a dog , and take it on it 's first walk , you ca n't walk it to the gynasiam , where you practice for the Agility Trial , so basically , you ca n't enter your puppy in an Agility Trial until you 've taken it on several walks , for every time you take a walk , you can go further the next time . thridly is the most bad one . it make 's me sad . You can only have 8 dogs and there are about 50 dogs because in like Lab and Friends , you can get dogs from other games . So out of about 50 , you can only have 8 , and 5 of them have to stay in a Doggy hotel . But i know I 'll want more , and I do n't want to delete any poor doggies !!! So those are the bad things , but seeing my stars you know that I think this game rox the monkeys sox off , and if you are wondering wheather to buy it or not , get it ; you 'll enjoy it , ignore all the reviews who says you 'll hate it , it 's awsome ! so if you have actually read my whole review , thnak you , I hope i helped you .
 I should first note that I 'm an avid gamer . For the most part , my taste in games leans toward games like Mortal Kombat and Zelda . So , I was a bit skeptical of the chances I would really be able to get into a game like Nintendogs . It looked a bit childish . Nevertheless , I 'm always looking for cool and innovative new gameplay experiences , and I 'm starved for decent Nintendo DS games so I decided to pick up Nintendogs.I 'm glad I did!The first choice you will need to make with Nintendogs is what version you want to buy . Each of three versions being sold in the US includes not only the dog in the title and cover , but also a lineup of breeds unique to that version . Do n't worry though , if you are a fan of two breeds that are in different versions you will have the opportunity to unlock other breeds through a point system , and by playing with other DS owners who bought a different version.I chose Dachshund and friends because I wanted the Husky , he is ubber cute in the game even though he looks a little terrifying and evil in the profile shot.Those who imported the Japanese version of the game will note that the Japanese versions have a slightly differing roster of breeds.Nintendo has said that they designed the DS with the intent to deliver a new , innovative , style of gameplay with the hardware . Something that would alter the way gamers interact with their system , and allow Nintendo to differentiate itself in the industry.Well , with Nintendogs , I feel that they have finally achieved this in a strong way . To begin with , the game utilizes ALL of the DS 's features including the touchpad and microphone -LRB- to interact with your dog -RRB- , the dual screen layout -LRB- for maps , status , and various other features -RRB- , and the wireless features -LRB- to play with other DS users in a close proximety -RRB- . They 've not only used Nintendogs exhibit Nintendo 's new strategy for innovative gameplay , but also Nintendo 's strategy for attracting a larger demographic of DS users . How ? Well : When people ask me what the point of Nintendogs is , it 's difficult for me to answer because the purpose of the game can vary depending on how you want to play it . Competitive gamers like myself will likely play to earn a high point and trainer status . Others might play just to master one , or a couple , of the competitions . Some might be drawn to the game to collect all the various items to accessorize their dog with , or buying larger rooms for their puppy to dwell in . Many will be drawn to the virtual pet factor of the game.It all depends on how you want to play . In this way , I think Nintendo is reaching out to a broader audience of gamers by letting them define how they play , how often they play , and what they desire out of the gameplay experience.So what can you do in the game ? Well , I 've listed some of the things , but primarily you want to take care of your pet by watering and feeding it , and taking it on walks to ... do it 's business.You are given an alotment of money for care products.Once you 've got the basics down , you 'll want to start teaching your puppy tricks to enter competitions and win more money.Overall , I think this may be the best game to hit the DS yet . I did mark it down for a couple reasons though . First , it lacks the ability to allow gamers who are n't in the same room to play with one another , even though the DS has those capabilities.Next , there 's only so far you can get in the game before it starts to become monotonous and boring . Some seasonally-based events might be nice , or even the ability to interact a little bit more with other characters in the game.Finally , I see the appeal of the dogs staying puppies forever ... but it would add to the replay value of the game if the dogs did age.Well , that 's my view on Nintendogs ! I 'd just like to note a couple other games you might be interested in . Obviously the Sims , but Animal Crossing from Nintendo also comes to mind . In many ways it is similar to Nintendogs!Thanks for reading !
 For all of you `` dog lovers '' out there , this game is very fun . The first time I saw it in a `` EB Games '' store at the mall , I was hooked for 30 minutes until we left ! So , in about a couple months or so , here I am writing a review on the best game ever !! This game is all about the pups , which in my opion , is great . I am getting it for Christmas , so that 's about 12 days or so . Even though this game is a little pricy , it is worth it!INTROFirst , -LRB- As I 've heard -RRB- the game automatically takes you to the `` Doggie pound '' , where you can sell a pup , and buy a pup . Choose your dog whisely , because this will be your first dog , and there exspensive ! The first dogs range from $ 400 - $ 600 dollars . And , you start with about . . $ 1000 dollars . That is enough to buy a doggie , and some supplies.COMPITETIONSThere are three comps . The Agility comp , the Obidience comp , and the Frisbee comp -LRB- I think that 's it -RRB- . You can do these with each pup 3 times per day . You will earn points , if you do well.First place - -LRB- alot of money -RRB- Second place - -LRB- medium amount of money -RRB- Third place - -LRB- not so much money -RRB- No place - -LRB- no money at all -RRB- WALKS & DISCOUNT STORESOkay , when you take your first walk , you wo n't be too firmiliar with it . On the next couple of walks , your puppie will bring you presents , if you click the '' ? '' sign , or you can talk to other dogs and trainers . When your on your walk , there are discounted stores . They sell DOGS , TOYS , SUPPLIES , AND MORE !! -LRB- By the way , they are the same stuff as in the regular stores.BATH TIME !! When you bathe your dog , you drag the stylus around on your dog to get him/her soapy . Then , you wash him/her down with imaginary `` water '' . She/he is sparkley clean!LAST PARTTo wrap this review up , I think all doggie lovers will be interested in this game . It teaches you how to have a doggie of your very own . This game is long-lasting fun , and it is good for people who ca n't have a dog . Have fun!Buy this game , you will LOVE it !! Thanks , * ~ S ~ *
 Nintendogs is that rare game that both shows off what the DS is capable of and is so well done that it has caused tons of people to buy the DS solely for this game . Nintendogs has literally become a system seller just like Super Mario Kart has recently become . I am an older gamer who bought the Nintendogs teal bundle which includes a special `` Best Friends '' version of Nintendogs which has the 6 most popular dog breeds available from the start . I may be alot older then alot of Nintendogs owners but I am not ashamed to say I LOVE it ! I am not even 30 minutes into the game and I can see how FUN Nintendogs is . It 's simply amazing at how truely innovative Nintendogs is and the amount of work that was put into creating this game ! If you have n't already seen a demo at your local game store or Electronics store then head on over to -LSB- ... -RSB- where you can see actual video clips of the dogs in motion ! It 's one thing to see video of it but quite another to actually see your little puppy run up to you after you call her/his name . It 's just so adorable ! The ability to name your puppy is nothing special really but it 's the ability that Nintendo created where you can actually speak into the microphone on the DS so you are `` calling '' your dog that 's really special . Your puppy will `` hear '' you and once you have said your puppy 's name several times then your puppy will learn his/her name . You will have to be careful to say your puppy 's name the same way each time or at least in a similar inflection/tone of voice . One bit of advice I will pass on to everyone who might be having a problem with their dog coming over to them when they are trying to call them or perform tricks is that you should n't talk `` cute '' to them . Do not talk to the puppy like you do when you are talking to a real live dog or a baby . Simply talk in your normal voice and try to remember the tone of voice you recorded the dog 's name in so it will be alot easier for your dog to respond to you when you call it.As mentioned before , you can get your puppy to performs tricks and this is another aspect of Nintendogs that is really something to behold . I have taught my miniature dachshund only two tricks so far . It 's really amazingly rewarding to see your puppy actually not only learn the trick but perform it on demand for you ! All you have to do is record any name you want for the trick , call your puppy over , clearly say the name of the trick and Voila ! Your puppy will be sitting , shaking , rolling over and even breakdancing with the proper dog training!You can also unlock other puppies by buying them or smarter yet by earning enough trainer points so you can get more puppies that way too . You can also get them through Bark Mode which is a really cute option in the game where you can hook up via wireless to another nintendog owner . You can give the other nintendogs owner a gift or you can get a puppy from them . If you do n't know anyone with nintendogs this feature is useless but it 's fantastic that it was included in the game and shows once again how innovative this game really is . Once you have trained your dog , you can enter the lil guy or girl into contests which gain you more points and money so you can upgrade ! You can get alot of really cool stuff for your dog and your home ! There is a bubble blower , an item where you actually blow into the microphone and bubbles comes out of the item just like a real one ! Is that cool or what ? It 's features like this that make Nintendogs worth playing . If all you had to do was simply play your puppy , teach it tricks and walk it well it would get very very boring I think but by adding the ability to upgrade really adds to the replay value . I have n't gotten bored with it yet but to be fair I have played in short bursts so I think it 's a game to be played throughout the day if you want but in short measures of time.The Good : The Graphics are very well done and you will just marvel in wonder at how realistic the puppies look/act ! Interactive feature of speaking to your dog & teaching it tricksYou can buy items for your puppy & buy/unlock new onesContests to enter and winVery fun gameplay and actually rewarding when your puppy responds to youExcellent Pet simulator for young/old people who ca n't have a dog or want to know in a tiny way what 's it 's like to own one.The Bad : Might become tedious after repeating the same tasksPuppies stay babies and ca n't grow old or breedThe background graphics could have been alot betterOverall after only playing with the game for a very short time I have to recommend this game to EVERYONE whether you are 7 or 80 years of age ! If you are only into action games this might not be your cup of tea but if you are a patient gamer and want to see what the DS can REALLY do then BUY THIS GAME or the `` Best Friends '' Nintendogs Bundle !! Who would have guessed a little game about owning puppies would have caused such massive interest and made people who would n't have ordinarily bought the DS rush out and buy it ? It is fantastic that the DS is finally hitting it 's stride with great games like Nintendogs and I hope a sequel or a similar pet simulator is on the way !
 I Used this game on my nintendo DS lite - and WOW ! It is amazing ! I started playing and could n't stop ! It feels like a real puppy , as it barks , understands your voice , and has all of the responcibility , too!You simply call your pup 's name and it comes running . Or , you can train your pup to sit on command . Blow the screen when you have a bubble blower and your puppy can pop the little bubbles ! This game uses every feature the game has to offer , and uses them well ! Great game that never gets boring !
 My kids got the DS for Christmas and I picked up games that were familiar to them . THEY WERE HARD !!! Too much reading and too much concept going on . I am not bashing the other games , but they were not enjoying it as it was over their heads . My kids are 6 , 5 and 4 . My 6 year old wo n't give up the Nintendogs for the others to play as he is having a blast with his puppies . The game has n't left the console since we bought it . My son plays other PC games that require eye hand coordination using the keyboard and mouse . He is pretty good at video games overall but they have to be fun and trigger his interest.Here is my 6 year old 's answers to the questions I asked . . and let me add that he is a logical/wise child in 1st grade with an average 1st grade reading level.Q . Is there any reading?A . Just a little bit.Q . Is there anything difficult about the game?A . No there is nothing too hard.Q . What is your favorite part of the game?A . I like to play with the dogggies.Q . Is the stylus easy to work?A . YepQ . If there was something you could change , what would it be?A . I would like to talk to my dogs . -LRB- his sister has a baby girl game , she can talk to her baby -RRB- Q. Would you tell your friends to buy this game?A . yes I wouldQ . On a scale of Fun , SUPER Fun and AMAZINGLY AWESOME FUN ... what would you say this game is?A . He picked Amazingly awesome fun.Q . Do you think a younger kid could play it?A . They might need to know how to read a little bit , but you can play without reading it each time or their mom and dad can help.Q . You had other games that needed reading . . why is this one better?A . The words are easier and ones I already learned in school.So there you have it . I think its more simplified and the concept is simple . . give a bath , take for a walk , throw a frisbee , feed ... very simple easy instructions all compiled in a fun way .
 Hello!If you are looking for a game on your Nintendo , pick this one . It is just like owning a real puppy . I got this with the Nintendo . At first , I was clueless and had no help except the manual , which did n't give enough info . But this game is easy to grasp after 1-2 days , so do n't worry . You basically own a dog and can feed it , train it , take care of it , and more . It does n't matter which kind you get , -LRB- Chihuahua and Friends , Dachshund and Friends , and Labrador and Friends -RRB- because if you 're a good trainer you can just unlock all the breeds.This game had great graphics and sound affects , so buy buy BUY it !!!
 I got a pink nintendo ds lite for christmas along with this game and it is really fun ! You can : - Walk your dog-Feed your dog-Adopt from many cool breeds -LRB- all breeds are unlockable -RRB- - Train your dog-Enter contests-Go shopping-Give your puppy accessories-Pet your dog-Play with your dog - & Much more !! I reccommend this game to people who like dogs , animals , or just want a fun game !! The only fault is sometimes it 's hard to talk to your dog ... it normally takes a few tries to call him/her over to you .
 I played this game at my friends house . I just could n't stop playing it ! It was soo much fun , you get all kinds of dogs and name them . After naming them and getting to know them you train them to compete in games and train them to do tricks . You can go shopping for pet stuff , walk your dog and even meet other dogs with other players using the BARK mode . Put your dogs in the dog hotel , go to the kennel and get a new dog , donate a dog to the kennel , and even give your dog a bath . I have to say this game was soo much fun . This is also a great game if you do n't have a dog because the game makes you feel like you have your own dog.This is a very very very good game !
 This may be the most innovative DS game currently available . It uses all of the DS 's controls , especialy the MIC -LRB- and of course , the touch screen -RRB- . In Nintendogs you get the reel feel of being a dog owner , both responsibilities and rewards . You can train your dog , clean it , play with it , pet it , walk it , and buy accessories for it . You may also enter it in contests to earn money . You can buy up to six dogs -LRB- I 'm not too sure -RRB- . Really cool game for the DS . You 'll definately get your money 's worth .
 This game was awesome . Although I 've only had it for a little over a month , I have 4 dogs and over 30000 trainer points.Nintendogs is the perfect game for all you kids out there that have always wanted a dog , but are not sure that you could handle one or your parents are allergic to one . This game will answer all those questions . Nobody can be allergic to these dogs!There are plenty of helpful guides out there for Nintendogs , and I have used every single one of them so far.You get to take your doggies for walks , feed them , play with them , and teach them tricks . When you train them , there are three main contests , such as agility , disc , and obedience . Make sure you train your dog often.Although many reviews say that they know EVERYTHING about Nintendogs , it 's not true.But hey , do n't believe me without checking out the game for yourself . You will fall in love with it the first time you play , promise.You should buy Dauschund and Friends because it is really great .
 This is the best virtual pet game by far , let me say why : you start the game in the dog kenal , you get to see and buy one of the six breeds of dogs , choose your favorite , each dog has a diferent personality , once you 've chosen your dog take it home , make it learn his/her name using the mic.Train it to learn tricks so it can win in competitions , win the competitions so you can get money , which you need to buy food , water , toys and accesiries for the eight dogs you can get.You can also buy houses for you and your dogs to live in . Another way to get things is doing walks with your dogs , you may find rare items and other dogs for your dogs to play with.It 's a fun game , but it gets boring unless you get new items and dogs .
 I bought this game for my daughter 's birthday but it ended up with me playing it more than what I orginally intended the purchase for . In a nutshell , Nintendogs is still a game no different than raising Pokemon but its very possible to have emotional attachments to the virtual dogs because of their lifelike behavior . There are some noticeable software glitches and collission detection bugs but they are visible only to those who look into details . All in all , still a great buy . Hopefully the next version will introduce offspring to be able to create your own mix breeds .
 I got Nintendogs for Christmas and I think it 's the best gameever ! My mom wo n't let me get a real dog because I have two cats.I 've been begging for this game since September . Since I got it Ihave n't stopped playing with it . I have a dachshund named Cookie.She 's really good in disc competitions . We have $ 1,782.80 . Competitions are fun , but you need to practice a lot . I try to go to the park everyday to practice for disc competitions . It 's hard to get your dog to listen to you when you first get it . Ittakes awhile to teach it it 's name , but after that it 's more fun ! I only have one dog , but I will be able to buy another soon.On walks there are a few places to go . I usaully go to the parkand I just started to go to the gym . You can only do up to threecompetitions in one day . I used up all my competitions today , but tomorrow I 'm thinking about doing an agility trial . My doghas really short legs , but we 've been practicing for a while andI think she 's ready . I 've heard that obedience trials are the hardest , but I 've never tried one . In bark mode you can meet other dogs , but you need to be in wireless range to connect with someone else . Nintendogs is a great game . I highly recommend it ! Well I have to go feed my dog now.P.S . My dad wants one too !
 To all that seem to be to think this game isnt fun . You 're simply wrong . Not only does the game teach responsibilty it 's a fun way of doing so . This game shows that you need patience and a great deal of responsibilty in raising a puppy . On the down side , training a puppy isnt as easy as nintendogs makes it out to be . Thats the only flaw i see though . Nintendogs helps kids understand that taking care of a dog is a daily routine instead of i 'll do it when i feel like it . Frankly , i think the kids that call it boring are to dependent on mom and dad . You see , when a irrensposible child gets a real dog , they leave all the training up to mom and dad . While they may have to feed it , they only do so when told to . Therefore they think this game is stupid . It 's takes skill to train a dog . And this game is quite a good simulator of it . This is also a good game for kids who ca n't have dogs due to medical , money , or housing reasons . I have the game and i think is spectacular . My pup mika -LRB- Siberian Husky -RRB- Resimbles my real dog alot . very stubborn and doesnt listen to me . But that is a reason on why Nintendogs is a good game , it 's teaches you the basics of raising a puppy . and excuse me for my rant but you children that say it a waste of time , and for the people to own this game to get a life . You need to hush , for the simple reason that just because you take time to feed , water and walk a virrtual puppy doesnt mean you 're a loser . As i said it 's a great way to teach responsibilty and keeps those who do have dogs on track and gives the kids who cant have a dogs the pleasure of seeing what it 's like to own one.And as far as the psp thing goes . Give me a break Child . Even if there is a one coming out for psp , what 'll make it different aside from a differnt console.Beside from that , they just took the idea from Nintendo . I like both the Nintendo Ds and PSP . It 's wrong to worshipp just on game console .
 i know its been said a million times , but look people , NINTENDOgs will never come out on psp ! its made by nintendo ! you see?well anyway , nintendogs i must say is THE BEST !!!!!!!! My dogs , Bagel , Pugsly , Parsley and Buddy all are too cute ! So , as i was saying , you take care of nintendogs like they are real puppies ! You walk them , pet them , feed them , play with them , put them in collars , bows and glasses and hats , you also can play on bark mode , which it where you and a friend , who also has the game are aable tohave their dogs play with yours . You can even shop with your dog and enter them in contests !!! the only downside is that you can only have 3 dogs at home , but you can put 5 in the hotel !
 To begin with , I am a Nintendo supporter and love my DS . Unfortunately I found this `` game '' to be boring . In fact it is not a game . There is n't really a point to this `` game '' except take care of a virtual puppy by feeding it , petting it , and playing with it . You can buy acessories for your puppy and even enter him/her into contest to win more money . The downfall for me was the lack of motivation to continue . There are no objectives or an ending . I did n't find having a happy virtual dog all that rewarding . In addition the game expects you to play daily or else your dog will get hungry , dirty , and evenetually run away . So if you do n't or ca n't play your DS everyday , I 'd pass on this game.With all the negative points out of the way , this game has great graphics and uses all the features of the DS . It is well made and well thought out , it just is n't for everyone -LRB- including me -RRB- . Children will enjoy this game much more than adults . Because of the high quality and originality of this game , I gave it an overall 4 stars , but the fan-factor is only a two star or possibly a one star .
 I have had nintendogs dachshund and friends since christmas and I still play it . Though the game has lost the excitment that it had when I first played it . If you love dogs and are over 7 then it is most likely that you will like nintendogs . The game has fairly good graphics and there are a number of things to do . Though you will probably get fairly bored of it in 1-2 weeks . In nintendogs as you probably already know you can get up to 8 puppys . They rely on you for walks , feeding and watering , brushing , bathing , and lots of love . In return you get a puppy -LRB- s -RRB- to look at you with love in it 's eyes and hours and hours of fun and entertainment . There are contests that you can enter , but they only last about 60 seconds and you can only enter 3 per puppy . These contests are agility , obedience and frisbee . Overall I think that nintendogs is a pretty good game and worth the money .
 This is so far the best Nintendo DS that I 've seen and bought for my daughters , 9 years old and 11 years old . They have marvelous time playing it cause it 's easy and challenging too . At the beginning , it 's quite tricky to use the voice recognition to train the dog to follow your order . But with a little practise , without the help of parents , children will easily learn their way.Now they are collecting money that they win from the competition and busy buying many things for the dogs from the money that they earned . You could adopt more dogs when your dog is well trained already . One downside though
 This is a very addicting little game . Think of it as Animal Crossing , but with puppies.Every puppy can be unlocked in every version , however if you want a puppy from a different version than your own it will take a bit longer.There are tons of items to find and use , creating a massive amount of customization and surprises.Ignore the users that are mentioning a version of Nintendogs for the PSP . There will be no such thing .
 I do n't blame you for rating this review lower for I do n't own the game but I must get some points across to rabid PSP fanboy S. Alix.First things first , Nintendogs got better reviews than both Death Jr. and Coded Arms.Second , this is n't exactly their KILLER app , it would 've been a difficult game/sim to market in America regardless so they 're pushing it whatever way they can.Third , there are plenty of people above the age of 13 who play this game . It 's funny that you imply it 's for kids yet you 're wasting your time immaturely rating a game you have n't even played . I 'm sure you love San Andreas because you can kill things right ? Yeap those kinds of games are much more mature , also considering I saw a little kid no older than 9 preorder.Fourth , do n't rag and stereotype a whole country . Even if you do , get the stereotypes right ; Japanese people do n't eat `` domesticated '' animals . Also the game is a huge hit in Japan because Japan is a tiny country with a lot of people hence the need for apartments . Most of these apartments do n't allow pets so that 's why tamagotchis and the like were so popular.That 's how Japan is , I 'm sure people from other countries will look at americans and think oversized SUVs or backyard barbeques are stupid.Who 's `` we in america '' ? I enjoy plenty of Nintendo games and chances are you 've played an enjoyed Japanese games too like . . Metal Gear ac!d ? So you 're also a hypocrite!I do n't rag on the PSP , people can choose for themselves but your blatant and blind fanboyism is frustratingIn closing , here is a page with many reviews for nintendogshttp : / / www.gamefaqs.com/portable/ds/review/926847.html
 Ok , first of all , do n't listen to the RETARDS who 1 -RRB- have n't played the game -LRB- why even try and write a review if you have n't played it ? morons -RRB- and 2 -RRB- recommended you wait for the PSP version . THERE WILL BE NO PSP VERSION ! Nintendogs was made BY Nintendo , they do NOT share their games with other systems . Geeze , do a little research before making a review . Better to be thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt `` Objective Gamer . `` As for the game itself , it 's incredible ! Choose from a selection of breeds at the beginning of your game , train it do to tricks , catch frisbees , and even train it for agility trials . Your pup will be able to do the most basic tricks like ` sit ' to the more complicated like doing a ` handstand ' ! Taking your pup for walks lets him/her interact with neighborhood dogs while you pick up helpful tips from your fellow trainers , and sometimes your pooch finds a present just for you!Competing in three different arenas for obedience , agility and disc catching earns you money and raises your trainer points . As you progress throughout the game new breeds are unlocked and you can have up to eight puppies at one time . You can even set your DS to `` Bark '' mode and walk around while your DS looks for others that will `` talk '' back to you . With the DS ' wireless capabilities your pup can encounter other DS owners ' dogs and exchange tricks , items , and more.The most realistic animal training simulator to date the DS boasts ingenious touch screen capabilities , voice recognition for commands and control of toys , wireless communication and more . Almost any gamer and every dog lover will go wild over Nintendogs !
 NAME : ADRIEL RAHMANAGE 12NINTENDOGS IS 1 OF THE BEST DS GAMES YET.THE DOGS HAVE DIFFERENT PERSONALITIES . YOU CAN WALK YOUR DOG , ENTER IT IN CONTESTS , GROOM IT , PLAY WITH IT . YOU CAN MEET OTHER TRAINERS AND DOGS IN YOUR NEIGHBOURHOOD.IT HAS COOL TOYS LIKE AN ELECTRIC KEYBOARD YOU COULD PLAY WITH YOU STYLUS , A HELICOPTER , EVEN A MARIO KART ! YOU CAN RENOVATE YOUR HOUSE , EVEN BUY A PRIVATE BEACH!GRAPHICS
 If you get the dachshund nintendogs , I warn you . If you go on a walk , or to the park , you might meet , Wanda . She is very rude and annoying and always steals my dogs toys from her when we are at the park . Her owner , Jack is a stuck up snob too . Anyways , this game is really fun . I 've had it for about a month and I have over $ 4000.00 . Some people are complaining about the competitions and how you can only enter three per day . Well , your dog does need some rest you know ! And why does this person keep writing about how he wants to kill his dogs and cut off their tails ? That 's really gross . And it 's a lie , you ca n't cut off the dogs tails . Or kill them . You can starve them , but it wo n't kill them . So the person who keeps writing that gross review , please stop . It 's not going to make people buy it if you say stuff like that . I do n't much care for the disc competitions . My dog is n't very good in them . She is a golden named , Daisy . Sometimes training them can get frustraiting , but you just have to keep working . I have won alot obidience trials . Some people say that they are the hardest , but I think agility is . That is just my opinion . You must work very hard with your dog . And I warn you , the hardest trick to teach your dog is , beg . So do n't try to teach it that at first . Wait until you go through the begginer class and the open one . And then teach that to it . It took me over a week to train that to my dog I think . You ca n't go and buy alot of dogs at once either . They are about 500 to 600 dollars and it will waste all of your money . I have four thousand dollars and only one dog . Well I hope my review was helpful ! Enjoy your life with you dog ! P.S. Daisy says hello !
 Nintendogs is one of the SMARTEST GAMES INVENTED . GET THE DS LITE VERSION THOUGH instead of the 3D -LRB- reason later -RRB- For the kid , teenager , adult even or senior who is a dog lover but who CAN NOT have a real one.THIS is your solution.Nintendogs is as close as you get to having a pet dog at home - you get to go through the ENTIRE PROCESS of dog ownership , ... well short of putting it down.You start off byselecting a breed to choosing one from the litter from the breeder -LRB- yes you get to walk up the pathway and get to know the pups in the backyard -RRB- bringing it home and teaching it it 's name with your own voice -LRB- voice recognition system is brilliant -RRB- , training it to do all sorts of tricks with your voice & stylus and you get to choose what to call that command , bringing it for daily walks -LRB- which you get to decide to decide on the route which includes parks , & shops so you can drop by on purposewashing and grooming it -LRB- very realistic , scrubbing lathering and the shower nozzle is something else -RRB- stopping by the dog parks for socialising or competition training -LRB- obedience , agility and frisbee -RRB- behavioural training when you run into other dogswinning competitions and using the winnings for sustenance -LRB- food , grooming supplies , to cute tacky clothes , toys -RRB- and even if you do n't win any competitions , you can sell the things your dog picks up along your daily walks -LRB- or you can go twice a day for that matter -RRB- to fund your suppliesand upgrade your home -LRB- progressive interior upgrade -RRB- andplaying with it with the endless types of toys either picked up from the walk or purchased from the shops ... and do n't forget to pick up the POOP after the dog or you will definitely get a telling off by the next dog owner who comes along = -RRB- You will have endless fun maintaining it doing all of the above ... and you are allowed to have up to 3 dogs at home ... if you are greedy and still want more ... you will have to hotel the others and interchange which 3 gets to be at home at any one time . I prefer to have just the one though it 's quite comical to see the 2-3 interact.THIS IS INGENIOUS - the little dog responses to you calling it and will run to you and paw you as a real one would . When you pat it , it responses realistically with expression -LRB- closes it 's eyes and beam -RRB- . It will tend to perform better at competitions if you feed , water and groom it just before and of course if it has had training before . But it can get tired too after extensive activity and that is implied when the computer will prompt that.Got one for my special needs niece and she spends hours on it because she could n't have a real one . Nintendo has succeeded in evoking a sense of `` companionship '' with this . For all ages.The advantage nintendogs has over the original pet game is your pet will never die of neglect =-RRB- if for some reason you have n't played it for weeks or months , it just gets terribly hungry , thirsty and dirty ... and very annoyed with you . You even see fleas jumping about around it =-RRB- . Of course that will not happen with yours . All that is needed then is to feed it , give it some water and a long long bath -LRB- 2-3x to get clean -RRB- and you may even need to do a little retraining and a lot of patting and reassurance cause k9 may still be a little unhappy with you . Nintendog thinks of everything.If you do n't own any other game , this one will keep you smiling for a long time . INGENIOUS . WORTH THE FULL PRICE which is just half that of SuperMario and a lot more enduring appeal .
 you can see your sister your brother you can see your friends and with your stylus if you can make your dog lay down then say lay down when you click on the light bulb keep doing that then type it out with your stylis and you can get 100 $ if you get first place in the agilty contest to enter go for a walk if you see a big place when your picking a route then when your done go home oh and while your picking your route see those blue boxes put a circle around them when your dog runs that is present or a dog .
 This game is fun and once you pick it up you ca n't put it down ! If you ca n't get a real dog this game is the perfect way to pretend . Also this game can teach responsibility . -LRB- If you 're saying in your head-how , it 's just a game i 'll tell you ! -RRB- Your puppy can be starving , practically dying of thirst , or filthy . It tells you if they are or not . You can hold up to 3 dogs in your house and you can buy even more . You can also buy rooms , accesories , compete in competitions , practice competitions , and walk your dog . If you are n't sure about getting this game just get it . And it is great for people from 8 to 69 !
 This game is the best game in the world ! I knew even before I got it for my Birthday ! -LRB- About three weeks ago . Yaaay , I 'm 14 !! -RRB- ANYway ... When I first got it , I wondered why I had to keep telling my dog it 's name more than once for it to learn , but then I tried my common . sense ... You dog has to get used to your voice ! Yes , I 'm sorry to say that most of the time , -LRB- not always -RRB- your dog does not reply to other people 's voice . -LRB- I recently figured that out . -RRB- My parents get mad at me for playing with it so much , and my virtual family consists of 3 Boxers -LRB- Zee , Tiger , and Cocoa -RRB- , 2 Pugs -LRB- Cleo and Mimi -RRB- , and 3 Shiba Inus -LRB- Baby , Mimu , and Peaches . Also , how do you pronounce Shiba Inu ? -RRB- . There are so many toys , I do n't know what to play with next ! I found a teddy bear , and it sells for $ 60 !! -LRB- Of course I 'm not selling Baby 's Christmas present !! -RRB- There is also a soccer ball that I love to watch them all head-butt into the air . You can also use the microphone to blow bubbles , and even blow up balloons ! -LRB- as well as training and calling your dog 's name to get their attention . -RRB- Your responsibilities include bathing , brushing , feeding , watering , and buying for your dogs so that they can stay happy and very healthy . -LRB- Did I mention dressing up ? -RRB- To earn money , you can go to the secondhand shop and sell your unneeded or unwanted items , or you can enter multiple levels of three different competitions -LRB- obediance , agility trials , and disc competitions -RRB- . Earn up to $ 300 per competition ! -LRB- 3 competitions per dog , per day . -RRB- Even beat the Championships!No other game is so realistic , yet fun at the same time ! NONE ! This game brings unwanted , unfun chores to a fun , new level !
 Well I am getting this game for Christmas , I know this because my mom bought it right in front of me , we were standing in line and there were no more of the nintendogs games so we decided to get the one that came with a DS , but when we got to the counter , the girl right in front of us bought it , the good thing is that she origanally had a normal nintendogs game so we asked her if we could have it since she did n't need it , she gave it to us and now its home with me , I havent played it yet but i have read all of the reviews on it and videos and stuff and everyone likes it and since I 'm not too picky , I know i will like it too . You can make the dog to backflips , breakdance , chase it 's tail , ect . You can also get remote controlled mario karts in the game to play with your dog with , you ca n't breed dogs in it and you can only unlock the dalmation by finding a fireman hat . I ca n't wait until Christmas !! xoxo -LCB- . : : . A.Con. : : . -RCB-
 Nintendogs is a great way for kids to learn reponsibility because it 's like having a real dog so that if you do n't have a dog , actually if you do n't have a pet then having NINTENDOGS is a great way to learn about dogs and responsibility . If you are going through a lot of hard times and you feel that everyone is misstreating you -LRB- feel like you have NO friends-happend to me -RRB- than just pick up the Nintendogs and the dogs will become your friends.P.S . I just hope that they make a NintenCats !!!!
 I LLLLOOOOVVVVEEEE puppies !!!! I plan to get another nintendog ! My favorite dog is the duchshund !! In my opinion , this toyROCKS !! The dogs always listen and I appreciate that ! Unlike other regular dogs ... . You know who you are out there!Anyways , I say the fun is 5 * , education value is 5 * , durability is also 5 * ! Overall ... 5 * ! P.S.If there was a 10 to rate it I would definitly use the 10 * !
 ok , this game is so fun ! and here is a note to everyone
 hi , i just want to say to girl/boy that said there is no dalmation that there is a firemans hat . you have to have certain amount of trainer points to find it on the walk . and no ! you cant find a piano on a walk , you can only buy it in the shop on your walk and its 120 dollars . you need have around 10,000 TP -LRB- trainer points -RRB- to get it but its so fun . also , you have to have 10,000 TP points also to get the naturaul dog food . there is so far for me 3 diffrent dog foods . its a really cool game . some people wander what a dictionary box is ! to use it got to supplies . then tap on music then find the white disc and tap on it ! and then press record . put the needle on the disk and say something in to the mic . after your done recording take the needle of and press play and put the needle back to hear what you said . after that go to the dictionary box in the music section and when it apears turn the handle right to hear your words or turn it left to hear it backwards ! if you find a piggy bank dont do anything ! if your on a walk finish it and then when your home save the game but dont turn it of ! break the piggy bank and if you dont like the money you got then dont save and turn of and do it again or you can just sell it for 2 dollars . BUT if you find a `` very fine vase '' then break it DONT SELL IT . there is about 250-300 dollars in there and again do the plan with i said with the piggy bank ! when you go on a walk and go in the shop you may see treats such as , bacon crisp or cookies . remember you cant always find the treats so buy 99 treats . thats the limmit to getting things ! if your dogs wont play with you in the park that means either they want to play with there friends or they want to go home . if you wake your dogs up at night they may want to sleep in the morning or after noon . its a good idea to treats your dogs like real that way they wont run away ! ---------------------------------------------------------------- if you need help or tips on some stuff then ask and i will check everyday ! put your tital as `` helpful tips and hints '' thanks for reading !
 very cool !! i am soooooo going to get this !!!!! I played my friends game and the game is sooo cool !!!!!! the touch screen is sso coool you can play and pet the puppys and it is a great way to pretendif you cant hove a dog!you can take them for a walk and meet other trainors and play and trade with other tranors.I WOULD SOOO TOTALY GET THIS .
 I got Nintendogs about a month ago , and I must say that it has become one of my favorites for my DS . This game is such an irresistably adorable experience , and I am quite sure that anyone my age would enjoy it . Not only is it fun , but it also teaches responsibility.Bear in mind that if you are waiting for a PSP version , you are wasting your time . Nintendo and Sony are the largest rivals on the game-market , and the day my Nintendogs fly will be the day that Sony gets a liscense to recreate Nintendogs . Besides this , the PSP lacks a touch screen and a microphone , two essential resources for Nintendogs.This is one of the best games I have seen for the DS , and I reccomend it for everyone ! Thank You!Erica M.Age 12
 I am severly allergic to dogs , but i really like them , this game is the first game that i have had that lets me feel like i have a dog , tamagotchis were like aliens : S it isnt perfect , the voice recognition isnt amazin but mind you , would a real dog learn his or her name straight away ? i am enjoying this game a lot , and probably will for a very long time : D
 Nintendogs is an average-to-good game for Nintendo DS . If anyone is reading these reviews , PLEASE , do not pay heed to any of these other reviews ... these `` kids '' do n't know anything ... All of the kids who `` reviewed '' this game are just morons who saw this on a commercial and decided to bash it ... First of all , the graphics are stunning . Simply put , some of the best graphics of any handheld out , currently . The dogs look great and sound decent . Most of the music is just cutesy stuff , but it serves it 's purpose.Gameplay-wise , the game is decent . There are n't lots of things to do , but the things that are there are great . As the angry eight-year-old smart asses have already said , there are contests and the like to do , and you can walk your dog . Basically , most non-abusive activities you can think of are there . More pros are that the learning curb is quite easy to pick up , and kids -LRB- probably younger -RRB- will have a blast.The game loses a star because it really does n't offer much after a couple weeks , however , to a dog-lover it really does n't matter . This game is great . It would make an AWESOME holiday gift to anyone ... PS
 I am 11 years old and I got this game for my birthday . It was sooooooo cute to get my own dog . I do have a real dog but I have certain allergies and can only have certain types of dogs . In this game I can have whatever kind of dog I want . It is so awesome . This game is great . It does get kinda boring after a while but you still find things to do . I would give this game 5 stars .
 This game rocks out loud !! This game was way worth the money ! In this game , you get to train , care , brush , feed , water -LRB- etc. -RRB- your dog ! I love this game ! If you have a friend with a nintendog game , you and your friend could give each other the dogs you unlocked , give gifts and many more ! Overall , I give this game 98 percent ! By the way , you can have up to three dogs at your house and 5 at the dog hotel ! This game lasts a very long time and I am still playing it . I got this game for my birthday and I am glad I wanted it !!!! This game teaches you responsibility by taking good care for your pup !
 i have to say this game is good the only problem ? I have had to train my dog at least 10 times the command Sit !!!! why ? because every time i got to the part where you call it and tell it to sit it never does !!!!!!!!! you should still buy this game thought , i play my cousins now .
 HI . I would just like to say how much i love nintendogs . It is such a great idea . I think that it interested tons of young people and older people as well . My uncle has one and he loves it . Thats the first thing my bro wanted for his birthday and soon I am gon na get one . I love it so much . I play my bros all the time . I think it is great for the parents as well becuz it keeps children busy but in a fun way . Some people cant have dogs and if your reading this and you cant have dogs then you should ask your parents this minute if you can have one . Make sure to tell them that it is fun and keeps you busy . That i think will make your parents go out and by you one right away . -LRB- maybe not -RRB- But anyway , nintendogs is great for anyone . I love Shih Tzus but i cant have one due to allergies so maybe ill buy one on my game.Go Nintendogs !!!!
 Wow ! Wow really sums up this game it sounds perfect for anyone who ever wanted a dog . You can train your dog and play with it . It has very realistic actions for the dogs as I can see , I really hope I get this game!Hint for parents
 My daughter loves this game . She would play it 24/7 , if I would let her . The dogs look and act real .
 If you love dogs or ca n't get a dog , get this gamea . The ads were so good i went out and bought a ds and the game . this game is so awesome!Why are you reading this ? You should be buying nintendogs !
 im not sure if they are coming with nintencats ! but on october 24 they are coming out with nintendogs and friends ! it will include a pink or teal ds and it will how nintendogs in it with all 18 breeds . my friend asked the same quastion so if you love pink then wait a little bit longer for nintendogs and friends but the teal one is kinda like the blue one . hope this helps
 This game is alot of fun at first , but after a while of doing nothing but entering contests , walking and going into bark mode , it gets really repetative .
 This game is alot of fun at first , but after a while of doing nothing but entering contests , walking and going into bark mode , it gets really repetative .
 i do n't have nintendo DS just yet but i 'm getting it for christmas , anyways , from what i 've read and seen , it sounds like a fun game . If you love pets as much as i do u will probably want to get this game ! -LRB- my friend has it -RRB- you get to train your dog to do tricks just by voice commands if you train it enough!you can get a Miniature Dachshund , Golden Retriever , Beagle , Pug , Husky or Shih Tzu which is n't a bad selection . -LRB- i do n't know if there is any other breeds though -RRB- I ca n't wait to get !! it sounds like a lot of fun though !
 I truly love the Dachshund and Friends version of Nitendo Dogs . My friend and I love to play with my Husky and Beagle . We enjoy walking my dogs , training them , and entering them in competitions . We fight over who 's turn it is to play with the dogs . Nitendo Dogs let 's me learn more about dogs . It took my friend and I forever to figure out how to clean up after the dogs on their walks . Yet we found out it was so easy to . I talked my friend into getting one so she 'll probably will get one for Christams . The pink bundle at that .
 okay , i dont have it but BADLY WANT IT !!! i gave it 5 stars because it looked amazing.I am hoping to get it for Christmas , and the DS it plays on too.IT LOOKS SOO FUN !!! i loved the commercials , and the description made me want it even more !! CA N'T WAIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i have had nintendogs for over 2 weeks and its still a blast ! first step
 this is a great game I love it is is sooooooooooooooo cute it would be neat if it came out on psp but i do not think it will on this game you can enter contests & walk & feed your dog I highly recomend this game for people of all ages -LRB- this review is writen by the same person who asked that 1 person if there would be nintencats i hope there will be -RRB- get this game nintendo did a great job with this one I have the lab verson and love it !!!!!!! -LRB- ... -RRB- I love this game it is soooooooo fun when your dog brings you gifts seriously cooooooooooooooooool game BUY IT NOW BEFORE THEY RUN OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! : -RRB-
 This is a game that I -LRB- and everyone else -RRB- should like . I love this game and I have 16 dogs -LRB- including the ones I donated -RRB- . This game is helpful . If anyone does n't have a dog and their lonely this would be a good friend meant for you ! This could tell you the tricks you can teach your dog . I do n't know why anyone hate nintendogs because anyone in the world can learn from it.By Shelli
 This game is one of the most fun ones I have ever played ! Its almost like raising a real dog . I recommend you to get this game . As for the other reviews , there will not be a Gamecube version and certainly not a PSP version .
 THIS WILL NOT BE REALEASED ON THE PSP WHO EVER THINKS THIS NEEDS TO LOOK AT THE TITLE NINTENDOgs but overall this game was very fun and very realistic i am enjoying it alot
 Writing Tutor software is the answer for beginning writers and semi-professional story writers who do not want to pay -LSB- price -RSB- or more for good writing software . Writing Tutor does well among writing software competitors -LRB- StoryView , etc. -RRB- It organizes your story components , outlines , has a timeline , storyboard , idea wheels , story map ... I could go on and on . I used it to complete two short stories and am currently using some of the features for my novel . It 's a wonderful product at an unbelievable price . I recommend it highly.David Biscotti , Former Publisher of the Cozy Detective Mystery Magazine.Current Publisher of Earthbase 3000 , Sci-fi , Fantasy , and Horror zine
 This writing tutor is great for kids or even adults who need to write a paper , story , and more . There are grammar rules , a problem solver , inspirations for writing , editing tools , and lots of other great tools to write a fabulous paper ! It 's easy to use , and is worth buying to improve your writing .
 ok ok ok i dont have it yet bu i couldent wait to post lol oki am currentl 15 and i grew up with Zelda games i playd Ocarina of time whe nit first came out in Australia and that was the first game i ever playd even my mom got into it and she was just watchign me and my sisster play anyway iv playd the demo for this and its great peopel say for the gamecube vursion its low graphic . . well tell me ware because i see beautiful graphics for it and it reminded me of ocarina of time and im playing that noew on the gamecube again well the master quest one anyway.i cant wait till it arives i sent a order on the 20th and a few houres later he shiped it i was so surprised but yeah i cant wait to havethis game every part of it i dont care if it stink im a zelda fan iv playd every single one exept houre glass and i loved them since the day i playd it hmm kinda got of trak huh ? well im saying is this is the best game ever and buy it from the guy on the bottom because he sends it so fast and its probably going to be here tomorow
 this version will be out on dec. 11 2006 all ten seller have listed there product wrong oh and when it does come out it will be $ 49.99 in most stores if its more then you didnt shop around wal-mart toys r us and target to name a few i think even game stop is cheaper
 If you 're on the fence , I do n't have any idea why . This is the single greatest video game ever created . Get it today .
 I 'm only about 2/3 through the game so far , but fully addicted . It was worth the wait.A total change from the 2D graphics of Windwaker and a return to the `` Hyrule '' of Ocarina of Time -LRB- with different mythology -RRB- , but with even more inside humor even than Windwaker . I laughed out loud the first time the postman arrived , not to mention the grand opening of Malo Mart Castle Town . A moonwalking shop attendant ... . Too funny.The first half of the game is pretty linear -- kind of annoyingly so . You ca n't really follow a side quest or take a break from the main narrative if you get stuck . Fortunately , the foes are n't that bad , at least not if you 've faithfully played every Zelda game so far.Once you 've cleared the first two dungeons things start to open up more . By the time you get to the second half of the quest , there are plenty of side quests to pursue . I 'm not sure where the fish log is heading , but the new fishing style -LRB- two ways to fish ! -RRB- is a lot more fun than even Ocarina of Time . It 's almost like the puzzles in the oasis in Windwaker -- a game within the game . The sword skills are really different -- building on the new ones in Windwaker to a whole category of secret techniques . Figuring out how to get those was probably the most frustrating secret so far . It 's easier to play an ocarina than to howl like a wolf.I agree that Midna is far less annoying than any of the other helpers . At first I was wondering if she was the Twilight version of Zelda ? Thankfully she nevers harps on and on about clouds on Death Mountin . It 's easy to avoid her interruptions , and she actually gives useful advice when battling foes -LRB- it sometimes takes asking her a series of questions to do it -- once you 've died once -RRB- . The graphics are really beautiful at times , although the fixed points of view in some locales -LRB- Castle Town in particular -RRB- get frustrating.The wolf transformation is pretty cool too -- and I like that you can skip through the cut scenes you 've seen a million times .
 This is the best game ever made for Gamecube . This is alot better than all the other Zelda games which are all good but this one is awesome . Be sure and get the guide book that comes with it or you will be stuck on some parts of the game .
 Believe the hype
 Twilight Princess was overall a very fun game and all should enjoy it . Though , it was a little short and simple . Most of the puzzles wer n't as hard as they should have been , and the dunguens were way too short . But , I would still highly recommend this game to anyone , because it had great graphics , an amazing storyline , and was really fun . The only game better than it was the classic N64 Ocarina of Time .
 After playing this game since Christmas , I found that the game has suddenly swept me back to Orcarina of Time/Master Quest . -LRB- Which I specialy ordered off of Amazon.com for my Gamecube . -RRB- While a lot of people are comparing this game to Wind Walker , -LRB- which is a mere `` joke '' compared to Twilight Princess -RRB- T.P seems to pick up after Majora 's Mask , after Link finished his epic quest in Majora and is now a teenager/adult . Hyrule changed ... A LOT ! But it still packs the punch , and has MUCH more then Orcarina . You are still hit with the same/slightly-altered tune when the sun comes up , and night is no longer silent , but haunting and beautiful . T.P is what I 've been looking for ever since I first picked up the control for N-64 , Golden Cartridge when O.O.T was brand new . -LSB- Side-Notes -RSB- - Navi/Midna
 My son was really excited about this product however he noticed it was written for the Wii and he had to apply the GameCube controls to the book . I Thought it was a Game Cube Guide because it said GC Strategy Guide online but he still loved it ... . beautiful embossed book !! Great
 This game is totally incredible at first I did n't think it will be better than Ocarina , but its way better it starts by following the same formula that made Ocarina great , but then adds its own mix on things . The story is just amazing , I just ca n't stop playing it , ca n't wait to see how it unfolds in the end.Midna is so funny with sarcastic comments , and Link is a more mature hero , I just hope he could talk .
 I ca n't think of a single game that caused as much hype and anticipation than this , except maybe Halo 2 . But whereas that game had a set release date -LRB- famously confirmed when a game member got November 9 tattooed on his arm -RRB- , Twilight Princess was pretty much delayed so often that people wondered whether the Gamecube would ever get it . Then came a surprise announcement
 I 've always loved Zelda games . My favorite was always `` Ocarina of Time '' . untill this one hit the shelves.It feels just like Ocarina of Time -LRB- -LRB- it ; s hard to explain -RRB- -RRB- I LOVE THIS ONE ! It has much better grapgics than Ocarina of Time , and the weapons have upgrated into a way that when you use them , you can `` feel '' their power . it 's hard to explain , and sounds stupid , but it does feel that way.So if your favorite Zelda game has always been Ocarina of time , you 'll love this one.if not , still try it out because it 's really fun , and you 'll send around 40 hours playing.no joke , that 's how long it took me .
 I have yet to beat the game but it 's still that wonderful Zelda we 've been playing . A little tad but still fun
 My son loves this game . It came in early and it was even wrapped in plastic bubble wrap . Game was in good shape .
 Twilight princess takes the old Zelda story and once again weaves it into intricate and elegant game play . Link is easy to control , although the C-stick music still suffers , and there is added combat and cut scenes which really ramps up the excitement of this game . Overall it is a solid game that you are sure to dedicate at least 35 hours of game play to.Graphics : It 's the most beautiful game for the GC that I know of . It 's so detailed you can see the Triforce mark on the back of Link 's left hand before he dons his traditional tunic . Link and Hyrule have never looked so good.Music : Some old favorites mixed with some compelling new pieces . I 've downloaded some remixes of the music for my ipod , it 's hard to beat the nostalgic Oot themes , but I like these additions to the Zelda suite.Gameplay : Zelda maintains its standard of high functionality , Link is easy to control and responds to button combinations seamlessly . There are some new weapons , and twists on old weapons , which Zelda fans will enjoy as it adds a new learning curve to the suite of weapons introduced in Oot . There are plenty of mini-games , some fun some less so , and a challenging cave that hard core fans will enjoy reaching the bottom of.Class of its own
 I spent hours of enjoyment with this game . I am an avid Zelda fan since the first generation nintendo . And it grew more and more since Ocarina of Time & Majora 's mask -LRB- classics ! I would recommend this game to anyone looking for an adventurous fantasy game . This is right up there with the top Zelda games . Loved it !
 At first this game had me worried . The story line lead me by the nose . Go here go there and not taking off any doing side quest . I was thinking this is n't a zelda game . I cant do what I want when I want . I was about to stop playing but carried on . Glad I did eventually it really opens up and lets you do so much that I was suddenly over whelmed with the options to explore . I 'm so glad I did n't by pass this game . Totally a classic Zelda game .
 This game is perfect . I had passed 28 hours playing now and it still continue , the history , the graphics , the gameplay everything is what it must be.A classic that you can not miss
 i just got this game and i love it . the graphics r great the story is good and its not complicated at all . it is just outstanding.this game is 1 of the best games i 've ever played .
 I played this game at a cousin 's house a few years ago and wanted a gamecube and the game ever since . So when I got my Wii , this was one of the first things I got . I 'm only in the beginning , but I know I will love the rest of it as well . GREAT GAME!PS
 i like it ! better graphics . but some of the magicalness has left this game . but it has other stuff . playing as a wolf is nice . you get to howl and bite . also midna the little imp is cute .
 In the world of video games there are n't too many standards to rely on . Nintendo seems to produce the majority of classic games that everyone falls back on , but lately it 's been hit or miss . Zelda has held it 's own in the past years as a game that you can rely on to take you away to another place convincingly enough that you almost want to stay . I do n't understand negative comments toward this game , because it does exactly what it should do . Not only is the music hauntingly beautiful , but you even get a chance to make the music yourself through the voice of a wolf . Nothing misses in this game aside from repetition of dungeons and switching between worlds , but if you have ever played a Zelda game then you should n't really expect anything less . This game comes so close on Gamecube to being SNES/N64 revamped that it 's nostalgic to the point where you care less about 1080p and HD . This game does not dissapoint at all . Although it is a bit older , I swear when you put this in it 'll feel like it 's brand new .
 I just bought this game about a week ago . And I just have to say that it is without a doubt the coolest game I have ever played . The graphics are awesome , the storyline is great , being the wolf is one of the coolest things I 've ever done in a game , and it 's Zelda . What else is there to say ? Link is the coolest video game character ever , hands down . Sure the game is annoying as all get out sometimes , but it 's a Zelda game . You 're supposed to run around for hours beating your head against the wall because you ca n't find how to do something . Then you find it , in a very obvious place , and you have to keep playing . Twilight Princess is n't the best game I 've ever played , but it certainly is the coolest .
 I loved this game . Despite overreactive critics , this game was well worth the wait . It was simply and utterly amazing ! The beginning was fast paced and well-written , the middle was challenging , with puzzles that had you pulling out your hair or running to a walkthrough , and the end was surprising and beautiful . Love ! Anyway , I highly suggest you buying it . This videogame is not a hitman videogame were the entire thing is shooting people . This videogame makes you THINK . Not for the faint of heart nor for idiots . Anyone else
 This for me is the best Zelda adventure yet . I 've played all the major Zeldas that came out on the gameconsoles -LRB- not the portable ones -RRB- and I have to say this is the best most interesting one with a great story and a great play
 I bought this game one year ago . I usually finish games within a few weeks , so this game just sat in my gamecube wasting away . This game is long , sometimes frustrating , but very , very rewarding . Completing the game takes about 60 hours , and that is with some help from a gamefaq 's walkthrough.The first thing that strikes you is the atmosphere and graphics . Even for a last generation game , it is impressive . This and Resident Evil 4 really showed that the Gamecube was quit the superb little graphical powerhouse . The lighting , the water , all show new breakthroughs previously unseen in other games at that time . Each realm in the Zelda countryside all have an atmosphere that is both real and fitting.The game has an open feel encompassing all of the countryside . You get snow , castles , villages , canyons , underwater residences , lakes , etc. . The variation and the look is amazing . The amount of things to explore , like all Zelda games , is massive . There are plenty of things to do and plenty of places to explore.This brings the most important thing - gameplay . Each dungeon is unique in its presentation and gameplay . Many of them are quite ingenious . For example , to pass a certain level , you need to hit a switch with an arrow , which would then turn on an electric current that turns a metallic cave 's roof into a giant magnet , which you can climb when you put on magnetic boots . These are the types of `` puzzles '' that need to be solved . This game rewards thought , not just reflexes.There are some problems though . I hate bosses in all games , because if you die in the middle , you have to restart it . Also , bosses tend to have one gimmick which you must find out about , and you will just die and die until you figure out the gimmick . Zelda 's bosses fit this description . Fortunately , they are not difficult . Also , many levels require you to look at a certain place , or hook into some place that you would have never thought of . For example , in the last level , you have to shoot a painting , which looks like it 's just part of the background . If there were n't any walkthroughs on the Internet , I would still be stuck there.Finally , this is game is long . Way too long . For some people , that is a good thing . For me , not so much . I stopped caring about the story after a while . Not because it 's was n't compelling , but just I wanted to get this game over with.All in all , a great adventure game that lives up to the Zelda name.Pros : Great graphics for a last gen gameBeautiful atmosphereNice looking cutscenesVery balancedUnique , inventive , and well thought out dungeonsCons : Needs a walkthrough at a few pointsCould have been shorterTime for Zelda to have voice actingDifficulty
 This gamecube game is si much fun . The story is very interesting and the graphics are great . I would love to play this game any day!Apple
 The Legend of Zelda
 The developers took a lot of time and resources to make this game . It 's excellent work . Even so , a lot of the material is borrowed from OoT other iterations . It takes away from the originality . I think the forest should be much more expanded and explorable . It seems very isolated to me , and very predictable where you CAN go . Also , the Kokiri did n't make any kind of cameo appearance from OoT . I was hoping to see a little of that .
 Zelda fans rejoice ! The Legend of Zelda
 The game overall is not that 's hard , is that it has a lot sidequests , like final fantasy . The story is better great line , makes you sad , makes you laugh , too ! Great graphics !!! The games is very puzzle like ! it makes you think a lot , except if you have a game guide !! -
 I really enjoyed this game . The only downside is that the dungeons take up a lot of time , so depending on how much time you 're willing to spend on it in one sitting , it could get a little tiresome . But all in all , it is great fun .
 This is a review written by someone who has played both versions . In this review I 'll not only touch on the aspects of Twilight Princess , but also tell you a few differences between the Wii and Gamecube versions , because some will most definitely be curious.The Legend of Zelda is one of the most popular games of all time . When a new Zelda game marches forth , the fans are always there . Now , after spending years in development , with delay after delay and ultimately being pushed onto the Nintendo Wii , The Legend of Zelda
 First of all , I 'm not a gamer , at least not in the true sense . There is only one game I play , The Legend of Zelda . At this point , my review will be about Twilight Princess . I will not compare this game to anything other then the other Zelda titles I have played because as I said I have n't played anything else.Like most Ocarina of Time fans , I have waited for 3 + years for this title . Like most fans when I saw that it was going to be delayed my first reaction was anger and alot of it ! After assurances from Nintendo that they just wanted to make the game bigger and better , I saw sense . I was willing to wait if it meant this game would be BEYOND my wildest dreams.Nintendo has succeeded.The landscapes in this game are tremendous . However this is not to be compared to Wind Waker . Remember the hours of sailing ? I remember saying to my son `` Here honey , sail for me while I make a sandwich , OK ? `` The ` graphics junkies ' might not be too happy with the backgrounds , and if graphics are a priority over gameplay then do n't bother with this game . Sorry , but I still love Ocarina of Time with it 's 1998 graphics ! While it 's true that some of the backgrounds are muddy and the twilight realm can be overly blurred , it 's still the best looking Zelda game ever . I would have liked to see some of the bright flashy colors of Majoras Mask , but in the long run it probably would have been too ` cartoony ' for this dark title.The gameplay is comfortable and familar . Link has all of his classic moves although some have said that they wish the spin attack would have been more like that of the Wii . On the Wii version of this game , the spin is done with the nunchuck and has to ` charge ' for each use , ie . you hear a ` shwing ' of a sword so you know the spin attack is recharged . However , on this version , the spin attack can be used over and over as in OOT . The complaint is that enemies will be too easy to kill just like in OOT . My simple suggestion is
 The Twilight Princess , will forever reign as one of the Greatest.That is no small thing to say , and can not be said for most games ever released . I read an interview with one of the members of the Zelda team ; and in that interview , he mentioned they tried to make Twilight Princess a better game then Ocarina of Time . Now , many people who have played Ocarina will tell you how great that game is . Ocarina is considered by many to be one of the best games ever made . The Twilight Princess meets , and even surpasses its predecessor in many ways.I finished the game today , and all I feel is stunned . Stunned by its design , the story , the characters , and the deep level of gameplay . Challenging in many ways , yet not so much it is tedious , I enjoyed every minute of the game . I took about 55 hours to complete the game , even after I found every last Heartpiece . Of course , I played through Ocarina so many times that Twilight 's similar gameplay and puzzles made it easier to complete . Yes it 's true ; it is very similar to Ocarina in many ways , in controls , and gameplay style mostly . But different enough to be on its own , and you can play it without playing Ocarina . Although I would recommend playing Ocarina before you finish this one.My new favorite character is Midna ! Midna added so much to the game , way more then Navi . Midna is as unique as fictional characters come , and cute to boot . HA ! No truly , I do not want to give out any spoilers , you 'll know what I mean when you finish the game . I was yelling at Midna near the end of the game , not because something bad happens but more out of grief . Yelling , `` No you ca n't do it ! '' I was so involved in the story , that at the end I almost cried ... . Only to realize I can play again ! Hurray!Suitable for youngsters -LRB- 8 + -RRB- yet deep enough for adults , Twilight Princess is now # 1 on my all time favorite games list . I would n't say it is the greatest game ever made , just in my humble opinion , one of the best ever.Ocarina was not my favoirte game before Twilight , just so you know I 'm not a total Zelda fanboy . In fact , I have only beat around 10 games on the Gamecube . I mostly play PC games on my beast of a computer.Please go out and buy this great adventure , either on Game cube or the Wii . You will not be disappointed.A special thanks to all who made Twilight Princess possible . Thank you for all of your efforts.Now off to play again !
 -LRB- This is written by a female 14 year old who is too lazy to get an account -RRB- This is a very good zelda game ! The graphics are MUCH better than any of the old zelda games . Many of the cut scenes show beautiful landscapes . They make epona look really nice in this game too . The only problem I have ran into so far is the fishing . -LRB- I was horrid at fishing on the other zelda games so this was not a problem for me . -RRB- The children in this game are very funny , as the charater that replaces your faerie . For any video game fan , this is a very good game to buy no matter what anybody says . No game is fun if you keep compairing it to the other zelda games beacuse that makes you look for problems . It is much more fun if you just play it through and have a good time .
 My son has really taken a liking to the Zelda games , so when I went searching for Christmas presents , I was happy to see a new chapter out.The game arrived and I was a bit dismayed to see a T on the cover , for a teen rating . You see , my son is 6 . We decided to have a look.The graphics are amazing , much of the dialog is pretty hokey , and the game is full of the same tunes as the others -LRB- with a few twists -RRB- ; even the monsters are sort of familiar , so the fear we had about a bloody , gory game have , so far , been laid to rest . Link as a blue-eyed beast was different , but interesting.Should my feelings about the game change , I 'll edit this review , but as of now , I 've been comfortable with it . We also have n't experienced much frustration so far in figuring things out , as the townsfolk and magical creatures are very helpful.Just a little addendum
 Loved it . Fell short of Ocarina of Time -LRB- which has ruined me for all other Zelda games -RRB- , but I still loved it.Just a few things I really liked : Epona looks fantastic and the animation is just right . I was a tad bit worried about how Epona would carry over , but she ended up being an improvement over the original . Link can finally use his sword while riding , so that 's a super plus.The graphics . Nintendo has always been known for using the Zelda titles to push their hardware to the max , and this is no exception . They surprised the heck outta me , even for a Gamecube title . Link has gotten a huge update and looks gorgeous , but he 's still the same fairy-boy you know and love . The environments are almost life-like - attention to detail is phenomenal.Sound is pretty much the same to me . Link is still silent , and I actually prefer it that way as I think a voice would ruin him.The sound effects have almost all been updated , but the entire scheme still sounds very similiar to OOT.There is one new addition , however , and that is Midna . She is the only fully voiced character in the game - speaking a fictional language.Controls are still the same old same old , and they fit perfectly . Link still does n't jump -LRB- which is fine -RRB- , and rolling is still a bit faster than running.The Story . A good one , to be sure , and there is plenty to it . Again , they have expanded on the Dark World/Light World scenario which has proven to be tried and true . In the Dark World -LRB- Twilight -RRB- , Link assumes the form of a wolf . In the Light World , Link assumes the form of the Hero of Time.It 's all very similiar to LTTP - complete with an object that allows Link to remain Hylian in the Dark World , and a mirror that allows travel between the two Worlds.The cinematics . They looked good , and there were more of them than in past games . There also seems to be an added element of drama that was n't there in the past.What I did n't like : The music in this game was n't all that great to me . All the past games have had several catchy or memorable tunes , and this one is really lacking in that . The only theme I enjoyed was the Kakariko theme , and I think I despised the Overworld theme . There are some returning OOT and LTTP themes , and they sound good , but the rest are average.Epona 's movement while using the bow . She still runs straight in first-person view . I do n't think it would have been that hard to give the player use of a thumbstick here . -LRB- Edit
 Zelda games are released so rarely that I await each release with a certain amount of anxiety , wondering if Nintendo has again managed to craft an experience worthy of the Zelda namesake ; is the magic of Hyrule still there , or has it run dry ? Fortunately , Zelda
 Actually , it comes out on the 12th . Most new released dates are Tuesday hence `` hot release Tuesday '' at stores like Walmart . Anyway , I would n't buy it for 80 $ when I could buy it for half the price and make sure I get what I wanted . There is no way the seller 's have the real thing unless they are just planning on selling it and then running to Walmart the day it comes out and will ship it on that day instead ! This will be an amazing game way worth the wait but make sure you buy it from a credible source .
 When game consoles transitioned from offering primarily 2D games to polygonal 3D games about 10 years ago , all of the tricks and gameplay ideas that developers had been relying on for years flew right out the window . During this time , Nintendo quickly found its footing and released masterful takes on its old franchises that retained the fun and feeling of the older games while properly updating them in exciting and impressive new ways . 1998 's The Legend of Zelda
 This game was totally awesome ! I heard it was much more fun and challenging on the Wii , but if you 're like me and you do n't have a Wii , you can still have loads of fun with this game . It was actually supposed to be released on the Gamecube , but they pushed it back so the Wii could get in on the total greatness of Twilight Princess . In my opinion , this game was better than Windwaker , but many argue that the large size of Hyrule Field is equivalent to the Ocean in Windwaker ; that is , there is a lot of travel time in this game . A LOT . Although the twilight world is not much of an innovation in the Zelda series , Link 's Wolf Form definitely adds a new approach to the overall gameplay of Twilight Princess . If you like any of the Zelda series , I strongly recommend you buy this title , either for the Gamecube or Wii , because it is definitely worth it !
 I 'm still not finished with this game , but that 's not always a bad thing . This game is very well done , and worth the year of delays it took to get here . I honestly wish they would have finally told us what Link sounds like when he talks , but you 're probably not getting this game for voice work . If you like the Zelda series , there 's no question about how much you 'll enjoy this . If you 're not a fan , there 's never a better time than the present .
 Due to time issues , I no longer am able to get a game when it first comes out anymore , nor am I able to play it in one sitting for as long as I would like . Because of this , I was very late in getting the new installment in the legendary Zelda series . I was even contemplating if I would have time to go through it knowing how long Zelda games could be . I am glad I decided to get this game for the Game Cube as I am pretty impressed with the overall game.The game starts off when link talking to someone while sitting at the bank of a river . It 's a long scene and because of the lack of voice acting you have to read what is being said . This is really the only flaw to this game , but as you progress in the game , its not really that bad . After the opening scene you are finally given control of Link and you are off on your newest Zelda adventure.I really do n't feel like going through the plot of the game , but Zelda vets will know that regardless of the storyline , it 's the same basic concept ; find items , heart pieces and other things that will help your quest in addition exploring dungeons and defeating the dungeon boss etc. etc. . An interstig twist in this game is that now you are able to now turn into a wolf , I was n't really a big fan of this , because I felt it slowed the game down , but that is just my opinion , its not too bad when I think about it and I guess it was just something I had to get used to.I am really impressed with the graphics on this game , even with only the standard yellow Video cable . At first the game seemed a little blurry graphics wise , and obviously not as good as my X360 's graphics , but a few adjustments to my TV display and the game looks VERY good . I was thinking about getting the HD cable for my Game Cube , but for some reason Nintendo no longer sell it , and people on Ebay are taking advantage of this by gouging the price -LRB- $ 50 + -RRB- . I would like the HD cable , but no way I 'm paying that much for it , so I will settle for the standard video cable for now as the graphics are still pretty good.The sound is also good as well . Some tunes are very familiar if you are a vet of the series and others are new . One good thing about the BGM is that it seems to match the environment you are in . The music at Lake Hylia actually sounds like `` lake music '' and the music played in Hyrule field sounds like someone walking alone through a vast field in the middle of the day with the sun shining in the distance . This is not a big surprise because games like Zelda and Metroid have always had great musical soundtracks . The sound of the enemies is also done pretty well , with a small complaint being that the roaring and ground stomping could have a little bit more bass.As I said in my title , the game is a VERY slow starter . So slow in fact that after I defeated the first dungeon , I did n't play the game for a few weeks because it was quite tedious to me . But I finally came back , and after I dealt with a little more tediousness , the game is finally starting open up ; now I play it everyday when time allows . In fact it 's the only game I play right now , other than PGR3 and NBA2K7 on the Xbox 360 . Because the game is so vast with quite a few side quests , it 's very easy to get overwhelmed with what you really have to do . But your guide does a pretty good job in leading to what you have to do . However you are still on your own when it comes to finding heart pieces , golden bugs and Poe spirits . The only help you get in this department is a fortune teller that you eventually meet in the game , can give you some clue on where to find a heart piece for only 10 rupees . The key to finding hidden items in Zelda is to observe EVERYTHING , pay particular attention to things that look out of place and you should do fine in this department.This game also has some pretty fun puzzles that will tease your brain . And unlike Metroid Prime 2 which went WAY overboard with the puzzles , this game has the perfect blend of puzzles that flow along nicely with the game instead of frustrating you to no end . My favorite puzzle so far is the one you have to do in order to get the Master Sword . Sure you can look online for the solution , but its much more rewarding solving it yourself instead of taking the easy way out . I solved it on my own as well as all the other puzzles in this game , and it 's a very rewarding feeling.I 've had this game for about 5 months now , and judging by my number of hearts , I am probably a little over halfway done . I quite satisfied with the game , and it 's my first Zelda game since Ocarina of Time on the N64 . I was planning on getting Majora 's Mask , but never got around to it , and I really did not want to be disappointed comparing it to the greatness of OoT . Also , even though people were saying how good Wind Waker was , I could n't get over the cartoony graphics , and by the time I was thinking about getting WW , Twilight Princess was about to come out anyway . While I still think Ocarina of Time is arguably the best Zelda game I 've played , Twilight Princess is still a very good game , definitely worth a run through for Zelda vets and new comers alike .
 I probably have the same things to say about the game as anyone else that enjoyed it , but I 'll write a review anyway . I 'm sure I 'll be playing this game just for fun for a long time . I actually wish it would n't end ! The presentation and graphics are great , and the story draws you in without there being too many movie-like scenes . The only thing negative I would say for some people is that the bosses will be pretty easy . But personally I think the dungeon areas are challenging enough for the first time playing . So overall , I do n't know about most people , but I feel that I got my money 's worth . So go buy it and have fun !
 I 'm -LRB- not -RRB- sorry , but Gears of War simply can not compete with this , and yes , I have played both games , and yes , I am biased , but who is n't ? The graphics were simply breathtaking , especially the ending battle sequences . Twilight Princess played like a Peter Jackson film , and the main quest took me over 90 hours to complete . The dungeons are very difficult.But I warn you that this Zelda is different from the rest . The opening title screen has a lord of the rings-like chorus in the background , which was beautiful too . Enemies -LRB- and Link for all that -RRB- bleed slightly when hit . The ending battles were surprisingly frightning and violent , when compared to previous Zeldas . Some of the enemies in the 4th dungeon were a bit disturbing . I however LOVE these changes made to the Zelda franchise . Zelda 's just too good to be a cartoony game like , say , Wind Waker ? 5 out of 5 stars . There is also a new Zelda coming out for the Wii , I hope it follows in Twilight Princess 's footsteps .
 This game is amazing . - = Graphics = - = Jameson Thottam = This is the by far weakest part of the game . One can easily see it is also being released on gamecube.Some of the character textures are more detailed in the Wii version , but mostly you 're looking at a GameCube game here.OTOH , the graphics are atmospheric , and stylish . * 5/10 * - = Sound = - = Jameson Thottam = Quite good . Much of the music is very nice , the songs are a bit weird -LRB- since you howl most of them , but not spoiling more -RRB- . A very fun thing though is that some sounds actually come from the speaker in the WiiRemote , creating the illusion of for example the arrow actually travelling into the distance , soundwise . * 9/10 * - = Gameplay = - = Jameson Thottam = I ca n't find words for it . Sorry , really ca n't . It 's just ... amazing . Even after all those Zeldas . New items , new types of bosses , new ideas , and Zelda , Zelda , Zelda.And Midna - while I do n't wan na spoil anything , this cute little character alone would make me love the game . She 's awesome . * 10.5 / 10 * -LRB- yes ! -RRB- = Jameson Thottam = Overall
 I am one of the dedicated Zelda fans out there and believe it or not , I have played almost all Zelda games and finished it at least once , including `` Legend of Zelda
 I have been waiting for this game for years.I am not old school . The first Zelda game I played and loved was ` Ocarina of Time ' . ` Ocarina ' was one of those gaming experiences where everything seems perfect from beginning to end . I played it through countless times , and never tired of the experience . ` Majora 's Mask ' , though not quite as powerful an experience as ` Ocarina ' , was still an entertaining game that introduced several interesting mechanics . And then came ` Wind Waker ' . Though a creative effort , the stylistic change in the graphics and story were dissapointing . The Legend of Zelda was made childish , its nobility diminished under the bright , cel-shaded colors of Link 's new Looney Toons world.And now we have ` Twilight Princess . ' THIS is the true sequel to ` Ocarina of Time ' . Twilight Princess incorporates everything good about ` Ocarina ' and much more . The graphics are incredible . The world is immense and multi-layered . The gameplay is fantastic . The story is more mature than any other Zelda game before it . Riding Epona is incredibly fun . Fighting as the Sacred Wolf is equally fun . The bosses are gigantic , though not as challenging as might be liked . There are a lot of cool new items . The Double Hookshot , Ball and Chain , Lantern , and Spinner to name a few . Did I mention that the graphics are spectacular?The Gamecube goes out with a flame of glory . Looking forward to see what the Wii has in store for our green-garbed hero .
 The new Zelda game is the last one for the Gamecube . Lucky for me , as I did n't have to buy a Wii to play it and there does not appear to be much visual difference between the two versions . Whichever version you play , it 's another outing for Link as the Kingdom of Hyrule is yet again under threat from an evil tyrant . Now , Twilight Princess could well be the best one since Ocarina of Time but it is very fortunate that the Zelda series is held in such high regard among gaming fans , because how many other games could get away with simply re-making the classic format in each new edition , albeit in a shiny new adventure ? So if you have played Ocarina or time or Wind Waker or any of the older games , you 'll know the story before it even begins . If you do n't , the plot is as follows
 This has to be the best Zelda game from the series . It just keeps on getting better and better . I 'm happy that Nintendo decided to let this come out on game cube as well , otherwise I would n't have spent $ $ $ on the overpriced Wii system . The only thing that I had to complain about is the beginning . It felt so much like the past Zelda -LRB- for Nintendo 64 -RRB- for the fist few chapters but that quickly faded after I progress more into the game . Ca n't wait for another one to come out .
 I 'm not terribly experienced when it comes to Zelda games . I first bought a link to the past and I thought it was okay , and when I saw this game getting some good reviews I figured I might as well ask for it for Christmas . Wow . This game is amazing ! The world that these programmers have created is the stuff of near reality . They even have the occasional day and night transitions in the game.But more to the point , I highly reccomend this game . The graphics are incredible ! The controls seem to be a little complex at first -LRB- i.e. Push L down then press assigned button for arrow shot -RRB- , but they 're actually quite easy to do once you get the hang of it . Item usage can be a little bit annoying but I belive the programmers have done the best they could with the limited options the Gamecube controllers have . Basically you go to an items menu and select an item and assign it a button -LRB- either X or Y. -RRB- Because of this , you can only have two items at once . This does n't include the sword and the sheild available for Link , which can be used through B -LRB- for sword -RRB- and L -LRB- for shield -RRB- . As usual , A allows you to talk to people and interact with the enviroment around you . The controls for wolf Link are pretty much the same , only instead of items you can dig and use the `` wolf sense '' . I personally much prefer to use regular Link over wolf Link , but they 're both fine.The story mode can take a little bit of time to actually warm up . You spend about an hour doing mundane tasks such as herding rams and finding the store owner 's cat . Although it does get you used to the controls of the game , it can take a little while to get through . Things really start to get interesting when some of the children are kidnapped by -LRB- supposedly -RRB- mischevious primapes . However , you soon discover that strange troll like creatures are behind their dissapearances , and you must fight your way through the forest with your wooden sword -LRB- you get the metal one later -RRB- and rescue the kids.After you make it back to the village with Epona -LRB- your horse -RRB- , Illia -LRB- the mayors daughter -RRB- upon seeing an injury Epona no doubt recieved from one of the monsters , steals him away from you believing that Link has caused the injury . After tracking her down and talking to her explaining what happened , Illia agrees to give Epona back . This is when things start to get good.Just as Illia is about to give Epona back , a giant boar comes crashing through the woods with a large green troll sitting on his back . The boar knocks Link to the ground semi-concious . The troll takes kidnaps Illia and takes her away . The only reason the troll does n't take you as well is because he ca n't see you on the ground over the bulk of the boar -LRB- a little far fetched but it suits as an excuse . -RRB- After waking up you quickly race after her to discover a wall of darkness where the entrance to the forest used to be . Suddenly you 're sucked through the wall and come out the other side.On the other side you come out a wolf . You faint almost instantly and are transported to the dungeon of -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- Hyrule Castle , the capital of the world . A strange being calling herself Midna offers to help and helps you escape , leading you around the castle until you reach Princess Zelda . It 's then revealed the she is responsible for the dark world , known as the Twilight , that you have entered . It 's now your job to free the land of Twilight and find the missing children before darkness permanently sweeps over the land.The 3-D world they 've created is amazing . They take full advatage of the 3-D perspective from the sweeping landscapes to the point where you can even walk on walls . The graphics are some of the best I 've ever seen on Gamecube . The dungeons are challenging , but not too challenging , and the bosses are always exciting to battle . I would reccomend this game for anyone that 's not new to video games . if you are , you might want to try something else first . Even so , if you own a Gamecube , this is a defenite . Of course , I 'm not sure if anyone actually owns a Gamecube and not a Wii anymore . If you really want this game , get it for the Wii . If you do n't have a Wii , then do n't go out and buy one just for this game . Buy one because your peers make you.Summary : Good : - Solid plot-Great graphics-Good soundtrack-Immense world-Good gameplay-Long gameplay -LRB- I heard someone say at least 60 hours ! -RRB- Bad : - No voice acting-Occasional glitch -LRB- I was once running along a bridge when I suddenly fell off , but instead of falling I was standing in mid-air -RRB- Overall
 Just finished the game . Had to order a new controller before I could play the game . Had played my sons game a long time ago . It was fun and worked like a new one .
 I had already played this game when it came out back in 2006 , love it , it 's nice to play it again . It 's different than any other Zelda it 's just awesome , I would recommend this game to anyone who loves Zelda and to those who do n't , just play it it 's awesome !
 great game for its time . the wind waker is my favorite but i consider the twilight princess better . i strongly advise playing this game .
 This game is Merely incredible . Words can not describe my love for this game . I played and beat this game once before because I borrowed it from a friend . And I have not played this game in a few years . So I decided to buy it . Seriously one of the best purchases I 've made . I am a huge Legend of Zelda fan ... and have played many Zelda games . Although this in my opinion is the best game next to Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask . I have not played Skyward Sword yet ... Anyways this game is great for anyone . Zelda fan or not a Zelda fan . This game has everything a game should possibly have . So I will rate this game based off of every category I can think of .1 . Gameplay
 This Zelda review is on again another game in the series that I own and in this case it is Twilight Princess . I remember my friend Scott Erickson who highly recommended this game so I took it home and tried it out and I immediately was immersed into the game . I fell in love with it . This game is by far one of the best Legend of Zelda games I have ever played . What I was very happy about was this game was originally made for Gamecube . So lets get back my playing experience , Here is my ratings for the game which include graphics , storyline , side quests : Graphics 5/5 starsStoryline 5/5 starsSide Quests :4 / 5 StarsThe side-quest for the Poe souls was probably the hardest side quest ever . Because what I find difficult about the Poe Souls is a. -RRB- there locations b. -RRB- Knowing when you got them and not going back to the same location twice when I was already there.So yeah that 's why I took one star off for that particular side quest because the locations for all the Poe souls can be confusing and I kind of wish that Nintendo would have lessened the amount of Poe souls and dropped it down to like 30 or 40 . 60 is way too many for me to handle . But otherwise I love the darker atmosphere the bosses , the storyline graphics and my favorite part of the game is the Master Sword . I love they included that sword in this game just like they did in Wind Waker . I love this game and I highly recommended die heart Gamecube fan .
 I was thoroughly happy with the game-play and story-line . I 'm a little frustrated with the jump in difficulty relative to the older games , but other than a bit of a learning curve , its a great game that I 'd recommend to all Zelda fans and RPG gamers alike . I 'm very happy with the game and would give it a solid 9/10 personally .
 I bought The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess in Used - Very Good condition by E 's Novelties and I am very happy with my purchase ! It came on time , case is in very good condition , manual is in pristeen condition , and disc is lightly scratched but is to be expected . But as for its working condition no problems at all . I bought this game because it sounded interesting and having had almost no experience with Zelda games before but watched others play it I had to check it out . I love this game I 've been playing it nearly non-stop . I like the mix of puzzles to figure out as well as plenty of bad guys to fight and unique challenges in defeating foes or just trying to complete a mission . I also like this game in particular because there are some unique features that make it even more fun and interesting , such as riding your horse which you can name , turning into a wolf at different points in the game witch give you a whole new set of moves and abilities and not to mention a new perspective of game play and how is that not just really awesome ? Also graphics are very cool and it 's challenging but not so difficult that you ca n't eventually figure out what to do . I 'm not very good at puzzles but I 've gotten them after a while of thinking and searching . The booklet gives you tips and tells you controls and info about items . So what are you waiting for find this game you 'll really enjoy it !
 This is my second-favorite Zelda game of all time , losing only to Ocarina of Time ! This is a great game , really great . Love the story , love the music , love the characters , love the graphics . Midna starts out annoying and bossy but she develops into a great character . Playing as Wolf Link is fun . Love the moody-dark parts of the story and the happy-yay parts . It 's just a great game ... GET IT ! - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 I have played this game over and over , each time I play it , I view it diffeently , and each time I learn something new . I learn different tricks and notice things I did n't the first time . The bosses are big and creepy , and the dungeons are hard , but this is one of the best Zelda games I have EVER played . I have always loved the Zelda series , and have been faithful to them . I recomemnd this game to ANY Zelda lover . You have two main bosses at the end , there is ZANT and last but not least , GANNONDORF . You will be wisked away into Hyrule once again . Hyrule Field is immense and the world itself is a living and breathing world . You will just love it . !!!
 This is one of the best zeldas I have ever played . I hope that they do a sequel to it and it will be just as good . The artistic style in this one is the best in the series .
 Great game one of the best games on the cube . Its long and never gets boring or repetitive , the world is huge -LRB- bigger then wind waker I believe -RRB- and the story is always on pace and its easy to follow . Playing as a wolf is cool but playing as Link is better of course . Graphics get the job done the characters are much more detailed then any LOZ game before it . Its everything you wanted in a LOZ game , its darker then wind waker -LRB- due to the complaints -RRB- its a bigger playing field , and the story is much more compelling in my opinion .
 Love my purchase , love the speed of delivery around christmas , love the game andcondition of the game ! we are still shopping with Ya 'll ! thanks for everything !!
 This game was a gift to my boyfriend . The day he got it he could n't stop playing it , he said it was amazing.I tried to play it and it seemed very fun.I would recommend it to any gamer .
 Ordered sunday night got it by friday . Packaged very well and game was in great shape and no scratches . Thanks !
 i 've been a zelda fan since before i could walk . i would sit and watch my aunt play for hours and when i was old enough to play i was instantly hooked on link to the past . Ocarina of time was one of the high points for series along with wind waker even if wind waker was a strange departure in both art style and storyline . Twilight Princess does n't attempt to do anything differently it reminded me instantly of ocarina of time . From the locations -LRB- you revisit some of the temples from oot -RRB- . I highly recommend this game i found the gamecube version more enjoyable but the wii version is n't bad either . Fans of the series are sure to love this and newcomers can find things to enjoy as well . Ca n't wait for skyward sword !
 I LOVE THIS GAME had it for game cube but know for WII love it got it 2 days ago and i already on the part with the 4 mirror shards now i have tp defeat ZANT bum bum bummm ! love it
 I 'm not accustomed to the Legend of Zelda franchise and in fact Twilight Princess has been my first game from this franchise , but let me tell you I found this game to be an immense pleasure . Twilight Princess really makes you think and while it 's not to challenging , it 's not too easy either . There are many times when I was in a dungeon and really confused just saying `` huh '' and then when I found out the puzzle I would go `` duh ! '' In fact Twilight Princess took me over sixty hours to complete ... and I still have n't gotten everything . This game is easily one of my favorite games ever , but why not I give you my reasons why I love it so much , and if you disagree ... hey it 's my opinion.One high point to Twilight Princess was the story , I had never been so interested in a video game storyline , and I never got sick of the long cut scenes , in fact I eagerly awaited them to see what would happen next . Twilight Princess begins in Ordon Village as Link helps at the ranch herding goats , but when the village children are kidnapped by a group of monsters Link pursues the attackers and gets trapped in Midna 's -LRB- a member of the Twili -RRB- affairs in the Twilight.I especially liked the characters , but Link 's not my favorite , in fact Midna was . Midna is the kind of character that could have been really and I truly mean REALLY annoying , but she has this quality that makes you like her . And she really balances out the serious tone of Link , there are also many other characters that can provide a laugh or that you may help in a side mission . But a few missions I still have n't finished , the Poe souls can be a really big hassle to collect because there are so many and some only come out at night , it takes way to long and gets tiresome . But some were pretty fun like fixing the bridge by Hyrule Castle.But the most important part of any video game is the gameplay , in Twilight Princess you get plenty of this . Hyrule Field is huge and it takes over six minutes to go across and that 's while riding Epona , and another plus is that the scenery changes , and seeing the sunset while you cross the bridge of Eldin is awesome . And the dungeons are numerous and all unique , there is an old damaged house covered with ice and snow , a dungeon scorched with lava in the Goron mines , and so on . But I was disappointed with Castle Town , there is n't much to do or many people to talk to and it just feels so limited . But most of the time you are pretty much on your own and free to mess around . The reason I love playing this game is because you have to be very observant of your surroundings . Once when I was in Hyrule Field I noticed a ledge I could Claw Shot to , and there was a cave , inside the cave was a heart piece but I would have never found it if I was n't exploring . To me games without a set path are so much fun but it comes with some pretty hard challenges . I played the game without a guide and it can be pretty challenging , so if you 're planning on collecting all the bugs , Poe souls and every heart piece you definitely need a guide . I especially loved Riding Epona in Twilight Princess , first of all Hyrule Field would take forever to explore by foot , and riding Epona is so much fun , the controls are very fluid and that makes riding around a blast.Another huge aspect of gameplay is Link ... transformed into wolf form . Playing as wolf Link is definitely not as fun as being human Link but I absolutely loved using the sense button , -LRB- pressing the sense button lets you see hidden objects underground and Poe 's and other objects -RRB- but I will admit , later in the game you have the option of transforming from human Link to wolf Link whenever you want , and I never chose to be wolf Link unless it was absolutely nessecary . But I 'm not saying being wolf Link is boring , it can be pretty fun sometimes , and it 's in interesting part of the game 's gameplay.The graphics are fantastic in Twilight Princess , I love the detail put into Link 's clothing , the villages and the landscapes were all so much fun to see . And Epona has realistic movements as well , it 's also really awesome crossing the bridge of Eldin at sunset and looking at the sun set behind Hyrule Castle , elements like these make gameplay twice as fun . But sometimes I got a little sick of being in the Twilight , the backgrounds are all faded and murky and it kind of takes away from the landscapes that were impressively designed . But overall it 's fantastic , I also liked the detailed creatures , sometimes it can actually be freaky being chased by the huge boars in Hyrule Field because of the well detailed design . But like I said cross the bridge of Eldin and you 'll see what I mean.Twilight Princess also has some nice music here and there while I did n't enjoy the music while in the Twilight realm . But a few particular tracks stood out to me , like Midna 's Lament , Gerudo Desert , of course the Hyrule Field Theme and one of my favorite locations is without any music . When you 're on the outside of Hyrule Castle all you hear is rain pouring down on the cement path and it really works . And while I agree with others it would have been great to hear Twilight Princess orchestrated the music still is fantastic compared to some other games I 've played.Now there is a choice , which console should you get Twilight Princess on , the GameCube or the Wii ? If you own the Wii you may want to get it on that since many say the graphics are slightly improved and targeting is much better , but most people looking at the GameCube version probably do n't have a Wii but I just wanted to say , the experience is still very satisfying either console you get Twilight Princess on . With that said I will conclude with this thought , this may be my first experience with the Zelda franchise but it definitely wo n't be my last . Twilight Princess is highly recommended .
 The Game and the memory card I ordered -LRB- same seller -RRB- did quick shipping but the memory card came in a plastic bag ... but it seems to work . The Game came still rapped in it 's original plastic . All in all it was a quick and timely service with good quality .
 This is a fantastic game . One of my favorites . You 're taken through so many worlds and there is so much to do . And Midna -LRB- Link 's side kick -RRB- is a great character . Do n't miss this game .
 It was in good condition when I got it , except it did n't have a game manual in it . Overall the game was pretty cool .
 Once again , Shigeru Miyamoto blows the gaming world open with one of Nintendo 's most cherished franchises . Twilight Princess , the newest installment of The Legend of Zelda series , is fun , engrossing , and a must have games on the Gamecube.Having only played the Gamecube version , I can only make comments on this version . Despite the lack of the Wii 's controls , the GC version is still a great game . As always , the game starts off with Link , this time as a young ranch hand in the southern town of Ordon . Link 's life is going just fine until he is asked to take Ordon 's annual tribute to the royal family . During his preparations for the trip , Ordon is covered by a bizzare entity called the Twilight , an alternate dimension to the light-filled Hyrule . As you can imagine , Hyrule is plunged into darkness , where the inhabitants are turned into mere specters as shadow beast terrorize the area . Link is dragged into the twilight himself , but instead of turning into a spirit , the Triforce of Courage turns him into a wolf . He is soon joined by Midna , a Twili and inhabitant of the Twilight , who offers Link a chance to get rid of the Twilight in exchange for helping her get rid of Zant , the King of Twilight , who is responsible for invading Hyrule.In terms of game play , the game is still primarily focused on puzzles and thinking instead of hacking and slashing , and TP is astoundingly fun with this , especially after you gain the ability to change back in forth from wolf to human . Wolf Link has a superior sense of smell , can dig holes to look for treasure , can attack enemies , talk to animals , and instead of having a musical instrument , wolf Link howls . Human Link has his entire repertoire of weapons , including the bow , bombs , the Hookshot , ect . The concept of switching back and forth is used brilliantly in the later dungeons , where you may need the wolf 's senses to track someone through the temple and then switch back to solve a puzzle only human Link can do . Other game play aspects I adored was that you get Epona right off the bat instead of half-way through the game , which great considering the massive Hyrule field , and the Zora Armor , which allows Link to swim effortlessly -LRB- instead of the Iron Boots/Zora tunic combo from OoT 's Water Temple -RRB- . Alas , I do have a few problems with the story . TP 's biggest problem is not internal but external , namely , living up to legend of Ocarina of Time . Without revealing too much , let 's just say that I had flashbacks playing the first half of the game , which was to gain three powerful artifacts from the Forest , Fire , and Water Temples . And while I loved the departure from the standard Zelda-Link-Ganondorf triangle , I still had the nagging feeling in the back of my mind that I had played some of the dungeons before . Also keeping with tradition , music is a part of the game , and Wolf Link howls many a familiar tune in order to open paths in the Sacred Grove and Hyrule Castle , and also to summon perhaps the game 's coolest new feature , a sword master who will teach Link six new sword moves , which are all streamlessly integrated with the fighting system and are incredibly satisfying to execute.In terms of graphics , the series has never looked better and is perhaps one of the greatest looking games on the Cube . Everything is beautiful , although they do n't compare to the graphics put out by the PS2 on such games as God of War and Final Fantasy 12 . However , it 's still great to see the better , realistic graphics after Ocarina 's dated graphics and Wind Waker 's cel-shaded . Overall , TP is the Gamecube 's last hurrah , which is does as brilliantly and beautifully as only a Zelda game can . There 's very little I can find wrong with the game , and most importantly , I had a lot of fun playing it . I 'd recommend it to any Zelda fan , or anyone just looking for a good game .
 Incredible gameplay with a huge interactive environment . There are plenty of new items , characters , and story elements with still enough to connect with prior episodes in the series . While the worlds of Hyrule and the Twilight Kingdom are expansive , you do not have to spend most of the game getting from one place to the other as in Wind Waker . This game is highly recommended from somone who has played every game in the series since it began !
 This is Randy 's son , Steve.I loved this game . I 've already beat it twice , and I 'm working on lucky number 3 , lol . No , I do have a life , I 've just had the game for a while . Although there were a few things I were n't too happy with , but I 'll get to those in a second.First , the good things . I did like the fact that you were able to change into a wolf whenever you wanted to , and in order to do that , you needed to earn it by beating the first three dungeons . Until that , you could only be Wolf Link only when you had to . Also , in previous Zelda games , I hated how you had to search for Triforce peaces , and you had no idea where to go . In this game , you do have to search for a few things later in the game , but they tell you where they are . You just had to solve the puzzle when you get there . The graphics were great for a Gamecube game . I loved the story line . One of the best in the series.Now , the bad stuff . To begin , they still did n't put in voices for the characters . If they did it for Final Fantasy , they should do it for Zelda . The beginning stunk , but once you encounter the first villains , it starts to pick up . Also , the game was way too easy . They should have put in different difficulty modes.So , all in all , I did enjoy the game , with a few flaws . I 'm expecting more from the series as good as , or better , as this game .
 There is a lot to say about this game if you have the rubies . The game is pretty much like any other Zelda game . You use chickens to fly , you search for things , you find out secrets so that the bosses will be easy to beat , and of course , there is Zelda . For those of us who remember the cartoon Fridays when Zelda was presented , evil Link is there too . The Legend of Zelda is an interactive novel with many lessons of duty and of love . Many of your adventures will bring back memories as you solve new puzzles for months . Still , beware , do not become so addicted that you do not do your homework , and you will end up with a battle with `` Ganon '' sooner than you hoped . This game ought to be played for several months to feel the thrills of completion .
 This game is super cool . For some reason , whenever you play a Legend of Zelda game , no matter how frusterated you get or tired or whatever , you just ca n't seem to put it down . This is no exception . It was my first Legend of Zelda game and made me want to buy anything ever having to do with the series . Plus the graphics are the best I have EVER seen on the ` Cube . Must buy .
 I 've been a fan of `` The Legend of Zelda '' series since I played Ocarina of Time , -LRB- Look at my pen name for crying out loud ! -RRB- but since then , I 've had the problem of comparing all Zelda games to it . Let 's face it , Ocarina of Time set a standard for Zelda games that 's not yet been surpassed . Wind Waker was a master piece of creativity & imagination , but it lacked the epic feeling of Ocarina Of Time & Majora 's Mask . But Nintendo really hit their mark with this one ! They combined all of the best aspects of Ocarina of Time , Majora 's mask , & Wind Waker to make a truely unique and fresh feeling adventure . It 's got amazing graphics , a great new -LRB- darker -RRB- story , wonderful new charecters , and an all new feel all it 's own.I paid 49 dollars & 99 cents for my purchase of this game , and although I would have liked it to be cheaper , I dont regret buying it at all ... In my opinion , it was worth every penny.Pros : A brand new Zelda adventure , taking the breath-taking visuals , beautiful landscapes , and mystical feeling of Ocarina of Time , combined them with the ability to trasform in order to solve puzzles , gain new abilities , defeat enemies , and overcome obsticles from Majora 's mask with the fluid game play , unique charecter designs/personalities , and inspired sword fighting machanics from Wind Waker to form a truely epic adventure and another chapter in the ongoing Legend of Zelda series!Cons : I only have 2 major complains about this game ... # 1 , No voice acting or spoken dialogue of any kind ! -LRB- Unless you count Midna 's chattering -RRB- & # 2 , this game was originally going to be called `` The Legend of Zelda
 This game is great ! You can change into a wolf at will -LRB- eventually -RRB- and you have all sorts of cool equipment . The plot is one of the best I 've ever expierienced , better than any book or movie that I 've ever seen . The graphics are astounding ! You can make out every feature of the characters ' faces . The wolf mode is amazing with all sorts of lupine abilities . You can run as fast as your horse , dig holes , and follow scent trails . It 's not one of those namby-pamby easy games that you can beat in a day . Nor is it one of those impossible games that you just give up on.It 's just right . It is n't one of those games where you sit with the controller in your lap going , `` Dddddduuuuuuuhhhhh ... '' either . The puzzles in this game are enough to keep the A + s on your report card at school . Communicating with animals in wolf form is fun too . I always wanted to know what a cat would say ... . Even if you do n't like the main quest , there are plenty of side quests to get your money 's worth and you 're sure to like at least one of those quests ... . Good luck tryng to dispel the twilight if you buy this game -LRB- which happens to be a good idea -RRB- !
 Beautiful graphics , nice music , great gameplay . This game has new elements I loved as well as a touch of previous Zelda games . Definitely a must have for Zelda fans .
 This game is pretty good . It has a long time for gameplay . It is n't too difficult but it is a classic Zelda Game . .
 Like most people I bought Windwaker for Gamecube and found myself a bit disappointed . And it got me questioning if this latest installment of the Zelda series would be better than Windwaker.IT IS !!! This is THE MOST immersive Zelda game since Ocharina of Time !! Just the little details itself make this game in an entire league of it 's own from the other games!Little details like , when Link is riding Epona you can actually see him pulling on the reigns not just sitting there and letting the horse do all the work . There are almost zero glitches when it comes to body parts sinking into walls , as well as the game gives you a sense of time with the constant coming and going of the days ! As well as appropriate music changes for every time of day!There is SO MUCH you can do in Twilight Princess !! You are not limited to following an exact path of where to go ! You can play the game for HOURS trying new things and finding new things within the world without even having to complete a temple ! You can discover caves and new routes through Hyrule field ! Like you could in Majoras Mask and whatnot but the world is so gigantic there is almost unlimited possibilities !! The story line of the game is much like all the others , working your way through different temples getting a little something out of each one to complete your final goal.All the characters like Ganon , princess zelda and a few other characters come back as well as introducing new characters like Minda a nimph-like creature who helps Link throughout his quest . Places from Ocharina of Time are brought back as well , in greater quality and realism , like Hyrule Field , Karakiko Village and other places as well.I have yet to complete the game , i 'm a little less than halfway through but I can tell you this game is worth your money especially for someone who is a fan of the zelda series as well as people who are new to it .
 This game is by far one of the best that I 've played to date . I own all the Zelda games -LRB- save for the ones for CD-i -RRB- and have beaten them all in full . I have found this game to be , so far , the most fun of them all . For some reason it seems that the dungeons are n't as hard as they were in Oracina of Time , but that might just be me . But the dungeons are n't the only fun part of this game . I was engaged during the entire game play . The music is amazing , the cinematics -LRB- what few of them they have because the entire game looks like one -RRB- were beautiful . I ca n't find anything wrong with this game . If you decide to buy this game , for either the Wii or the Gamecube you will most likely think that it 's going by too fast , perhaps that you are nearing the end too quickly , because it seemed like that to me ... Yet it kept going . There is so much length to this game that I am constantly amazed . Areas that I thought were just buildings turning into dungeons and everything being worth it till the end . You 'll love this game , I assure you . I play a lot of games , this one tops them all . You 'll even want to do the silly side-quests that you probably think are n't worth your time . There always seems to be a point to all of it . Never before have I seen a game like this .
 ... I own both the GameCube and the Nintendo Wii version 's so here 's a review from someone who has experienced both . I 1st brought the GameCube version because I have a GC & then I went 2 Target the next day & they had the Wii system so I brought it & brought the system and the Zelda Wii as well . I really did n't notice the difference with the graphics for either version . They both look pretty identical visually which is kind of sad considering Wii is suppose 2 be a new generation console . But then again most ports rarely add anything extra , since this is a GC original title . Anyways I 'm gon na get right to the point I actually enjoyed the GC version better because I could n't catch any FISH with that freaking Wii Nunchuk controller . So I popped in the GC version and I actually passed a few stages including the fishing stage . I knew the regular controller would be so much easier to catch fish then with the new nunchuk controller . While on the Wii version I 'm still freaking stuck on the 1st stage trying 2 catch 2 fish . TRAGIC !!!!!! To sum things up the game is addictive but I prefer the GC version .
 First , I would like to say wow to this game . I have been a follower of the Zelda series for a long time and this is definately one of the best installments of the series . I have been following this game for a year and am very excited to finally get my hands on it . This is probably going to be one of the last `` big '' games for the Gamecube as the Wii comes in and Nintendo is making sure that the GameCube is going out with a bang.The Legend of Zelda
 Amazing story , this game beats ocarina of time ! link have never looked better ! This game is a really good value and a must have in any collection ! Love it since it begins , cool game ! Highly recommended
 This game has everything that one looks for in a Zelda game . It is very fun , the graphics are beautiful , and it 's one of thoes games that you say to yourself `` Okay , I 'm just going to do a little bit more , then I 'm going to stop . '' Then you do that , and you say the same thing again , and again , and again . And before you know it , you 've been playing for 3 hours ! If you liked The Legend of Zelda
 I am absolutely loving this game . When you ride on Epona , you can actually tell that she is running really fast . The landscape I have seen so far is so vast and filled with enemies , that there is no way you would be able to walk on foot across the entire land without Epona . I also love how Midna has her sassy little comments and attitude ; however , I get this strange feeling that deep down in her feelings she really is a good-hearted being . Will I get the Wii version of this game ? Probably not because I do n't own a Wii yet . I may rent the Wii version to try it when I eventually do get a Wii . To sum things up , if you are a Gamecube owner , a die-hard Zelda fan , and do not own a Wii yet , GET THIS GAME !!! You will not be sorry ! Peace be to the world .
 I would give this game 10 stars but this only goes to 5 . Everything about this game is great the graphics , the control and the story.I never thought I would ever find a game that would match Ocarina Of Time but I finally have.Don ' t pass this game up !! This is a must buy !!
 After a very very very long wait , one of the most long anticipated video games of all time was finally released on December -LRB- dont remember the date -RRB- for the Nintendo Gamecube and that my friends is The Legend Of Zelda Twilight Princess . I 'm not going to get into the plot or such and such because half of these reviews will tell it way better then me . So let me to the simple stuff and what nots to give a little closure on how I felt about this awesome yet very delayed game ... put simply . . Twilight Princess is an awesome game that shows that Nintendo has n't got close to being stale on this amazing and most LEGENDARY series of all time . The game boosts what is hands down one of the most beautifully made game ever , seriously if you thought that little purple cube had no life in it anymore think again cause TP boosts some of the best graphics scene on the gamecube since . . RE4 ? The Art style they took was a big leep for Nintendo and has a very more darker artsy look then the last Zelda game -LRB- Wind Waker -RRB- which was one of the best looking games on the cube as well but I prefer this darker , more realistic looking zelda game then the other . From Zoras Domain -LRB- Man the first time I was there in the Twilight World , My jaws dropped to the floor -RRB- to Sky Temple the game is chuckfull of atmospheric details richly desighned to show that Zelda Has changed its look and feel ... but still play EXACTLY the same as the others which sadly gets to my negative pointsAnyone scene God Of War 2 ? ... hate to say this and im no fanboy , no siree but when you see that games trailer you say `` Man they really wanted to top the first one '' by adding so many new things and mechanics/battles/scenery / ect ... This is something I wish Twilight Princess did . Do n't get me wrong I love the game , its visuals , scenery , dark blah whatever you wan na call it ... but it plays just like the other zelda games and I 've just about had it ... I told this to a friend the other day but I was hoping for something along the lines of like `` Link ontop of dragons trying to slay other mini dragons flying and ect '' Yeah I know that sounds a bit much but this game was basically Ocarina of Time with a darker , more realistic look to it . I liked the fact that you can change to a wolf and stuff but as you progress through the game its basically the same pattern -LRB- Do some plot quests . . Twilight Realm as Wolf to do some little fetch quest ... Temple . . rince and repeat . -RRB- I was really sucked into the game but by the time i was on the 6th temple it started to ware off . Also I do n't like the jaggie Lines that the games has -LRB- it shows up from time to time . . usually in an area with all the same colors and ect on the back round -RRB- which is what Wind Waker suffered as well . . but again that still doesnt change the 10/10 graphics the game has . . it just interferes at times . Also did I mention this has some pretty bad music . Nintendo should have just kept the old school zelda tunes weve known and loved -LRB- they do but not alot of it , not to mention they changed the sound about -RRB- . Alright lets get back to good stuffIf you want the same good ol' action adventure fun you had with Ocarina of time then be ready cause this game tops Ocarina with some of its awesome thoughtful Puzzles and Temples . This Particular Zelda Game also features some really memorable Temples like the Ice Temple , Sand Temple ect . One thing to be glad is that the water temple is n't made to frustrate you and put you to full out angry mode like Ocarinas Water Temple . Also did I mention this has some really amazing Boss Battles . Sure there on the easy side -LRB- so was okami but they still proved to be epicly awesome and fun -RRB- but damn does this game feature some really fun and epic bosses that are truly unforgettable -LRB- like the Dragons Boss for example or the `` Shadow of the Colossus '' like Water Temple Boss -RRB- . But sadly the game does also have some very dull Bosses and one in particular really upsetted me which gets me back to a negative pointHOW THE HELL COULD YOU SCREW THIS PART UP NINTENDO ? Ocarina of Time has hands down in my opinion , the Greatest most epic Boss Finale I 've ever played or witness . From the battle itself to the damn scenery , its just flat out epic . TP 's Finale Boss Battle just felt like 4 dumbed down short and easy boss battles with Ganondorf -LRB- I was really upset over the scenery aswell , just did n't have that awesome epic feeling that Ocarina and many other games had -RRB- WHAT A HUGE LET DOWN . This was really disappointing Not to mention they used GANON as the first boss Phase , wth ???! . The Good-One of the looking games on the GC , love the artistic , realistic dark look to it-Controls are tight and responsive as ever-Lots of Things to do which will expand your hours of play time-The Longest Zelda game ever ... or . . yet . . should take a good 30 to beat the main game.-Some really epic Boss Battles-Some Temples are really amazing -LRB- some sadly not -RRB- - Some of the new things added like Being Wolf , Controlling a one eye Twilight Dragon beast in certain parts of the game are fun as well-Midna is KEWLThe Bad-Some Jaggies-Starts to loose its fun and edge near the 6th temple of the game-Worse Zelda game in terms of Music -LRB- man I really disliked the music in this game . . specially the annoying voice to what was acctually a good tune . . and im speaking of the Sky Temple . . which was one of a few that were good ... same with Twilight Temple which was really good too.-Some Bosses stinked ... badly ... Specifically the final boss-I really hated the way this game ended ... It had a `` TILL NEXT TIME '' feeling to it ... Heck the games final cutscene is shorter then any cutscene in the dame game !!! . . What gives..-Gets abit repetitive at parts like the Wolf fetch quests in the Twilight WorldOverall this is a must get game for any cube owners and Zelda fans -LRB- duhhh -RRB- . It may not be the best zelda game in the series but damn is it still good and fun , though its a shame Nintendo could n't have added or make totally new different things -LRB- other then the wolf aspects of the game -RRB- to make the so much more better -LRB- not to mention FIX some things they made in the game -RRB- . But Thats made up of the Amazing atmosphere that the game presents you with ... But what they do add still makes up for half of its flaws ... Overall this is one of the best games to come out in late 06 and should be played by everyone who is a fan of games in generalOverall4 .5 out of 5
 Great game . Most anticipated thing my son -LRB- & husband -RRB- got for Xmas . He played it non-stop until he completed it . My son has always been a Zelda fan ; this game did not disappoint .
 At first I thought this game was going to be an extension of Orcana of Time but once I got to playing this game , I found it to be more intresting than the previous game for N64 . This game play was improved in all the areas that it lacked on the previous Zelda games as far as shooting bow and arrow was to be concerned with the capabilities of auto lock that you could n't get on Orcana of Time . Over all this game is fun and you do get side tracked on the side quests easly so you can make you guy more powerful and rich to make your life easier and knowing how long it takes to beat it was defenitly worth my money .
 This really is the best Legend of Zelda game ever made . If you 're reading this review , and you have NOT played this game before , play this game ! I 'm telling you , you wo n't be sorry .
 Oh my god this game is so good so farI love the gc version better than the wii version . Buy twilight princess if you can
 Great game , it 's definitely a classic . I would highly recommend it to all Zelda fans . The only downside is that the game is n't long enough lol .
 This game is so challenging , but yet easy . The graphic and controls are superb . I would recommend it to everyone .
 One of the greatest Gamecube games ever . This will lead you on a grand adventure to save Hyrule once again from the evil Ganondorf
 When I got the box in the mail , the disc and everything was in absolute perfect condition , and I had a blast playing the entire game !
 Best game ever for gamecube . Big fan of action rpg 's . Clever puzzles smooth graphics even for such an older system .
 This is perhaps the best zelda game ever it has all the stuff youve come to love about zelda and more . The story is epic but i wont say anything to spoil it . The boss fights are epic and the the enemies are great . The levels are well made with alot of variety and the world of hyrule is massive . The graphics are great on the gamecube -LRB- never played it on the wii -RRB- . I got this game back when it came out and i still play it today i just wish the wii u could play gamecube games . The last boss fight have stuff from previous games in it plus it has great music . Sometimes when on the last part like to make the fight drag on for hours its just so much fun .
 i used to own this game a few years back , but it was stolen along with my Wii and other GC and Wii games . having my favorite zelda game back is a great feeling .
 Im a big Zelda fan ! What better way to play Zelda than on the Game Cube ? I give this a 5 star due to the price and delivery time . Recomend this to any one !
 a bad zelda but a good game i would rather have wind waker or skyward but a not bad game overall this is a good game it gets a 9.3 out of 10
 I have n't played the Wii version so I ca n't comment on that.Zelda Twilight ... Once again is the case with all Zelda games ... Perfect control.Gorgeous graphics.The twilight realm is interesting.My few minor gripes are the same as they were with Wind Waker.It 's basically the same game as Ocarina with a few twists to the formula.I really did n't care for playing as the wolf either.And the whole `` save the princess '' storyline is getting a tad stale also.I 'd love it if Zelda would just save herself for once and beat up Link and Ganon for good measure.Chances are ... that wo n't happen.Zelda has basically been the same game since 2000 where Mario continues to reinvent himself ; my beloved Zelda is in major need of an overhaul.That said , if you loved Ocarina , Majora , Wind Waker , then you 'll love this one also.It 's as perfect as a 3D Rpg/action/platformer can be but there in lies its faults.It 's too much of a retread.Still ... if you 're new to Zelda this is the perfect place to start.If you 're a Zelda vet and love the direction that Ocarina started over a decade ago then you 'll like this one.However ... if you 're feeling , like me , that the Zelda series started to stagnate with Wind Waker you might want to rent this one first.It 's a five star title all the way but there 's nothing new being brought to the table worth mentioning.Recommended .
 The graphics and overall game play are fantastic . This game is extremely addictive . I find myself up at all hours of the night and day beating and perfecting my games over and over . In my opinion , Twilight Princess has the best storyline so far . I will never regret this purchase .
 I played the Wii version of this game and it looked beautiful , however this game was created for the Gamecube . Its graphics were no less stunning and I prefer the control scheme on the Gamecube as opposed to the Wii . I ca n't wait to really get into the action . I am pleased that the text and animation sequences that you typically have to deal with in Zelda games has been speed up and not catered to the youth/elderly crowd .
 I got this game like two months ago and i played almost every day and i am still far from the ending , its pritty long game and the graphics are awsome . i never been into zelda games because they are boring to me and cheap , but this one is totaly diffrent from any zelda game out there . You play as link and when you travel to the shadow relm you play as the wolf . When you get further in the game , you get the power to transform into the worlf even when your not in the shadow relm . You can buy bombs , fishing lures , and many other little items . If your a fan of zelda games you will defenatly like this game , and if your not you will be introduced to the best zelda game out there .
 Zeldia Twilight Princess is so much fun . THeir is villance and action and the graphics are great . The only thing I did n't like is that the characters do n't talk so you have to read every thing they say . I think this game is worth the money it is very scary I would highly recomned this game for it is super fun.Apple
 I only started playing Zelda when Ocarina of Time came out . I am waiting for the day that they release all the old games for Nintendo on a modern system . Ocarina of time opened my eyes to this wonderful game . I was a bit disappointed by The wind waker . I read good reviews on twilight princess so I bought it ... WOW ! By far the best video game I have ever played . The story line is great , its really hard , and the side games are out of this world . Everything from snow boarding down Snow Peak mountain , to relaxing fishing . This game is brilliantly thought out and really is a good brain exercise . This is a definate buy for Zelda lovers . I just finished the game yesterday after 110 hours of playing time . Im looking into buying a Nintendo DS to get the hour glass Zelda because this game has started a new obsession .
 Although I have completed only 31/2 of the 9 dungeons of this game , I can say with confidence that this is the best Zelda game , and possibly the best video game , ever . The dungeons are back to their full quota of 9 , and are huge , varied , and extremely well-designed . And there are more non-dungeon activities than there are total activities in many video games
 My son bought this game and game guide with his birthday money . He is having so much fun with this game . Since buying it in July , he has been continually playing it over and over even though he has already completed it once .
 This game is awesome . It is ten -LSB- ... -RSB- the Wind Waker . You 've got your horse again , which is a lot more fun than a boat . The graphics and story line are amazing . I do n't believe it is as deficult as the Wind Waker . You catch on right away , and things get going right away . This could be the best Zelda yet.Jarrett La Clair
 This game is definately what you would expect out of a zelda game . The graphics are great and the gameplay is fun . If you havent played it and youre looking for a good game to get into , you just cant go wrong with zelda . This is a game you would want to buy , its a zelda game , you cant really rent it , it must be owned.It kinda has the ocarina of time feel to it . Maybe its the combination of music , sound effects , and graphics that make you feel like youre playing an actual continuation of the N64 series . Wind Waker was a great game in itself but didnt have that Zelda feel that you saw in the N64 Zelda games . Wind Waker was more of a side note to the series but this game really picks up the slack . I give it a five out of five . Its a great game !
 My grandchildren seem to be having a blast playing the Zelda game . It is nice that it accommodates three players , which is the number of grandchildren I have.Thanks !
 The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
 I have beena zelda fan from the beggining and true to the rest this is another great game !!
 Serving up to or over 70 + hours of gameplay , LOZ : TP is well worth its price . It bares more simularities to Ocarina of Time than any other Zelda titles , but Twilight Princess is much better than Ocarina of Time -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- .
 Fantastic game ... my 11 year old soon loved it , the history of Zelda is fantastic . More than the game graphics or action what is really great is the history and details of the environment where tha action happens .
 Overall the game is really cool ! The game can be boring at times , like when you 're searching for items , b/c the game does n't always do what it 's supposed to do , for instance , when you 're at a place where an item is supposed to be , and you know you 've done it right , but it 's not there . Sometimes the game guide is misleading and is n't as helpful as I would like . I sometimes end up having to do it over again a few times -LRB- just like I did it before -RRB- and then it works , but that can be frustrating at times . The graphics are really good . But one thing that bother 's me throughout the game is that Link never talks , he just mumbles .
 This was my first Zelda game . I was very pleased with this game ! The game environment , the story , game setting , and length of the game was well done ! If you are new to this series , like me , then you will really enjoy it ! There are some annoying RPG elements that wo n't allow me to give it a perfect 10 . So I 'll give it a 9 .
 Great price for a remarkable game that truly has to be experienced by anyone who owns a Gamecube . I thought it might not be all the different from recent Zeldas -LRB- and in some ways it is n't . . -RRB- but for the most part a great value even at 50 dollars .
 Simple one of the best games and as Sean Rhodes said it is a bit of getting use to the variations of using the Wii or going back to the cube but simply just a game to get lost in for hours as many I know do and just another great addition to the Zelda world !
 I have n't yet gone through the entire game yet , but I 've played for quite some time , so I can give an unbiased review , I think . At first I was a little put off by the slow start of this game , the beginning is a lot of video watching , learning the controls , doing pointless little tasks , etc. ... typical RPG stuff . I was however , quite impressed with the graphics , control , and viewpoints . This game is real easy to get the hang of , even for an old schooler like me . Changing the views is easy , and unlike many 3d games , this one seems to have worked all the bugs out of the depth-perception problems that I remember many games for N64 had . Playing as Link is incredible . You can spend countless hours doing side tasks like fishing and collecting bugs just for fun . The sword attacks are simple , and as you progress , you will learn new tactics , which keeps you interested . Playing as the wolf is not as much fun as being Link , but I must say that the programmers did a fantastic job in conveying an incredibly eerie vibe throughout the twilight realm , with the monster noises and the music , it 's all very creepy . The good thing is that you do n't have to be the wolf for too long at a time . I chose to get those parts over as quickly as I could . Being the wolf has it 's advantages though . You can use your `` sense '' feature to follow scent trails , find buried treasures , dig your way to new areas , and listen to spirits . The dungeons are full of mazes and puzzles , and though not always challenging , are a lot of fun . Basically here 's what I think : Like
 This game is very good , well layed out , and best graphics I 've seen on the Gamecube . Yes , the game is chellenging -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm not that far , but what I 've seen is AMAZING ... when your in Hyrule Field it 's crystal clear . You should buy it if you are sick of game you beat in two days , it took my friend ... well he got it for Christmas and beat it the other day ... he played about three hours after schoolso it 's pretty long .
 Waited for Nintendo to get off their butts and release this for years ... and after the wait I can say both my husband and I are pleased . As avid Zelda fans , this was much better than the last few games they have put out - the graphics are good , and take you back to an older feel with the story line.Fun for everyone !
 Like the title says , Zelda is in trouble . Not that this is a bad thing . It means that Link is back . The game is pretty much has the same idea as other 3-D Zelda games . You go into a dungeon , solve a bunch of puzzles , obtain all sorts of equipment , and fight a big boss at the end of each dungeon . Although the gameplay is the same the story is n't . You play as Link , a young goat herder who is adored by all of the people in the village . However , he now has to leave the village with his steed Epona to deliver a gift to the royal family of Hyrule . Maybe he 'll even meet princess Zelda . On the day you have to leave for Castle Town you are spending the day with two of the village kids , Ilia and Colin , when these creatures called bublins appear on massive hogs and knock you out . They then kidnapp all the children in the village . You awaken to find everyone gone . You run down the trail the bublins ran down to find a mysterious black wall blocking your way out of the village . A giant hand comes out of the wall and pulls you through the wall . On the other side is a strange monster . You scream and turn into a wolf . The creature takes you away . You awaken in a prison where you meet a little creature neamed Midna . She says she will help you if you do something for her in return . So begins another Zelda game.Now you are probably thinking you will stay a wolf for the whole game right . Nope , you turn back into a human but I wo n't say how . There are a total of nine dungeons . Each one contains challenging puzzles to solve along with a few enemies to destroy . Once you enter the room with the boss in it do n't get scared . The boss may be big but that does n't mean there is n't an easy way to defeat him that will have you saying `` That 's it ? '' Like always you will obtain all sorts of different equipment that will help you on you quest . There are mini games like fishing and other things . The music is great . There are a lot of tunes that you will probably recognize from other Zelda games . The graphics are amazing . You will not be a dissapointed Zelda fan when you play this game .
 I have been playing this fame for about a month and ca n't seem to put it down . I was never a big video game person , but bought a gamecube on a whim along with this game . I remember playing Zelda on old school Nintendo when I was 9 and remember not wanting to put it down and just wanting to know what happens next - Twilight Princess makes me feel this way all over again . For a video game the graphics are amazing and the storyline is n't half bad . The game is n't super easy or super difficult - it 's just right . I read other reviews that said `` this game is crap - to much like Ocarina of Time . '' I played that game too but this new one totally out-did the old . If you like the Zelda games , and even if you 're not a big video game person , this one is for you .
 my son played this non stop and still enjoys it even though he 's played it several times . The graphics are very good
 I told myself I was only going to write a review of this game after having completed it , to be as fair in my judgement as possible . 55 game-hours -LRB- about 21/2 weeks -RRB- later here I am , very excited to give you my impression of this marathonically exciting quest.I 've had experience with all previous Zelda games on the older consoles , including the Gameboy versions . I expected this one to have more or less the same winning formula of these past classics with the obvious variations and additions that make everyone come back for more , and I was n't dissapointed . Most of you will recall that the game was supposed to be released in 2005 for the GameCube , but it was held up due to the imminent release of the Wii -LRB- formerly known as the Revolution -RRB- and Nintendo 's plan to make this game part of it 's new console release in November 2006 . This adventure is , without question , the longest and deepest of any Zelda series so far.The main game plot follows a more dramatic course than in previous games , you could probably tell that there is a darker/gloomy side to it , however , most of the adventure follows a positive , lighter tone with fun side-quests and mini-games . The Zelda series are not classified as RPGs -LRB- role playing games -RRB- . You do n't have to collect and summon magic spells or fight monsters in a turn-based method using different characters . You only control a single character -LRB- in his two forms -RRB- , a hero who ultimately carries the burden of saving the entire town . You will find allies that 'll help you in your quest -LRB- your horse Epona , Midna , etc. -RRB- , but ultimately it will be Link who must complete the main tasks.As a player , you will have the chance to control Link 's character , and obtain different items and weaponry that will help him defeat the enemies and also open new pathways to progress further into the adventure and ultimately unfold the plot.Link 's main weapons are the sword and shield , however , the adventure can not be completed simply by hacking and slashing away . Most of the enemies require a certain weapon combination/technique to be defeated . Link will also acquire a number of special sword skills , necessary in later stages for his survival.One of the most rewarding moments during the adventure is obtaining new special weapons or items . These special weapons/items are either used to defeat the most difficult enemies in battle or to unlock or open up new rooms or areas . These special items are found well hidden within temples and ultimately require fighting a boss , to grab them . Once they are in your possession , you 'll most probably use them to defeat a stronger boss later on in the same temple.The game 's strength , however , are the puzzles . To get a special weapon , to find a character , to complete a task or to simply continue further in the adventure , you 'll have to figure out quite a few well-thought-out puzzles . A puzzle could be something as simple as eliminating all enemies inside a room or as complex as having to manipulate items in multiple rooms in a temple to finally unlock a secret.Be prepared to spend many hours trying to complete this adventure , but I assure you that you 'll not find a single idle minute . There is always something interesting to do , even when you find yourself stuck . I did n't use a guide at all to complete the adventure , although I could probably recommend people to get one if you are new to Zelda or to any adventure game.This game is one of the best in the Legend of Zelda series , with beautiful graphics , smooth play mechanics , deep plot , exciting game-play , a fantastic music score and a beautiful ending , all well worth the wait .
 This game is incredible ! All sorts of new features and 50 hours of game time!Now in Zelda Twilight princess you can be a wolf and a human , bringing all sorts of hidden areas and other things about , wolf has senses and digging abilities for treasure hunters.The new features include horseback fighting including two boss battles on horseback , all new amazing minigames , new items , including the hawkeye , allowing you to see far things and snipe enemies with your bow . The world is bigger than ever , Hyrule field has several sections and areas , huge desert area , and portals to travel places much faster than usual.You can still find old things like the master sword , the zoras , etc. . But Ganon appears to have been replaced with a new evil , Zant.No old games have to be played , the story is completely different , and I would say this game triples the fun that I had in Ocarina of Time.BUY THIS GAME !!!
 I have owned and played almost ALL the Zelda games . Twilight Princess is awesome , though difficult . The graphics are beautiful and the ease of simple manipulations helps with the fun . I play with my five year old grandson who is able to master simple chores , but is intimidated by `` the wolf '' . I have Gamecube and feel that a better ` how to ' book should be out . The manual I bought only has a small fraction devoted to Gamecube ; the rest is WII . I think for both our sakes that if and when we get stuck , if we had a place to go for answers that would be really good .
 This is by far the best Zelda game so far ! This is the only thing my son asked to receive for Christmas for months before Christmas . I had pre-ordered this game through a well known department stores website and then 11 days before Christmas I got an email stating that they did n't have enough and I would not be getting my copy ... OH NO !!! NOONE had any of these with less than two weeks until Christmas , but ... Amazon pulled through for us ! They had some in stock and I received it within two days ! We will no longer purchase items from that `` other '' website!The game play is almost like being there . It follows closely to what the premise of the other Zelda 's are and I would recommend purchasing the game guide if you want to find it all because it does pose a welcoming challenge ! For anyone wanting to purchase this game ... DO ! It 's great !
 Lets face it , the current generation systems -LRB- meaning XBOX , Playstation 2 and the Nintendo Gamecube -RRB- , are on their way out the door . Some , most notably the Gamecube have forefully jammed their foot in the door and are relenting to move . With the release of The Legend of Zelda
 I am an avid Zelda fan and have played all of the console versions of Zelda -LRB- I do n't bother with the Gameboy versions -RRB- . I love these games . This review is for all of those people out there that despised Windwalker as much as I did.When Windwalker was released , I was so incredibly disappointed with the graphics that I could n't play it more than an hour . Seriously , what was with the Southpark graphics with a Windows look and feel?Anyway , Twilight Princess is back to the same enjoyable graphics that were seen in the Nintendo 64 versions . Given the limitations of the video card on the Gamecube , the graphics are excellent . Here 's the other reasons I love this game ! 1 . -RRB- Back to the excellent tricks and puzzles you need to progress in the game or to find secret items .2 . -RRB- You can attack from horseback now ! 3 . -RRB- Easy to use and useful 7 blade skills for melee combat .4 . -RRB- Nice and long game -LRB- I am disappointed in games that take less than 20 hours to finish the first time I play -RRB- .5 . -RRB- The storyline is simple and straightforward , which I enjoy for a video game . In a video game I like forward movement , not lots of reading .6 . -RRB- The bosses are not too hard . Yeah , I like a little challenge but my personal view of Zelda fun is figuring out the puzzles in the game . Frankly , the monsters/bosses are REALLY easy in this installment .7 . -RRB- I enjoyed the graphics and going back to a teenager Link . The Southpark stump of a baby boy in Windwalker was ridiculous.To sum it up , I enjoyed Twilight Princess as much as I enjoyed Ocarina of Time . The two games felt very similiar to me -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . A whole brand new world with new puzzles !
 I 'll start this review by addressing one question that I 've heard ask many times . What are the differences between the Gamecube version and the Wii version ? The answer is ; nothing significant . Other than the obvious motion control differences , gameplay is n't any different . I 've heard that you can walk and aim at the same time in the Wii version , and while that does sound quite advantageous , it is n't a deal breaker . The trade-off is that your wrist wo n't get sore from swinging the Wii remote all day . I 've also heard that there are green Chu-Chu 's in the Wii version , but I 'll explain why that wo n't make much of a difference later.The only MAJOR difference is that the map in the Wii version is flipped ; that is , everything that was right is now left , and vice-versa . Now , there 's a reason behind this . Link has traditionally always been left-handed . However , since the Wii version has you controlling Link 's sword hand via the Wii remote , and since most people are right-handed , the entire map has been flipped so that Link 's sword hand is on his right . Besides the fact that Nintendo basically flipped off the entire left-handed community with this move , it also seems like it would have been easier to simpy flip Link 's model . I 'm not a game designer though.While that 's a commonly known fact , one thing that is n't as apparant is that most walkthroughs that you 'll find reflect the Wii version of the game . So unless you 're cool encountering massive headaches as you try to read a walkthrough backwards , you 're pretty much on your own here . This was n't much of a problem for me as I prefer to , y' know , play the game on my own , but for those of you who require a walkthrough , you may want to think twice.Now , on to the actual game . In short , this game is friggin ' amazing . It 's been referred to as a spiritual sequel to Ocarina of Time , and I could n't agree more . So if you loved that game , chances are that you 'll love this game . The cel-shaded style of The Wind Waker is cast away and a new , more realistic graphical style takes its place . Even if you were fond of The Wind Waker , this is still an improvement , it 's the most detailed Zelda game to date . Dungeons are just as puzzle-filled as ever and incredibly innovative . You can tell that they spent a lot of time making each one unique . And the overworld is GORGEOUS . It 's huge and is filled with little hidden areas and caves that you 're free to explore at your own leisure . Its secrets are n't immediately accessible as well . You may run across some type of marking and have no idea what it is , until you come back later with a new item in hand that you can use to exploit it . They knocked it out of the park with the story as well . I wo n't go to far into it for fear of ruining an aspect of the plot , but I 'll just say that this game has the deepest character relationships of anyone Zelda game , hell , any game period , that I 've ever played.I 'll get into some Zelda specific pros here , so if you have n't played a Zelda game yet move on to the next paragraph . There are some major improvements found here . For one , swordplay has been expanded . Rather than the classic jump attack , stab , horizontal slice , vertical slive repertoire we 've seen since Zelda first went 3D , this game adds hidden moves that you discover as you progress through the game . Included within this hidden move set are things like a vaulting manuever and a complex parry manuever . As you 've probably heard , full-on horseback combat has also been included . While I ca n't seem to get the hang of it , it 's fun nonetheless . One word ; jousting . One final improvement that I 'll mention is the ability to swim underwater . If you 've played through Ocarina of Time 's water temple , you 'll know how much of a pain it was to put on the iron boots everytime you wanted to go underwater . First of all , the iron boots are a X , Y , Z button item here , and you can actually swim through water once you get an armor upgrade . It 's analogous to swimming as a Zora in Majora 's Mask.Unfortunately , with every great game there are several flaws . One big one here is the somewhat linear nature of gameplay . Like I said earlier , there are plenty of places to explore in the overworld , but that 's about it . With one exception , the only reward for sidequests are heart pieces and a few bottles . Bosses seem to follow this trend , there 's usually only one way to defeat them , and it can be quite monotonous . On the subject of bosses , they are FAR too easy . I beat the final boss on my first try without any recovery items . And I 'm not a particularly exceptional gamer . That seems to be the recent trend in Zelda games , however . The Wolf Link sequences could be quite tedious as well . Once you started them , you were locked in to doing a single task for at least an hour . Finally , although several awesome new items were introduced here , they were used a few times in one dungeons and then rendered useless.Now , onto Zelda specific cons . There is no magic meter . Personally , I found this a huge let-down . Magic has always been a big part of Zelda to me and it just was n't the same experience without it . This is why it does n't matter that there are n't any green Chu-Chus , by the way . Once again , it 's not a deal breaker , but it seems like a pretty simple thing to include . Also , defending with your shield is done automatically . I think this was done in order to accomadate the new combat system -LRB- having more buttons open does n't force them to resort to annyoing button combos -RRB- , but it feels awkward anyways . Quite a few ideas from Ocarina of Time were recycled here as well . The first stage of the third boss plays out like Morpha from Ocarina 's water temple and the gathering of the poes bit from Ocarina 's forest temple is also reused . I suppose this is n't really a con , but it disappointed me slightly.Overall , this an excellent game , but not a perfect one . Is it worth your money though ? Yes . Will it satisfy old Zelda fans ? Absolutely yes .
 THE LEGACY : The title of my review is what I call my Zelda philosophy . It 's a standard that I use on every Zelda game , whether its a fair standard or not . The Ocarina of Time is considered by many critics to be one of the greatest -- if not the greatest -- games of all time . Think about that for a moment . Now if you give a ten-year-old the responsibility to critique and compare Ocarina of Time with Twilight Princess , of course Twilight Princess would come out on top , because Ocarina is outdated . But , when Ocarina came out , and you started playing on your Nintendo 64 ... that WAS magic . That 's one of those euphoric moments in gaming history.Then Majora 's Mask came out , and while it was quite a smaller game in scale than Ocarina of Time -LRB- or so it `` felt '' like -RRB- , it made up for being a genuinely strange , unorthodox sequel -- and it worked . Next up was a curve ball ... Wind Waker . I honestly did n't know what to make of it at first , but regardless of its cartoonish nature , it captured the Magic from Ocarina and the strangeness from Majora 's Mask.TWILIGHT PRINCESS : The Twilight Princess was the only reason I bought the Wii -LRB- aside from Super Smash Bros Brawl , of course -RRB- , because Zelda had never disappointed me yet so how could they possibly disappoint me now?Well , I 'll answer that question in a moment , but first let 's talk about how I felt the first time playing it and how I felt the last time I played it -LRB- and when I say `` last , '' there is a finalized spin to the word -RRB- . The first time I played Twilight Princess , it was puppy love . I overlooked its blemishes ; I overlooked its two-dimensional characters ; I overlooked its ridiculous wolf-missions ; I overlooked the unoriginal level designs -LRB- and if they were original , they did n't have the same feel that earlier Zelda games had -RRB-
 we enjoyed this game so much and just could n't stop playing it . we are big Zelda fans and this game was what we expected it to be and a more
 As you 've no doubt guessed from the title of this review , I 've noted many similarities between this game and Ocarina of Time from the Nintendo 64 console . Which is a good thing , since I absolutely * loved * Ocarina of Time.Just to make a point , I will say that while playing Ocarina of Time , sometimes I felt like I had a little too much help figuring out the dungeons from the increasingly annoying Navi , who never seemed to shut up sometimes . Well , you wo n't have that problem in Twilight Princess . In this game , your sidekick Midna stays silent most of the time except when you solicit her help -LRB- then she usually says something generic like `` let 's go , what are you waiting for '' ? -RRB- , she appears in a cutscene , or when you need her to pull off a special move , like super high jumps with Wolf Link . Thank goodness the developers fixed the `` Navi bug '' , as I call it.Ideally , you will have played Ocarina of Time -LRB- either on the N64 or the Gamecube reissue -RRB- before you start Twilight Princess . This is not required of course , but it will make the controls feel more natural than if you are literally starting from scratch . It also makes the layout of Hyrule and its characters/enemies make more sense . Picture the Hyrule of Ocarina of Time expanded threefold , and you will have an idea of the scale of this game . Hyrule field is simply huge ! As a previous reviewer noted , it makes the Hyrule field of Ocarina of Time seem like your backyard by comparison.As with OOT -LRB- Ocarina of Time -RRB- , TP -LRB- Twilight Princess -RRB- has 9 dungeons , counting Hyrule Castle . You have the 3 `` before '' the Master Sword , and 6 `` after '' . But the dungeons are considerably more challenging and intriguing in this game . For example , in the Forest Temple -LRB- the first dungeon -RRB- , you have to enlist the help of monkeys to get to certain parts of the temple -LRB- recall the swinging technique from Wind Waker you learn on the pirate ship -RRB- . In other dungeons , foes become friends and friends become foes -LRB- Fyrus -- > Darbus in the Goron Mines and Yeta -- > Blizzeta in Snowpeak Mansion -RRB- . Very cool . Also , remember the disappointment of OOT in never showing us a detailed look of the inside of Hyrule Castle ? Well , now you can feast your eyes on the stunning decor of TP 's Hyrule Castle . The torches crackle , you can see the paneling on the wood doors , the interiors are dim but not excessively so , etc.The weapons arsenal from OOT is expanded to include things like a Ball and Chain and a Spinner . The Spinner serves as transportation and a weapon . There are others , but I wo n't spoil the surprise.Unlike OOT and Wind Waker , you do n't have a musical instrument to play with , but for me this was no big deal . You can still call the horse Epona , but it is inconvenient until you get a special item later in the game.Concerning Link/Wolf Link
 I admit it ; I liked Ocarina of Time better , but Ocarina of Time is basically an untouchable standard of the Zelda franchise . Let me get the little niggly things out of the way , first . For someone who has spent hundreds of hours on Ocarina and Wind Waker , the sudden absence of a real musical instrument is annoying . No longer can you tootle Epona 's song to make her come running , or mess with the flow of time just because you felt like getting a little sun . Instead you have to go rolling all around Hyrule Field -- which , by the way , makes Ocarina 's version look like a back yard -- to find Horse Grass and blow through it . Once you get the Master Sword , though , you have about 90 % as much freedom with warping around . To warp , you must be in wolf form , but to transform there must be absolutely no NPCs in the area or Midna will have a fit about the uproar you 'll cause and keep you from transforming . You can also only warp to where you 've made a warp point , and without any spoilers , I have to say they 're annoying to make and you have no choice in their placement . And of course , before you find the Master Sword , god forbid you should need to make a trip between , say , Kakariko Village and Lake Hylia ; there are broken bridges and indestructible impasses everywhere , so even looking at your map constantly wo n't provide you with a sure route.With that out of the way , this is an intensely enjoyable game . Some people have complained that it takes three hours to get to the first dungeon -- to them , I say pfaw . Piffle . Etcetera . I , for one , have always enjoyed post-Ganon capering around Hyrule , and the game lets you have a brief taste of that , as well as acquainting you with characters you 'll be expected to care about , before plunging you into abject torture -LRB- for Link , not for the player -RRB- . I was n't fond of the bughunt thing , true -LRB- `` So , you 're a god , and you got your essence sucked away by a bunch of giant cockroaches ? Really ? ... Really ? '' -RRB- , but being a wolf is a great and different experience from normal human Link gameplay . Besides , if you ca n't handle a measly 3 hours in a franchise known for long sloggy stories , then you 're better off trying Resident Evil , or GTA.The plotline is nicely twisted , a bit darker than traditional Zelda fare , perhaps -- there is , not terribly far into the game -LRB- after the second dungeon -RRB- what I would consider the creepiest cutscene in a Zelda game I 've ever seen . I do n't think I 've ever seen Link be so vocal , either -LRB- screaming long and loud , et . al -RRB- . The whole thing is conceptually very strong . Your tasks are also greatly varied , all the way to including sumo bouts ! Watching Link sumo-stamp in his Ordon threads and face off against men and Gorons thrice his size is hilarious , let me tell you.Audio-wise , I have to say I adore the music , to the point I went and got the soundtrack -LRB- the real 127-track one , not that sissy 24-track one -RRB- . Hyrule Field has gotten very orchestral , and there 's now a gorgeous song for Hyrule Field at night , which I find lovable enough to not mind riding back and forth across the expansive Field for hours at night . The Twilight theme is also pretty enough to keep you distracted from the fact , early on in the game , that you are CHASING ROACHES krhgkjshg Some people complain that after 20 years and counting , the series has yet to include any real voice acting besides Midna 's gibberish and the occasional sharply-drawn breath or battle cry . Why are you complaining ? It 's such a small detail after years without words , not to mention rather a hallmark of the series -LRB- especially Link 's total wordlessness and implied answers , which is rampant in other RPGs anyway -RRB- . I 've never played the Wii version , so I ca n't comment on graphics , really , but to me they seem shiny and smooth enough . The only time I thought the graphics were failing , it actually turned out to be an enemy campfire . Har . In cutscenes , the graphics smooth out even more , and there are no such things as vertices on Link 's baby face .
 This is the greatest game ever . I would say it is probably the best adventure game I have ever played in my life . The graphics are amazing , it is long and challenging , it tests your ability to solve logic puzzles , and it is just overall extremely entertaining . If you own a nintendo game system , this is a MUST HAVE . The only thing I could say against it is if you already own two or more zelda games , you may find that the plots are a bit repetitive . IT IS WORTH EVERY CENT .
 When I got my Wii , I traded in my Gamecube version of Twilight Princess for the Wii version . Now I miss the Gamecube version , for one main reason
 i LOVE this game ! its so addicting ! i got it as a christmas present , and have been glued to the TV ever since ! im not stuck , but all i want to say is that when you fight the second to last boss , pay VERY close attention to your surroundings . when i first fought him , i died in a second , but , i figured out what to do after about half an hour . i was so shocked that i even thought of it though , so players , pay attention ! lolan absolute must have game with great graphics , a great story , and cool action sequences ! the one problem that i have with the zelda games , is that they still have not put in voice overs for the characters . thats the ONLY thing wrong with this game hope all players have a great time with this one ! good luck!Ratings -LRB- on a scale of 1 to 10 -RRB- : Graphics - 9Story - 10Action - 9Fun - 10
 I just finished this game and I can see that it has already become as classic as OOT . Get this game . Play it . Enjoy it .
 I 'm not a kid , I 'm just using this because it 's easier . Anyway on with my review.This is a very good game , but it has some very intense images in it , including possession , a suiside scene , a scene where a farm girl tries to stab Link in the chest , and some slightly suggestive content . The enemies were also quite dark and scary . The game 's story is top notch , but you can clearly see that Nintendo is trying to mature it 's Zelda series . Anyway I hope that this review helps .
 Unbelievably good . Great graphics and great gameplay 50 hours in and just a little more than halfway through . Tons of things to accomplish . I suggest the game guide also or You might miss a lot . BUY IT , BUY IT , BUY IT !!!
 Awesome game !!!! I had initially wanted to purchase a different game but found the cover of the zelda game interesting . I am glad i purchased it . It has been fun playing along with my 12 year old brother and his friends as well .
 My 15 year old son received this game on Christmas morning . We lost the television for a week while he played the game in the livingroom . He has a TV in his room but we all wanted to see the very long awaited game too . The graphics are amazing . He beat the game in a week ... almost playing non-stop . We started playing Zelda games when my 28 year old son was in his teens . This game , by far , is the best one yet ! We only hope it wo n't be another 2 years before they release another one !
 this is truly a great game for gamecube . this is probably the last good game for gamecube too . If you are interested in buying a gamecube game , this is the all time best . The puzzles in the game are challenging and the enamies are very creative . The effects are great and the combat is AWESOME ! Overall , this is the BEST game for Gamecube . This is a great buy !!
 When i got this game for Christmas , i was jumping with joy . i fired it right up and played for hours . when i was done , i told my mom how fun and detailed it was . on this game you can do just about anything . when you think of older zelda gamez you can only slice bad guys and do what you 're supposed to do . with this zelda you can fish if you want , jump gates with your horse , and many other useless but fun activities .
 This is an excellent game , but it is pretty hard . The game starts off a bit slow in the beginning , but picks up as you start beating dungeons . The dungeons in this game have way tougher puzzles than in Ocarina of Time or Wind Waker . I had to go online to figure out what to do next on many occasions . The game is similar to Ocarina of Time , as many of the same places in Ocarina of Time are included in this , except they have been completely redone . The graphics are very good too . I did enjoy the cartoonish look of Wind Waker , but this game went back to the realistic look of Ocarina of Time . The cartoonish look of Wind Waker would have felt out of place on this game as this game has a much darker vibe . The controls are fairly similar to Wind Waker . You also get to learn new sword attacks . Enemies in this are a bit smarter than in Wind Waker as well . A big highlight in the game for me were the boss battles . They were quite fun and creative . Sidequests and mini games are also included as well.Pros : Graphics/AnimationSound/MusicStorylineBoss Battles/CombatMinigames/SidequestsCons : Dungeon Puzzle DifficultySlow Gameplay In The Beginning
 First off
 Legend of Zelda
 Certainly my son love this game , he waiting for almost a year to play with it , and now he is completly happy with the game .
 Same old Zelda , same old game play . If it 's not broke , do n't fix it . The new Zelda game still lacks voice-acting . When -LRB- and if -RRB- a Zelda game has voice-acting , it 'll be accused of having bad voice-acting like many video games today.Twilight Princess looks way more better than Wind Waker and far more realistic . What a fitting swansong for the GameCube . The new Zelda features new and old characters . In the game , Link goes to save the land of Hyrule with the help of a mysterious being known as Midna . Link is also able to transform into a wolf , where he can do several things that a human -LRB- or elf -RRB- ca n't do . That 's the thing about Twilight Princess ; it calls Link a human ... I thought he was meant to be an elf ? Oh , well.The game play is nothing new or different from previous Zelda games , but the graphics are awesome and Twilight Princess is much more action-based . The only complaint I have is that some paths in the game are too linear.Any Zelda fan would like this game , and a Zelda veteran can master it with ease .
 I do not have a Nintendo Wii and I was a bit sceptical about getting one to play Twilight Princess . After all , I would have liked to play Twilight Princess on the better system , assuming the Wii would put the game in the best light . However , I decided to get it for the Gamecube . I did not want to pay the full price for a Gamecube game though of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at the stores that still had it in the area . I hear gamecube games are no longer being made really . So I went here , to Amazon and it WAS for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- so I bought it here . Unfortunately though , the game here on this site is up to $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for some reason . There are other sellers , but the price I bought it for was -LSB- ... -RSB- for being new . That was n't bad at all . I am enjoying the game . The colors and lighting are really nice . There are a bunch of side games to play . This game is a good purchase .
 Well it 's not Ocarina of Time , but then again is not Wind Waker . Way better than its horrific cell shaded counterpart for the game cube . But then again it still lacks a little of that amazing Ocarina feel . Overall it was quite fun , for all you Zelda fans out there , give it a shot for sure .
 This is a very good game . I like it better than the rest of the Zelda games .
 I 've been playing The Legend of Zelda series since 1987 . The latest journey into Hyrule is in my opinion a mixed bag , and I 'll tell you why.It 's superior to Windwaker in that there are more dungeons , which to me is the best part of any Zelda game . Windwaker had what ? Like five dungeons ? Whatever . And most of the time was spent sailing around in that stupid boat.Well forget Windwaker . This game is back to a more traditional Hyrule experience . The storyline is decent . There 's no real mention of the Triforce , per se . But basically you 've got your usual suspects
 Now I have been playing zelda since the first game . These are the only games I play as well . my son does get a little mad here and then when I take his Gamecube and such items of his . But now he got used to the fact that I 'm a 28 year old Zelda collector . My son has never played a zelda game except Wind Waker . I do not allow him to play rated T or M games . and this is the only one to find.If your not a zelda fan , Dont worry , you 'll this game , get stuck on levels , but hey if you dont like it , sell it.Now the good part , this game has al ot of twists . you will get disappointed once and a while . but this is one of the best games since Ocarina of Time.Thank You For Reading and have a nice Christmas
 Twilight Princess is everything you expect from a Zelda game . The game is very lengthy even without sidequests . The puzzles are clever and fun to figure out . And the main world is humongous . If you like any zelda game this is definately worth buying
 It is hard to rate this game against the other games in the series because I love them all so much . This is definitely a very strong and enjoyable entry in this legendary series .
 Ocarina of Time or Twilight Princess ... The two kings of the Zelda series.I have beaten and loved Ocarina of time . It is a Legend . Something so fun and entertaining you my only find a game like it once in a lifetime . The best game ever . But now Twilight princess demands attention . So comes the unanswered question . Which is better ? They both have similar game play , they both are stunning in the same ways . OoT in a magical land with beautiful tunes That make a lovely harmony like nothing you have ever experienced Exploring is a hi-light of the game . I can never over exaggerate this point . It is a beautiful large land with lush green fields , dark blue waterfalls . shimmering lakes , secret forests , and a mountain.Twilight princess in that put into 21 century The results are breathtaking or if that is old then ... . to large to explain . I give up trying to explain . You will have to just get the game yourself . But witch is better ? ... remember OoT is a 20th century wile TP is 21 . In that case they are almost tied . But some may agree OoT does a slitly better job with the ... adventure into a magical land of castles , markets , swords , princesses , evil sorcerers , and rescuers on horseback .
 REVIEW WRITTEN AFTER BEATING THE FIRST DUNGEON The game is typical Zelda - get this to get that tasks , collect all of a certain item , etc. . The game is very lovely - good graphics , smooth moves . You must recover some of the village children , which is n't much of an incentive . The stories of the previous Zeldas -LRB- Windwaker , Ocarina , etc -RRB- are better than this one . It is pretty cool to go between the twilight world and the ` living ' world , but again - there is n't much incentive to continue on . Exploring seems like a better time .
 I bought this game for my daughter and she has been very happy with it .
 the shipping was literaly 2 days later and the game was beautiful thank you for being alive i do n't know what i 'd play without you . i 'll be ordering from you again .
 I wish that when you can not defeat a certain section , that they would let you continue on . It holds you there until you can defeat the big boss -LRB- Enemy -RRB- !
 The best game in Zelda titles , is prety funny , mantaine the same history with the same places but with new graphics , new adventures and best graphics and tricks .
 This is excellent . I was very impressed with nintendo 's extra work on this title . It really does combine many of the previous titles element , such as for example the twilight which reminds me of a Link to the Past . It also reminds me of both Ocarina of Time , and Majora 's Mask . The moutain dungon , and the lakebed templefor instance . the forest temple is like Wind Waker . There are some new elements as well , like the city in the sky . To end , it is really like I am in there . I just love riding Ephona and battling the wild boars . Thanks again , nintendo and all the guys in Japan !
 I rate this Zelda up at the top along with the Zelda put out for N64 The Occarina of Time , and Majora 's Mask . It gives a new spin on link though , instead of him being a young pre-teen child like character , he 's portrayed more as a teenager of about 14-15 in this game . I think as with all Zelda games , the team who designed this one did a bang up job it 's another one of those games that you could play over and over again even if you 're not a fan of Zelda . The battle system and potions and collecting of jars etc is the same in this game just as in any other Zelda game , the only thing I really find to be drastically different is the twilight aspect of it and the `` transforming . '' Zelda for those of you who might have never played is a more structured quest style RPG , if you like structured as opposed to open end playing this is the game for you ! Zelda has a lot to offer as an RPG as far as the story goes , I found that surprises and twists in the plot were pulled off very well , and overall I was impressed .
 This was a gift purchase for my grandson . I watched him play many happy hours with it during a recent visit , calling his friend when he got stuck on something , then moving on to new successes . It is just what he wanted and the product was totally satisfactory from the time of purchase through delivery to their home . I 'd recommend it to other young game enthusiasts .
 This game is excellent ! A lot of fun . If you liked the other Zelda games , you 'll like this ! Fun for everybody ! Highly recommended !
 In 2003 , after Nintendo 's first try bringing Zelda to the Gamecube with The Wind Waker , the game suffered mixed reactions from fans . Some loved the new art style , while others moaned about its childish look . Zelda fans would have to endure several delays and ultimately wait three years for the next console title . Fortunately , Nintendo came out with The Minish Cap for the GBA in 2005 to keep fans occupied . Nintendo began to release tantalizing images and trailers for their upcoming Zelda game . The return to the traditional art style promised that Twilight Princess would make all the fans happy . -LRB- Note
 I have played the game for both consoles and there are some things in common . It is fun , difficult at times , and has fairly good graphics . I found it challenging , but not too much and I would definetly recommend getting it in one form or another , however I prefer the gamecube version . I feel that the controls are better because the Wii controls are not very intuitive and just get annoying eventually.In conclusion , Get this game for Gamecube if you can , but Wii if you need to .
 Like all Zelda games there are certain actions that are difficult to perform.But the graphs are great and it has a easy to follow story line . . The Zelda series has never disappointed ...
 Best graphics yet , good music in the tradition of Zelda games , and a good set of missions that are not too difficult to remember , I 'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys adventure RPGs .
 I really had always wanted a zelda game , ever since I watched my uncle play ocarina of time on his nintendo 64 . When I got twilight princess as my first zelda game I was so excited , This game took me and my sister about a year to complete -LRB- when we took our time -RRB- . Now I have almost every zelda game , but this one is my overall favorite , I absolutely love it ! It has great graphics and a wonderful story-line . - julie
 Put simply I am a huge fan of the Zelda series and I have played and beaten all the games to date . Ocarina of Time and A Link to the Past used to be my all-time favorites but Twilight Princess blows them away . This has to be the best game in the series so far in my opinion . The game is long but I love long games . They tend to lure you in much farther kind of like the Final Fantasy games made for the big consoles . I own it for the GameCube but it still is a challenging game since there are loads of areas to explore and tons of things to do . The dungeons are amazing and my favorite is the City in the Sky dungeon . It has absolutely the coolest layout I have ever seen for a typical Zelda dungeon . The items in this game are amazing as well and the boss fights
 I first started playing Zelda when ocarina came out for N64 and my dad got me the game . I loved that game and still do . It 's probably my favorite game of any system . However , this comes in at a close second.The graphics are spectacular against any previous Zelda game , but it is not about the graphics like some games are , which is fine with me . -- 41/2 / 5 * The sound and music extremely well done . The soundtrack is pleasing to hear on an ipod or computer by itself . I do have one small thing against it . Ocarina , Majora 's Mask and Windwaker all had instruments to create all different songs , and each song had a different function . This game , not so much . You have Epona 's Song with the grass , and that 's it . The music puzzles were taken out of the game and I liked those . -- 31/2 / 5 * The gameplay is spectacular , and probably the best rendition yet . The horseback fighting spots are extreamly fun and addicting . -- 5/5 * Replay value -- 41/2 / 5 *
 Huge Zelda fan OGZ since the 8 bits . Twilight Princess is even better than I thought it would be . This is the best game of the series and possibly ever made . Buy it !
 Until Nintendo creates another Zelda game exclusively for Wii , this is the best Zelda you can get . It 's nostalgic , fun , deep , dark , huge , and the story is great . All you expect from this franchise is right there.Highly recommended .
 This game took forever getting out -LRB- like 2 years after the `` release date '' -RRB- . It is really good though . Graphics are insanely good , there are cool moves , lots of monsters to kill , and , you can turn into a wolf , which is just plain awesome . A GREAT game if you 're into fantasy dudes running around with swords .
 If you have been a fan of the whole series , this latest iteration lives up to expectations . With a look and feel very reminiscent of Ocarina of Time , but with updated graphics , I was very pleased - and the fact that it is available for both the GameCube and the Wii is just fantastic .
 This is the best zelda game I have ever played , and I 've played all of them . Its a great change from Wind Wakers Cartoonish Graphic style , It is the best looking of the games and looks like an anime in style . You will not regreat this buy .
 We are all big Zelda fans in my home , but I am the only one who has stuck with it . I bought the `` official '' guide , have used multiple help web sites , use my son to get through the skills-games and still get stuck occasionally.However , the game is very imaginative , and when it works it works well and is a lot of fun to play . It just does n't leave much room for error.Buy it if you like the other Zeldas . Not for impatient players .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Valentines Day . Really romantic . I do n't actually play the game but he had logged over 30 hours and I have watched him play at least 15 of those hours and it has been really entertaining.P.S . The secret to getting your girlfriend to watch you play video games is to let her feel involved . He lets me pick the next thing he is going to do sometimes which is fun for me . But I 'm a nerd .
 This game truly lives up to the legacy left by both Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask . THe graphics are wonderful -LRB- especially for a gamecube game -RRB- , and the gameplay is fun . The bosses , while not necessarily challenging , are both creative and amusing . My only bone to pick with the game is -LRB- semi-spoiler alert ... sorta ! -RRB- with the clawshot , and its complete inability to hook onto anything other than the clawshot targets . Yes , fellow Zelda fans , we can not zoom around from rooftop to rooftop , nor can we swing from tree to tree . However , the clawshot targets are abundant , and in that way the problem is cercumvented . The items are fun , the story is new and interesting , and , on the whole , this game wins big points from me .
 Wow ! What can I say that has n't already been said . I 'm a Zelda fan from way back and it 's beautiful and intriguing .
 This game is the greatest game I have seen . I have both versions and love the Wii version slightly more than the Game Cube Version . The only reason is the aiming . I got used to the Wiimote system of aiming that when I came to the GC version it took a little getting used to , but once I did it was the same fun and challenging game .
 A user review for this game is almost unessessary . Everyone who owns either the Wii or Gamcube with own the game for their system -LRB- or maybe even both -RRB- . I am currently 28 hours into the game and I can easily say that this is my favorite Zelda title since a `` Link to the Past '' on the SNES . For anyone who is a long time Zelda fan ; this game will tap into the connections you made with the series 20 years ago . -LRB- Be it a song , character or enemies -RRB- . The brilliant thing to me is the fact that they are able to both evolve the series -LRB- new gameplay/ideas -RRB- while staying true to the roots of the series.The most glairing weakness of this game is the graphics ... Gears of War this game is not . I found that the graphics were the last thing on my mind however once I get into the game world.One note to parents ... this is not a game for small kids . A vast departure from Wind Waker , there are several things in this game that the little ones may find frightening . The ESRB addressed this by giving the game a `` TEEN '' rateing.Great game . Maybe the best I 've played this year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . That list includes Guitar Hero II , FF XII , Gears of War , Okami , Bully , etc. . .
 The Legend of Zelda series is known for its trickery and puzzles , and this one has tons of them.First off you start off as a young farm boy in a small village . You are asked by the Mayor of your village to go to Hyrule castle and deliver a present/gift . They do this every year , it 's traditional , but this year he asks Link to deliver it for him . When Link sets off with his horse , Epona , he sees that the land is filled with some sort of weird twilight , when he enters it he turns into a wolf . Midna , a short person seeking power helps Link bring the light back to the land of Hyrule.Not as good as OoT , but it 's close . So in a few words
 Without giving too much away , I will say straight out that Twilight Princess is basically a bigger , better , refined Ocarina of Time . At first I was a bit discouraged by this fact , but playing through the game convinced me of how much care went into making this into another Zelda masterpiece that 's not `` just another entry '' . Overall , this latest Zelda game is a more than worthy successor in a series that is always improving upon itself.First off , Twilight Princess is an engineering marvel . I 'd rather examine this game than anything the new Sony PS3 has to offer -LRB- who would buy a $ 600 console to get some stupid boring NBA game ? -RRB- . Aside from the Resident Evil remake and RE Zero , Twilight Princess has the most impressive visuals yet on the GameCube . The game can process any complex visual task . I thought I 've seen it all until this game . Loading times are nonexistant and I 've come across no slowdown whatever , which is extraordinary considering how huge Twilight Princess 's world is . This game , along with FFXII and Okami , shows that this generation of consoles is still way more interesting than the new one.It 's Ocarina of Time and more . Death Mountain , Lake Hylia , the Castle Town ... everything Ocarina of Time had is vastly improved upon here . All the worlds are exquisitely more detailed and contain much more activity and depth . The controls have improved too , from the outfits to the weaponry . No more limited moves and constant item switching that Ocarina of Time had . The dungeons in this game do n't disappoint either . Nintendo keeps impressing me with the creativity put into the puzzles and bosses in the dungeons . You 'll come across some of the biggest and most inventive bosses ever in a Zelda game.A game like this makes you thankful that the Nintendo EAD team is still around developing great titles . In a generation that is dominated by driving games , Maddens , Halos , and Grand Theft Autos -LRB- which I find to be all overrated bore-fests -RRB- , a game like Twilight Princess comes along and whoops everything else on the market with its unbeatable design and charisma . Nintendo , along with Sega , Capcom , SNK , Konami , and Treasure , is a game developer always staying true to the spirit of pure core gaming , and this is a game that further proves it . Twilight Princess is a mandatory purchase if you have a GameCube or Wii .
 I was always a fan of `` A Link to the Past '' and was captivated by `` Ocarina of Time '' when it came out . Twilight Princess puts them all to shame . This game is amazing.As with many customers , I was frustrated and angry at the repeated delays in the release date of this game . I expected it in November 2005 , then May 2006 , then October 2006 , and now Christmas 2006 . I hate to say it , but the wait was definitely worth it . I am 40 hours into the game and I ca n't put it down.This is by far the best Zelda game . Thanks , Nintendo , for making a true gamer 's game .
 Three years ago , as I was sitting at my computer looking up anything that I might have missed at E3 , I ran across something called `` Wind Waker 2 '' , thinking there was a new Zelda game I quickly checked it out . After seeing the trailer ... and then re-seeing ... and then re-seeing some more ... I knew that this could finally be the game that could take over Ocarina 's title.One thing that I noticed immediately about Twilight Princess is the huge world . I enjoy a big Hyrule as much as the next guy , but when you ca n't find Epona or the whistle to call her , you may be in a little bit of a problem , nothing to major , but you still may run into a problem here and there.Twilight Princess also has the best story -LRB- in my opinion anyway -RRB- of any Zelda thus far . I wo n't spoil anything , but I will say that it keeps on getting deeper and deeper.As in every Zelda game -LRB- excluding Zelda II of course ... -RRB- the bosses and enemies remain easy , and the puzzles are what really prove the challenge . A friend of mine brought out that there should be a hard mode , and I 'm hoping that Nintendo makes this move in Phantom Hourglass.I 've played through all of the Cube version , and up to the Gale Boomerang in the Wii version . Each has their own pros and cons ... most cons are the same though.Remember these are just my opinions ^_^ CubePros : - More gorgeous on the Cube than the Wii , because it 's on the Cube-I seem to prefer the ` b ' Button sword thing over the Wiimote-This version is actually findableCons : - The Cube version is nothing to brag about >_> - If you 've played a little of the Wii version , you may be in trouble due to the mirror effectWiiPros : - Aiming the bow , slingshot , etc. with the Wiimote is definitely revolutionary to Zelda-You can brag to your friends that you have the Wii and TP for it-If you have this then you have the Wii ... or you 're a big Zelda FreakCons : - Friends will abuse it-This version 's hard to find-You have to pay , $ 300 plus to play itI prefer the Cube version more , I 'll get the Wii version when I get the Wii ... man I need a job >_> , but from what I played the Cube version is more enjoyable.When it comes down to it . This is the perfect game for either the GameCube 's death , or the Wii 's beginning .
 When I got this game I was unsure I would really like it . It turned out to be amazing . Everyone should get this game . I am about half way through into it . The graphics are amazing . It is so fun ! It is totally worth the money .
 The long awaited -LRB- and that 's saying it lightly -RRB- Legend of Zelda
 Nintendo has really shown this past year , that there is so much hype going on with some of their greatest video games . Although more of the emphasis has been around the Wii , and the redesigned Nintendo DS Lite , the other systems still showed they had some light around for die hard gamers . That has been the case with great games like Need For Speed
 If you 're a Wii owner I highly recommend getting this game . It has several nostalgic moments that reminisce of Ocarina of Time -LRB- luckily no Navi -RRB- and the story is on the same level of Ocarina of Time . The only downside is the final boss fight -LRB- I wo n't say anymore about that . -RRB- 9.9 / 10
 This game is required if you have a cube . I have read some of the reviews and it seems to me like the graphics are better on the Gamecube than the Wii . But you really need this game if you have a cube.I read a nintendo power that said that it probably takes longer to beat than Ocarina of Time . They also said that you probably wo n't need to get a guide for this game because you probably wo n't get stuck anywhere in gameplay . I think this game was a great success and hope you found this review helpful . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Awesome , i have only had the game for three days but I have played for like 20 hours 'cause its sooooo awesome . I hope it gets game of the year because it has the best graphics i have ever seen on the ` cube , and amazing gameplay and an involved storyline . I have finally found a game better than Orcarina of Time -LRB- if you liked any zelda game and have never played orcarina i suggest you go get your credit card and buy it right now . -RRB- This game is the best , wii or ` cube .
 Wow , this game is amazing ! I bought this game for only $ 40 at Curcuit City . I 'm very happy I found it because I looked everywhere , and it was sold out . When I went to Curcuit City , I was amazed to see one sitting there for only $ 40 . Now , to the game itself . There have been a lot of great games that have come out this year . I own Gears of War for my XBox 360 , and I did n't think a game could top it for years to come . Well , a couple months later , Twighlight Princess was released . The GameCube version , which is the one that I have , has just as good if not better graphics than the Wii version . I played the Wii version a little bit at the store , and I was surprised to see that the GameCube Zelda was just as pretty looking . This game is as good as any graphic wise on the current gen consoles.There has been so much focus on the 360 , PS3 , and Wii that this game might not get the praise that it deserves . This is the perfect game to end the current gen consoles . It 's simply amazing.Anyone who still owns a GameCube should definitly get this game . It might not just be the game of the year , but maybe the game of the century ! It was well worth the wait . And if you do n't believe this game can live up to Ocarina of Time , you better try this game . Then you can be the judge of that.Get this game ASAP !
 Excellent graphics . Excellent game play . Intriguing plot and memorable characters . The magic is back !
 -LRB- 14 y.o. Guy with no acount -RRB- Just as the title says I Am Now A Zelda Fan , I just got the game today and what better way tostart then with ONE OF THE BEST GAMECUBE GAMES of all time , I ' v goton to the part where you fight 3 -LRB- or 4 -RRB- Shadow Beings asWolf Link after you get the Sword and Shield and I Did That All In One Siting ! And if my eyes dide n'tstart hurting I would still be playing Now . The Holiday brake is not over yet and trust my you will not find a better way to wast away those long hours then a day of Legend of Zelda
 I 'll make this review as short as possible . Legend of Zelda
 I just picked this game up last night so I have n't had a chance to dig to deep into it . But from the start it is amazing ! The graphics , the controls , everything about it is an upgrade from the previous zelda games ! This so far is a great game , highly recommend based on the first few hours of gameplay !
 was a good game for me , but was hard durign the last part of it . stopped playin game for awhile .
 Zelda and all it 's other games in the series are awesome -LRB- except for Zedla 2
 This is a great game about as real as you can get . Actual NHRA drivers helped write this game . It Rocks
 I 've wanted this for a while , but thought the price a bit high . I recently found it on sale and purchased it and I have to say , even at regular price , this is a fun item . I was n't disappointed.Even the easy puzzles can be a little bit of a challenge -LRB- it is definitely the NY Times -RRB- . The mediums ones are great brainteasers . I have n't tried the Difficult ones yet!Two warnings : First , the system itself is very small . Great for travel -LRB- fits nicely into a small purse -RRB- , but I imagine this would be very hard on older eyes . My father had a little difficulty seeing it and he 's just middle-aged . I ca n't imagine how difficult this might be for the elderly!Second , it does n't mark which puzzles you 've already done -LRB- or if it does , I have n't figured out how to do it -RRB- . Each time you choose a puzzle , you choose from a numbered list . Would be nice if it either marked the ones you 've done or had a random generator . -LRB- With 1,000 puzzles to choose from , I think choosing from the numbered list will eventually be a chore . -RRB- Other than those two things , it 's a great little machine . I 'm taking it with me on my next vacation !
 I especially like this product for traveling and sitting in waiting rooms . My only complaint is that you have to hold it just right to see the puzzle clearly on the screen . It has a contrast adjustment , but it not very helpful . It also has a lighted screen option which is not very good either . A great improvement would be a screen with greater contrast .
 A really fun pastime , well presented with all sorts of concessions for people who are excellent at this sort of thing and for people who need lots of help .
 If you love crosswords you will love this handheld.Buy the case for easier handling.The touchscreen option is a lot easier than the button type crosswords .
 This is a pretty nice little game . It can keep you busy and help to pass the time . There are a lot of different puzzles , so you never play the same one twice . I only draw back that I have found to date is that depending on lighting the screen can be a little hard to see . Overall this is a fantastic little game .
 My Dad just loves his new birthday present . We were up visiting him over the holidays and I saw him use his game every day without fail . Good Job Amazon .
 `` Zatch Bell ! Mamodo Battles '' is a game based off the popular tv series called Zatch Bell ! -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I wo n't go into much debt about the series , but it 's mostly about a battle between 100 mamodos -LRB- imps or monsters -RRB- that come from a place called the mamodo world . The mamodo battle it out and the last one standing is the mamodo king . Mamodo have powerful attacks that involve lightning , fire , ice , rock , etc. . But , to use their attacks they need a human partner to read the mamodo 's spell book that only humans can read . So , Zatch Bell -LRB- an outcast -RRB- and Kiyo Takamine -LRB- a genius who is a jerk -RRB- have to work together and burn the other mamodo 's books -LRB- that is how the mamodo is sent back to the Mamodo World , therefore being kicked out the running of becoming king -RRB- and also find ing a friendship between each other.Now onto the game . `` Mamodo Battles '' is a fun game that allows you to control the mamodo and battle other mamodo . There is also a human partner there to cast spells and aid in battle . There are 14 characters in all , but at the beginning there are only 6 so you have to work to get all of the other 8 mamodo unlocked.In conclusion , this game is worth buying for any fan of Zatch Bell or ant fan of action games period . And for any parents worried because of the Teen rating , it 's only rated Teen because of punching . There is NO BLOOD WHATSOEVER !
 This game is very easy and interesting.There are alot of mamodos , alot of places and cards.The attacks are very cool and easy to play.This is a fastpaced game so you know now.If you looking like a game like DBZ but with magic , then this is the game.Believe me its a very good.Other good fighting games are : DBZ Tenkaichi , Soul Calibur 3 , One Piece .
 Thank you so much , My son has been waiting for this game to arrive and he has been playing the game everyday.Thank you again .
 I brought this for a friend and he loved it . Nice game for pre-teens and teens . Not a lot of violence nor blood shed .
 Every one thousand years , one hundread Mamodo descend upon the earth to conduct the ultimate battle . The winner becomes the mighty king of Mamodo world . There is only one problem
 This is a gameboy advance music player and I want to buy this for my birthday . My birthday is on July 25 1968 .
 I 've been playing Stronghold Crusader for years . The crusader trail has been a source of endless enjoyment . I loved the gameplay and if you are familiar with that game you know that it is somewhere between two and three dimensional.So when I found Crusader 2 and saw all the pictures with 3d characters in hand to hand combat I nearly jumped for joy . But there 's no comparison between the old game and the new game . I like the new elements of the game , such as waste control , prisons , even a fox that comes in for a chicken . But stronghold 2 is not a thrill like Crusader . Stronghold 2 delux takes nearly five minutes to load on a Win XP machine , 512ram , 2.6 ghz processor and 256mb PCIexpress graphics card with a speedy little 80 gig ATA drive . Its a decent machine that was build just after the game was released . Changing resolution detail dose n't affect the load time . Once the game starts you may be dissappointed in how small the maps are . And how few there are . The trail in Stronghold Delux I completed in about three hours . Stronghold Crusader took me three months . The total population your castle can have in this game is very limited . The biggest challenges in Stronghold 2 are finding enough land to place all your buildings and having enough peasants to work at everything you need . The computer characters , except for Olaf , all play about the same . Olaf seems to have an ability to make unlimited berzerkers . I do really like the fact that they made the floor plan of the historical keeps match the actual keeps but the scale is so off its nearly pointless.To really enjoy this game after playing Crusader you need to be prepared for a different paradigm . This game is won by sending out small numbers of troops and the harder -LRB- knight versus spearman -RRB- the better . Crusader I generally win by creating a massive army with three hundred or so members and rush the enemy in a thrilling bloodbath . Stronghold 2 just wo n't let you do that . You just ca n't make that many people . This games does have more 3d graphics but they are n't as good as the movie snippits the older Crusader used .
 Got this yesterday and its awesome !! Fast great framerate amazing graphics outstanding gameplay ! Its not DIRT and its not supposed to be ! Dirt is more of a sim this is more of a arcade racer and a great one at that ! Ill be playing this for a longtime ! If you like arcade style offroad racer get this you wont be sorry !!!! 5 out of 5 for me !!!!!
 Just like any other Sega Rally this game is excellent . I loved the controls , cars and track and the game itself is fun . although as a really game it would 've been much batter if they have released an update to make it compatible with DS3 , which they did n't and this is the only con for this game besides the game menu . Overall I really think that this game is worth buying specially for those who loved the previous Sega Rallys .
 Sega Rally Revo is a great fun game for the bucks spent . Granted its not GT5 , but for me it 's a must have for hours of non stop fun , and enjoyment.Try it you 'll like it .
 It is kind of like playing Dirt except that the track is muddier and harder to control your vehicle .
 Phantasie was one of the first D&D ; type role-playing games I ever played on a computer and that computer was a Commodore 128 . The game graphics would be absolutely primitive by today 's standards but for the time , they were pretty cool . And the game was more open ended that some of the modern games like Dark Messiah and Dungeon Siege.While this game was not first-person , it did not have the third person problems today with the likes of AI . The interface was very simplistic , but when it came to game play , it was very addictive.This game was no dungeon crawl and played out on the map as you went along . From what I remember , it was strictly an outside adventure . And , it was simple enough I did n't need a clue book to finish it.It was a great ride that I 'll always remember . Highly recommended .
 I 've had my Radica lighted solitaire game for a couple of years now . I am very happy with it . I can play it at night with the lights off . It 's very clear to read if the batteries are n't dying . It is n't as easy to win as the former Radica solitaire game , but I find that challenging . It 's palm sized and easy to store in my purse . Sound is optional , and I like the fact that I can play it and not disturb others in the day or night .
 I often play along with watching TV . I find it very relaxing and you do win from time to time , also ! I have had this now for quite a while , and have replaced batteries once , but it works great and I would definitely buy another one . -LRB- The lighted feature works only when it is quite dark , which saves batteries . -RRB-
 I have owned 2 other of these and played them into the ground . I use it at nite before I go to sleep to wind down . Works every time ... just a dim lite and no great need for brain power !
 This is a great game for passing time , it teaches you to be patient instead of hurriedly running through the deck .
 You have to put the CD in then down load each separate game that you want to play . It is a pain ... I barely play it anymore .
 Was very happy to find some games that I can play and relax . I have my favorites plus some new ones I learned too .
 I always look at companion card games , and that they always seem to falter for the computer . Nevertheless , that is how a lot of the computer games really seem to have that . Nevertheless , it is the kind of games that seem to matter , over the actual compilations itself . I really do n't see any of those anymore , infavor of one kind of game that the graphics tell the tale . For eGames , they did it very well with the sequel to its Card & Board Games Deluxe Suite , and the original seems to fair itself very well for a variety of all kinds of games , instead of just one kind of game . eGames is always known for that , with a inexpensive price.eGames Card & Board Games Deluxe Suite , fairs a little better with traditional kinds of games , than its sequel . The game compilation icludes classic kinds of board games like Snakes & Ladders , Ludo -LRB- the original game that Milton Bradley spun-off to create their board game Trouble -RRB- , Lex a game of connecting from side to side , as wellas classic traditional board games like Checkers , Chess & Backgammon . The card games fair a little better than the sequel with traditonal games like Old Maid , Go Fish , Canasta , and Gin Rummy . The compilation also includes some very well recieved puzzle and word games including classic Word Searches , Cryptic Puzzles , which is like Hangman with words & phrases , and some great casino slots and casino versions of Blackjack , video poker , Keno & Roulette.All in all , many people still may not be interested in this compilation by eGames , but iot still is really well recieved for traditional gamers and all kinds of gamers alike . Still , there are a few problems here & there , but this compilation is alright for its purchase.Graphics
 I found Mahjong Master with Patience Elegant . The music is soothing but , do you really need all that animation flying around ? DirectX is needed for some effects . There are tile layouts to choose from , altho some are a bit way out , for my taste , but all in all , this is a nice package , relatively easy to navigate , with solid options.others versions I have tried inculde : Hoyle Solitaire & Mahjong Tiles -LRB- Seirra -RRB- The Good
 As the author of MahJongg Master 5 -LRB- Deluxe Suite -RRB- , I wanted to point out that I 'm surprised by the comment below . What is this about ? < a href = `` http://kyodai.com/i/actual.jpg '' > This kind < / a > of graphical setup can be reproduced in MJM5 , which is approximately based upon the same version of Kyodai Mahjongg as on this screenshot.If these are bad graphics , I do n't know what you 're asking for.Even by today 's standards , MJM5 -LRB- which was released years ago -RRB- still looks good and is pleasant to play . Actually , more people tend to criticize MJM6 -LRB- which is not based on KMJ -RRB- for being a bleak imitation of MJM5.I 'm not a salesman . I just could n't accept , as an author , that this would be the only Amazon.com comment on my work . I 'd appreciate if people could actually look through all of the available graphical themes before judging . Or if you want to judge the game by today 's standards , then do it for the < a href = `` http://kyodai.com/ '' > latest version < / a > -- and only that one . Thank you .
 It is a lot of fun . My grandchildren likes playing the game to .
 Unfortunately , this game is way too addictive . I must play every night and even though I put a limit on the time I end up saying `` just one more '' over and over again . Definitely a winner on many levels !
 I had to force myself away from this game . Very addicting ! ... especially during a lazy rainy day !
 I have enjoyed this game as well as all of the computer games that I have purchased . In the future can you send me an updated list or what ever of your new computer games of this calibar and or catergory to me , I would very much appreciate it . Thank you again.Menya Liddell
 I enjoy playing this game along with it 's extra decoration and movements .
 Did you ever imagine a computer game in which you can summon a marble to roll up impossibly steep stairs and leap gigantic walls ? How about sending it over fans , through mud , and even into space ? And , to top it all off , how about losing a game by letting the marble fall off the track at a forty-five degree angle into the sky?When we went to purchase Marble Blaster , none of that went through my mind . I had different expectations for this -- but after overcoming the first mazes , listening to the zany sound effects , and jarring my nerves as I tried to keep my marble from falling into space -- my expectations were shattered to bits , and I 'm glad they were.The creators of this game showed tremendous imagination . Some challenges they put in to the seventy-three levels are a matrix of half-pipes , a Skee-ball replica , and a couple of tornadoes that will easily blow your marble off-course . Then , there are two mazes that will keep you trying to solve them for days . As you progress through the three skill levels , you 'll come across different objects that 'll cushion the marble after a high fall , bounce it over walls , and warp gravity so that it pulls the marble toward the sky or the horizon . As if that were n't zany enough , you have to beat several levels within the time limit.Sure , it 's not absolutely everything that a creative nitpicker like myself would want ; seeing an unchanging psychedelic marble after several years of use gets tedious , and -- this was a major letdown -- if you buy this , chances are that you 're going to see a dormant `` Editor '' tab in the levels menu . After unlocking all of the game 's levels , the tab still did n't work . I consulted eGames and learned that the tab is a holdover from the developers ' work , so you ca n't create or customize levels . -LRB- Not to worry ; this tab does n't cause the operating system to crash . -RRB- Another setback
 One of my SpEd MI students is completely hooked on this game . It is very similar to all the Crazy Machine games , but it must be easier , because I have both , & this is the one he plays with the most often . The play is building contraptions to perform a given task
 This item do n't need any introduction but if you miss playing with the joystick with these classics is worth every penny .
 The only reason i bought this product was to play Ms pacman at home with a joystick . It works ok , not great since it 's kinda tricky to get used to the joystick being so skinny and the base so small compared to the new `` plug and play retro arcade pacman '' . now that one works perfect!Can ' t complain tho , if you like Ms pacman you gon na want to buy this joystick but i 've had and still have more fun playing Pacman plus on the retro arcade newer model from 2009 . Hopefully a Pacman collection with all the pacman arcade games including Ms pacman will come out soon or at least Namco makes a joystick for xbox 360 arcade classics , now that 'll be awesome !
 I got very impressed it never blows out and it is the best light of the century
 This is a great addition to the game boy . Although it has a slight glare , the overall picture is terrific . You do n't have to adjust to find the right angle of light . Just adjust it to where ever you need it to be .
 This light provided enough light for me to play the Gameboy Advance , Gameboy Color , and Gameboy Pocket . Highly recommended for any Gameboy .
 This light attaches fairly securely and works ok , but it is not as bright as i had hoped . Ok for the cost .
 This is a really nice idea but it 's not nice enough . The only problem is that it blocks the screen . It has really nice lighting.I rate the visiblity of the screen when it 's on 3 out of 5 . I rate the lighting 5 out of 5 . So on the whole I rate it 4 out of 5 .
 I received my first Worm Light for Christmas about two years ago . It was great for about 7 months until my dog ate it . About a year later my parents bought me another one . I love the worm light it is great for traveling . I have used it on airplanes , cars , and at night in my bed . -LRB- It is great at night when your parents tell you to `` turn the lights off , it is time for bed '' -RRB- . I gave this product 5 stars because I think it is one of the most useful Gameboy products Nintendo has ever put out .
 I 've had it a little over a week and am very im pressed . Altough it has a bit og a glare , it lets you adjust the small light to your liking . Even tough I think that it should be less than what it cost , I still like it and plan on keeping it . If you mostly play in the dark and are with out one I recomend this product for you . Sincerely , Hillary
 This looks like a good idea for playing int he dark . for the next revewer i have a question
 All of my three boys have a Game Boy Color , and lighting was a major problem in the G.B.C until this revolutionary product came out . It does have a slight reflection in the screen , but what light does n't ? Besides , you can adjust the light , so that the reflection is in the black part of the screen.Making a light that does not need batteries or ext. power was ingenious ! Even though this product uses power from the Game Boy Color 's acessary port , I have noticed hardly any difference in battery consumption because of it 's relatively small light bulb.ABSOLUTELY A GREAT PRODUCT
 After reading many reviews about this light -LRB- both pro and con -RRB- , I have to say that I agree with both sides ! The light works very well for lighting the screen , providing it is adjusted properly ! It does give off of an extremely annoying glare , as other reviewers have complained about.However , I took a tip from another reviewer and stretched out the neck about 70 % so that it 's not quite straight , but still has slight twists in the neck . This adjustment basically about doubled the distance of the light from the screen . Be very careful when doing this because the neck appears to be rather flimsy and might break under rough adjustments.Now that the light covers the whole screen area , I tilted the neck/light head toward the top of the Gameboy , so that the bright glare spot appears in the black border area of the screen . The final step is to tilt the actual light a bit toward the bottom of the Gameboy so that the light covers the entire screen . Voila , now you have a very good amount of light illuminating the Gameboy screen , and the annoying glare is at the top black border and does n't interfere with the playing area.All in all , a good product , but could be designed a bit better/tougher . BTW ... . We noticed maybe 20 % more battery loss during a week of typical use . Not bad considering that the usual magnifying light units eat AAA 's like there is no tomorrow !
 The worm light is a very good accessory due to fact that no unecessary shadows are cast over the game boy screen . This device also uses the game link port on the game boy color so extra batteries are not needed . I can fit the worm light into my gameboy case without a problem because it is so compact . To all parents that are looking for something for their childs game boy , buy this because it is convenient for them and it is not budget busting either
 I 've tried just about every other light/magnafying device out there for the Gameboy and let me say that NONE of them work worth a damn . That is until the WormLight . This was my last resort for playing games with little or no light . It works excellent ! Like all the lights there is some glare but it is minimal compared to the cometition and this light actually lights up the whole screen . The other lights tend to just light the sides of the screen . Bottom line , if you own a Gameboy BUY THIS LIGHT ! I use it even when I 'm playing in the daytime as it provides a much brighter , clearer picture .
 The Nyko WormLight is a must for gameboy color users ! This unique white light really brings out the colors in the games and I ca n't imagine ever playing without it ! Great for kids , traveling in dark , and low lighted areas !
 the WormLight from Nyko is pretty sweet ! it plugs into the game link cable goes , and provides a bright , white light for many hours while using battery power from the system , BUT , since its leeching the life from the batteries , the effect is minimal to the batteries , i noticed that 2AA batteries provide about a game life of 20 hours , with the Nyko WormLight thats down to 19 hours ! Other light accessories require there OWN power source , and last at most 10 hours for 2AA or 2AAA batteries ! You cant go wrong with this Light !
 This is really good accessory to have for your Game Boy . The best thing about it you do n't need to buy batteries for it all the time and never have to change the light source . It lights up the face of the Game Boy in any darkness . In fact , you can also use it as a flash light . The only thing I do n't like is the glare of the light on the screen , but you can change the postion to reduce the glare . Over all it 's great for all Game Boy players .
 This is a must have for Game Boy Color . Works great and does n't seem to effect my battery life at all ! If you are sick of twisting and turning to be able to see the screen on Game Boy Color , get this !
 I bought this after reading many of the reviews . I figured if I did n't like it , I could go back to not playing in the dark . Well , it arrived , and I attached it to my GB , and there was this big glare spot right on the screen . So I did as most of the people who have reviewed this did . I moved the light around til the glare was in the black part of the screen . Well , it still did n't illuminate well enough , so I stretched it out as far as I could . Still the light was bright but did n't cover enough of the screen . The only way I found to stretch the light out far enough that it covered the screen well enough to see without the big glare spot was to untwist the cord so it was straight , then bend it where it plugged in , and at the light end . Then shift it around so the glare spot was in the black part of the screen , and , wow , it actually covered enough of the screen to see without the glare . So , I think perhaps if Nyko had put a longer cord on the thing it would work better . But , I 'm happy with mine , and glad I can still play my GB in the dark . Hope this helped .
 The new WormLight is pretty cool ! I think it 's great to have it plug into your GameBoy . It barly even wastes any of your batteries .
 This is a great light for gameboy!I use to get mad because I could n't see the screen at night on the road and try to use street lights to see which was not fun or easy!But once i got this I could see it with out any trouble or without my mom and dad telling me to shut the light off . the best part is that it doesnt use up battery !!!! Well any way thanks to whom ever made this !!
 If you have a GBC and you do n't have one of these then you do n't really have a fully functional GBC ; - -RRB-
 this light is super cool its small it dosent need its own battries you just hook it up to your GBC and you dont need to replace the bulb and when you hook it up to your GBC you can ajust it to however you are comfortable with and no matter how dark it is it will always light up your screen really good your GBC is never complete without on of these you wont be disapointed if you buy it .
 This is so neat ! My son always use to sit next to lamps so he could see the screen . Now he has no problem wherever he goes ! It really brings out the color in the games .
 This is alright but it waste your battery power 2 times faster than it would usually waste . An d if you a big time player I would suggest you would n't use it alot only when you really want to play at night .
 Great for backseat entertainment at night . The design requires no batteries -LRB- other than the original power source -RRB- and no bulb changes - all you have to do is plug it into the link cable outlet while in use and unplug it -LRB- so you do n't bust it -RRB- when you are done . It fits up against the Gameboy in just about any carrying case .
 Great white light source . Only problem is on one spot on your screen there 's a small white dot
 This light is the best that I have ever used for my game boy . It does cause some glare but not enough to make it impossible to play the game . I use my light all the time - light or dark - and I nevr have any trouble seeing what is going on . This brings out the best color quality the Game Boy has , before this it was hard to tell whether Link was wearing green or blue .
 Between my husband , myself , cousin , and his children we have 5 worm lights between us . I do n't know how we played the game boy without it ! We have n't noticed any change in our battery usage . Nyco made a great product here .
 The Wormlight is a must for game boy lovers ! It is very small but gives off tons of light . There is a slight glare on the screen but that does n't make any difference . It needs no batteries except those of the Game Boy . It is also great for car trips . The Wormlight is a great inventoin . GET THIS TOY !
 I bought a worm light for my gameboy color and though it is extremely helpfull for use in the dark it can also be in the way a little bit . For example it has a tendancy to shine alot of light on 1 area and not another . Also mine , on numerous occations , got loose and fell out of my gameboy , wich as you know in the dark can be incredibly annoying and can cause you to lose the game . Also a small amount of times it got in my way so that i could not see the screen .
 This light is a must have ... Get the purple one as is is better for seeing the screen . Try green or yellow and You will see what I mean , I returned My green one only because it did not match my purple game boy color , then found out the purple one is better !!
 First of all it 's small enough to keep the gameboy `` pocket '' instead of making the contraption too big to carry with you like the other lights available . Secondly , it runs off of the gameboy 's power supply rather than requiring it 's own batteries . But best of all , the worm light itself looks just too cool !
 My 14 year old son states the light worked pretty good at first . If you maneuver it too much , it becomes loose at the top and sometimes it does n't work unless you jiggle it . It also glares off the screen .
 This is a must have accessory for all gamers . My kids use it while they travel in the car , in restaurants while waiting for their food . It makes the picture more clear to see in a darker room/area . I found it helpful especially at indoor . However , it is quite diffult to adjust the glare of the light and because of that I took one star away . But once you figure to adjust it toward the black boarder , it works fine .
 I have had several handhelds over the years from the Game Gear to the Gameboy and this is the best light source I 've seen yet . It is extremely bright and though occasionally you can see the reflection of itself in the screen if you move it around a little you can always find a good viewing angle . The flexibility of the light source also makes it great to aim the light in a specific direction . The fact that it uses no more batteries than the ones that are already in your Gameboy is another great addition , and so far I have noticed no considerable extra drain . In fact this light is so bright I often use it for reading besides just using it for my gameboy . A great device overall .
 This is the best thing that you could buy for your Gameboy . I have tried other lights and nothing works as good as this one . I no longer have to shift positions to get light on my screen . I have even played in the dark with this light .
 Get It ! Just be sure to position the light correctly - make it so that the glare from the bulb ends up on the black border area surrounding the screen . You 'll be very happy after buying this .
 This cute little light that come in five colors -LRB- Blue , Pink , Green , Yellow , and Purple -RRB- is so awesome ! It can be used to illuminate any Game Boy system -LRB- such as Game Boy , Game Boy Pocket , and Game Boy Color -RRB- . It is great for travel in airplanes , darkness , etc. . I highly recommend it !
 Well , I got a gameboy , For christmas.My friend had a worm light , and my mom saw it and bought one for me . You know first opinions are not always the best so i thought it would not work . I tried it.It worked like a charm ! I have had it for about two years now and I have used it every time since then ! it is the best gameboy accessorie . I love it !!!! If you have a game boy and you are searching for a light you should definetly buy this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! p.s. choose the lime green !
 It lights up your gameboy quickly and easily . I wish it had a passthru port on it for gamelinking but oh well .
 I ca n't even play without this awesome light . You can totally play in absolute darkness , it 's awesome ! Besides the glare it 's pretty cool , and a great price , jeesh .
 This product is a must have for all Gameboy Color owners because the screen is not backlit so it is hard to see unless in direct light . With this you can play it anywhere . Also if you are a fan of linking up with another gameboy you can purchase one with a pass through connection . It is AWESOME !
 This ables you to play gameboys in the dark ! Or like when you go outside after 5:00 it 's dark ! So this is great for gameboys and it is at a great price !!
 This light is what every one needs . It runs down the batteries quicker than they would with out it , but it helps alot . I use it when ever I play even if it is not dark . It is a big help .
 The game Major League Baseball 2K7 are excellent it allows to play per hours and it is very amusing.Very good , it can be used by children , parents , grandparents , it allows to foment the healthy competition among friends.I recommend it thoroughly .
 this game is amazing . It had great graphics plus the up to date lineups ever . I showed my friends this game the next day they all had it on there game systems no joke . One word for this game is `` AWESOME . ''
 Another gift for my husband ! He says , it 's too soon to rate the game . He is still getting acclimated .
 The game is very good - graphics are excellent . Where this game has faults is in the audio . Much of the commentary does not match what is happening on the field . It is a big disappointment from the audio side .
 It 's as tough as the league . I swear you can be up six runs and all of a sudden you could lose the game by 5 . This game really focuses on the pitching which is what the game is all about .
 my friend got one of these and the glare is non-existent if you have it pointed right or have no-glare glasses . this is way better than the bulky handypak .
 The Nyko Wormlight is just fabulous . It turns the GBC into a flawless handheld . The power it takes is minimal .
 the good news is that you can play gameboy all the time . this little gadget plugs neatly into a side socket and provides a nice light to make the screen usable . there is definitely a reflection that is a bit annoying , but careful positioning of the light source seems to help . it pops out easily and is quite portable , so you do n't mind carrying it around . and , from what i can see , it does n't seem to drain batteries noticeably faster . although you will play more and longer , so expect to be using up more of those puppies ... the bad news is that you can -LRB- and in my case - will -RRB- play more often . plus , it 's easy to hold on to , so the kids can sneak into easily under the covers when they 're supposed to be going to sleep . however , in the grand scheme of things , these are the prices we pay for an ever-evolving society.for the price , it 's a handy addition . if you have n't already , go ahead and splurge .
 This is a good add-on for your gameboy . It allows you to play in the dark or in the car . I am pleased with this perchase , it is well worth the money .
 I bought this tiny light for my berry pink GBC because I 'd like to play it in the dark like on the plane or during long distance trips . It is very bright and it stays in place with the GBC . There is one minor problem is that you do n't just plug in and use it without adjusting the angle , because it is so bright that it will block your sight with the reflection on the screen , so you will have to move it up a bit while using it . But that 's the main reason for them to make it worm-like , right ? So yea , this light is very useful , durable , and portable . Recommended !
 I 've had this for over a year now and it still works great , i own two gameboys , and it works better on the gameboy color than it does on the gameboy pocket -LRB- it gets a little picky when its not in the right position or if it 's knocked out of place a little bit -RRB- but overall , it 's totally worth the money and i would definately buy another if this one ever breaks
 This is a great idea . I do n't know what I would do without this little gadget . Sometimes though you need to reposition so there is n't a glare on the screen .
 After deciding to get back into D&D after a long layoff I went to a store to see if there were any new books I might want . I got this -LRB- AND the expansion -RRB- instead . As a DM , I ca n't get over how much time it saves me . It is great for generating NPC 's and encounters , as well as maps . Since all the basic D&D books are available , looking up stuff -LRB- if you know where to go -RRB- is handy . And maintaining characters and printing out new records after going up a level -LRB- or other significant changes -RRB- is really wonderful -LRB- especially for my kids who are n't so good at keeping records -RRB- . I am able to develop and maintain a much more detailed adventure world in a lot less time . And another big plus - there are quite a few web sites with stuff that can be downloaded and imported -LRB- npc 's , monsters , magic items , maps , etc. -RRB- . Doing it is easy.Now for the drawbacks
 This Software for AD&D is a real must have . The first thing about this software is the ease of installing and use . Making Charters and editing them has gotten better in this one . Futher more Making monsters , NPC 's , and simple maps with the map maker does get easer with use . There is one draw back though . The campain map maker is a bit diffacult to use and the Tutoral does n't work in some of the early verisons , like the one I have , and you must download a patch to fix that problem.Of course , in the expantion for 2.0 , they rectife the problem .
 For those of you us who owned version 1.0 of the AD&D ; Core Rules CD-Rom , a revision is a long time in coming . Version 1.0 was a mess , with inconsistencies , broken programs , and a general feeling that TSR rushed it out as soon as possible without a whole lot of quality control -LRB- not an uncommon theme with TSR pre-WOTC takeover -RRB- . I 'm happy to say they fixed a few problems . They also created a few more.There are some staple elements that make you wonder why you ever bought any rule books . There 's no less than nine of them , even more than version 1.0 . Of course , that led me to wonder where the other ones were . Where 's the Complete Book of ? The Wizard 's Spellbooks ? It does n't matter . That 's for Version 3.0 . Something seems to have happened to the Monster Manual , however . The pictures are no longer neatly displayed next to the descriptions . Instead , they 're crammed into the RTF documents like the rest . Who wants to look at a monsterful of naked text?What you will find is a hand-dandy number crunching program that allows you to make sense of all those Player 's Option rules . I actually enjoyed this system , even if it was a bit awkward , because the Player 's Option rules can make creating a character a much more complicated process.Then there 's the database . This database allows you to customize various objects , from magic items to monsters to encounters to kits . Which is neat . But only kits , and kits in the Players Option sense . Which means the kits are very weak . Also , there 's a bit of confusion between giving a kit a bonus to a proficiency , a free proficiency , a preferred proficiency , and a required proficiency . Forget customizing classes -- THOU SHALT NOT TOUCH THE CORE RULES ! Okay , so it 's not THAT customizable.I forgive all that . Having the cash equivalent of over $ 100 on a CD makes it worth the investment , especially if you 're fond of hacking up the rules and want to insert your own house rules . To me , one of the biggest benefits of having AD&D ; rules in electronic text is what you can do with them.What I ca n't forgive , however , is the mapping programs.They tried . They tried very hard by including the Campaign Cartographer , which proved to be exceptionally dense and not particularly effective in mapping anything at all . I suspect it can be used by someone capable who wants to sit down and read the instruction manual , only there is none that accompany the CD . But that 's not all ! There 's also another mapping program , the original mapping program that came with Version 1.0 , Map Maker II.That collective groan you 're hearing in the background is from anyone who ever bought the first version . The reason they 're groaning is because that sorry excuse for a mapping program did n't work . The good news is , it works now.That 's about it though . Worse , it 's not exportable to any useful graphics format . No . pds , . bmps , . gifs . or jpgs . What good is this map ? It works , but it 's not even compatible with the Campaign Cartographer on the same CD!Ultimately , the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons Core Rules CD-ROM 2.0 does what it 's supposed to do
 The Core Rules CD-ROM is a great utility for DM 's . If you are a player , most of the stuff contained in it will be practically useless , except for the player creation and the books . If you are a player , the best thing to do is show this to your DM because it will be a bigger help to him than you . Actually , having your entire gaming group pitch in for this , so the DM can have a copy would probably be the best idea . The player creation is great . It simplifies the sometime long procedure of creating a character . And if you 'd rather roll up your character with pencil , paper , and dice , you can still enter your character for a hard copy rather than having the computer roll it up for you . The map making utility is practically useless . The maps do n't look that good , and there are too few icons . The DM tools simplifiy the DM 's life a lot . NPC 's , random encounter tables , and the like can be created in a matter of minutes . The books that it comes with are nice to have , but they will never replace the original hard-bound paper versions . Who wants to go to their computer to look up a rule in the middle of a game , when they can have their book right there on the table with them ? Not me . If you are new to D&D , do n't buy this as a replacement for the books . Buy the Paper version of the Players Handbook . If you are a DM and are looking for a time saver , like I was , this is the thing for you .
 This is a must have if you are into d & d. t is great with or without the expansion pack . You can look up just about anything , and the mapmaker is a lot better then it used to be in version 1.0 . The graphics are better , and the charecter creation is a lot easier then before . But for those of you who are not very good at using computers you might have some trouble at first , but as you use ut more and more it is a lot better . Most people would say it is out of date , but I waited 20 days for this present from christmas of 1999 and it was well worth the 20 days of boring waiting
 If you are a DM This product is just for you . -LRB- it makes mapmaking not so much of a hasstle ! -RRB-
 I think that it is the GREATEST Gameboy lite ever . I have another lite + magnifier + stereo attachment . Its lite stinks . I like the Wormlite way better . ...
 Extremely helpful in dark situations , worth the money ! Have had no problems with this product at all .
 This is a must for all you GameBoy people out there ! It is the best lighting source for the gameboy . No extra batteries are needed and it never needs a new lightbulb . It provides very good light and no glare at all . This is great make sure you buy it !
 The Nyko WormLight is great . It is fully bendable , and does n't have batteries . It uses the GameBoy 's Batteries . None of that tiresome dis-assembling to take out a minute battery.It does glare a tiny bit , but , still , the overall result is great .
 THis is the best light that nintendo can have . For one thing It does n't use up the batteries that fast , and another thing is that You never have to replace light bulbs or batteries in it . And it is a whole lot better than having a big maginifined glass with two lights on each side when the magnifined glass does n't even work
 This light works great for playing on your Gameboy . I have used these for a long time and they last . Your batteries die a bit faster but that is to be expected
 I bought these for my three sons . They work great , and the boys are thrilled . They give a surprising amount of light and bend easily . Do n't hesitate to buy one !
 I bought this item and it broke in one day ! The wires are tiny and break easily when a child adjusts the light , unless we just had a defective one . I recommend the new and improved superbright wormlight from Nyko instead . It has a shorter coil and stronger plug-in so is more easily adjusted . It also has a pass-thru for the link cable .
 I have the worm light and I can play games in the Dark . And you can get them in fun colors . But It does use up more of the battery power
 the worm light is great to have . i find myself playing games at night . i hate having to keep getting up at night to turn on the lights to play a game . the worm light enhances your light for better game play . the only reason i scored it as a four star is because it sucks the life out of my batteries so i have to constantly go change them if i want to stay up at night and play a game .
 I think this is a good invention , but it does have one flaw to it . It causes a glare on the screen of the game boy so you ca n't see where you are or who 's coming at you . Other than that this is a pretty handy light for playing in your room when you 're supposed to be asleep .
 This thing is great ! ... It runs forever , does n't need batteries , plugs into your link cable slot on the side of your gameboy , you can pick a color that matches with your gameboy , the `` white light '' system cuts down the glare , ... I use it everytime I turn on my gameboy even if the lights are on !
 The worm light that I got -LRB- seeing as how it was used -RRB- was unbent so it was striaght and not curled like in the picture . however this can be pretty much fixed by wrapping it around a pencil . Please be aware that yours may be the same . Mine still works well , as specified .
 Well lets just say , kids sometimes know best when it come to video games . My 8 yr old daughter wanted a wormlight for her gbc , she kept saying the kids in school have the `` worm `` light so i assumed she was just following the crowd ... i saw that the light with the magnifing glass and the wormlight was the same price , ... so `` I '' thought , she would think that the light that came with the magnifing glass and other attachments would be the greatest thing ... BOY WAS I WRONG ... it stunk !!!! it ate up 3 sets of batteries in 2 days ... the worm light doesnt need seperate batteries it just plugs into the side of the gbc . She has had the same batteries for days now ... I strongly suggest going with the wormlight .
 This is a good little light -- except for the one glare spot it produces on the screen , which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . It really does make playing easier , though , once you adjust the light to get the glare spot out of the way . Worth the price .
 We have this light for my son 's Game Boy color . It works better than I would have thought for an item that does n't seem to be much to it . It does cause a glare spot on the screen but that can be dealt with . Our only issue with the light is it tends to fall out of the side of the Game Boy fairly easily . This can be annoying for a young child -LRB- mine 's 6 -RRB- but it is easy to plug back in . I think this is a little over priced at 9.99 .
 This is one of those `` Why ca n't everyone have one ? '' This helps you see the game in the car when it 's like 4:00 and you 're in for a long drive . No more , `` There 's not enough light , so turn it off . ''
 Using a Nyko Worm Light is a very good way to get light on your screen . Although it blocks the screen it 's still very useful . It 's even a very preety color , blue.This is a must for any gamer .
 I bought a handy pak color when they first came out it worked great but the button fell off and it was useless . This light is good because you can bend it to where you want it .
 I have had my light for a while and it has not messed up or flickered at all . This is a perfect gift for a gameboy freak like me .
 The WormLight is SSOO cool ! If you just plug it in to your Game Boy it turns on ! It 's that simple . It does n't need any batteries or chargers ... It uses the Game Boy batteries instead ! It gives light in a dark/low light area for maximum playing ability . It also looks cool . You can also bend it anywhere . You ca n't afford to miss this great offer . : ^ -RRB-
 During the past 2 years , I have tried numerous light/magnifiers . I even asked for and received the `` HandyPak '' for CGB as a Christmas gift . Although the joystick buttons and speakers were great , the light was hideous . Its heat , along with the magnifier screen , attracted lint to both screens . In addition , the glare was terrible and not all of the screen was illuminated . When I got the new Asteroids color game , I thought I had wasted my money . It was a black background and I could not make out any objects on the screen , even in bright light . Then , I found the Worm Light . It is compact , easy to use , requires no separate power source , AND illuminates the screen beautifully . True there is a slight glare in one tiny spot , but it has not affected my game play at all . In fact , my play has improved substantially as a result of being able to see the game screen so much better . Also , the true beauty of the CGB 's color capabilities was evident with this wonderful product . If you only buy one accessory for your CGB , this is the ONE . It makes game play in total darkness possible and even FUN
 This light is for game boy . It 's great for travel . All those times I 've lost great scores when I 'm are in the car and I ca n't see well enough to go on ... If only I had this then ! It 's really simple ... just plug it into the link cable oulet and you 've got light ! A must have !
 My son , who is 13 , loves this light . The light is very bright and the product works well . It does use up batteries quite a bit faster , but since he only needs to use the light occasionally it 's not a problem .
 i bought this a few weeks ago and it ` s great ! i do n`t have to buy batteries for this thing . the only problem is that it drains the batteries faster . that ` s why i give it 4 stars . if you have a rechargeable battery this gadget works just fine !
 This is so easy to use . You just put it in your gameboy and it lights up . Thats it . It is the best light I have seen . It works in any light . This is a must buy for gameboy lovers .
 I received the CD in record time & in great shatpe & it works great . Would order again.Thanks again
 I hardly ever leave my computer without playing Pyramid solitare - my favorite Hoyle card game . It is wonderful . I fear I may need to join Hoyle anonymous , in order to get everything I need to get done in a day . Thanks Amazon for providing me an economical way to spend my spare time . June Dunaphant
 I bought this game and love it ! While I 'm not sure how fast it would have played in its CD version , my DVD player worked very quickly -LRB- plus you never have to change CDs , which can be very annoying when you change game areas -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 Just had to comment regarding disc swapping , you can do a custom install with any version available , and simply select all the checkboxes . You have to do this , a `` full '' install will still have disc-swapping . So what benefit does the DVD version get you ? Faster install , thanks to lack of disc swapping during installation and you can save space on your hard drive by leaving some data on the dvd , vs doing so on cd again has you disc swapping.Chances are these benefits do n't mean much to you , since installation is a one time thing and hard drive space just is n't at a premium anymore . It 's 2.5 gigs for a `` true '' full install of BG1.Anyway , absolutely wonderful games , but I ca n't really recommend the dvd edition unless you can get it for about the same price as the cd version .
 I think everyone who loves a good RPG game has to play this game . Even KNOWING the storyline it 's riveting . With all the mod content out there to download you can revisit in numerous ways the same storyline . The twists , interactions , romance -LRB- yes romance -RRB- , and subtle jokes in this game are worth seeking out . I 've many of the newer games , but every so often I reinstall BG to play it again .
 Game is as promised and it came sooner than anticipated . Would do business with again if the need arises .
 This is the first RPG that I 've ever played on computer , and I 'm enjoying every aspect of Baldur 's Gate . The game manual and Adobe Acrobat Reader is on the disc so the user can switch between playing the game and reading the manual if you ever have to refer to the manual for help with game play . You 'll have to open 2 windows and use the ALT + TAB keys to quickly switch between the screens . My version of Baldur 's Gate - DVD came as one disc in a bundled software package when I bought my computer ; therefore , I do n't know if a printed game manual is available when Baldur 's Gate is purchased by itself . Although I have created 5 different types of characters you can only use 1 for each game , and I do n't know how many characters can be created . I do n't know how many games can actually be saved either , but I have saved 10 so far . The game has a feature that automatically saves your game periodically , but I have n't paid attention as to how often the game auto-saves . I find the auto-save function most helpful when I make a bad decision that kills my character or if I get into a melee that I should n't have gotten into . Keep in mind that if you load your game from the last time Baldur 's Gate auto-saved then you may be starting the game in a place up to a few hours before your character died . Baldur 's Gate is easy to learn and all game actions can be carried out using only the mouse , including pausing the game . Without knowing what it 's like to play other fantasy role-playing games I can not say that this is THE best RPG on the market , but I would recommend Baldur 's Gate to anyone who enjoys fantasy RPGs , especially those of the AD&D background who have n't tried an AD&D PC game yet .
 Why in the world would ANYONE prefer a CD version over a DVD version ? There is actually a review that says DVD is `` slower '' . Is that person from another planet ? Are we talking the same technology here ? DVD blows CD versions away with FAR more data space and NO DISC SWAPPING ! Baldur 's Gate is a game with a LOT of disc swapping ... unless you have a DVD-Rom . With the DVD version there is NO disc swapping . NONE . Ask yourself how that could possibly be slower . DVD games , including this one , are the BEST format for games . Get them while you can , they can be hard to find .
 The best RPG that I have ever played . Amazing graphics put together with a great story line , make Baldur 's Gate a must buy !
 I really enjoyed the sarcasm involved in the dialog and the interaction of the Bard and the Narrator . The storyline was good and did a great job incorporating song and instrumentals befitting the Bard . The Trow 's Ooompa-Loompa-like song series of `` It 's Bad Luck To Be You , '' is hilarious . Improvements could be made in mapping and having an adjustable `` camera angle . ''
 My dad used to play this game but I was not allowed to play it until i was 13 . When i did get to start playing it i got hooked . It took me 4 -LRB- ish -RRB- years to complete the first disk because i kept starting new games and was playing them . When i tried to start the next disk it said i had n't finished the first so i just went back to one of my other games and played them . And that is what i am still doing .
 This game is wonderful ! It is far different from typical RPGs . Although , I do wish it had a multiplayer mode , and I do n't like how once you miss a chance to get a token , it 's gone forevere .
 I 've had it a week and cant stop playing it . Wonderful , funny RPG . I look forward to re-playing it to try out what I missed the first time around .
 Great voice acting all around , especially from Cary Elwes , who plays the bard . He 's done a bit of voice-acting these days , and I hope he continues to do so , because he is very good.He is very funny in this game , and it 's worth the hack 'n' slash bits that can get a bit boring to get to the funny bits . OK , I 've said bit way too many times there , but you get my meaning.edit - It would be obscene not to mention Tony Jay as the narrator , who does an incredible job with that unique voice of his . I dare say he steals a couple scenes from the bard IMHO.The gameplay itself is standard fair . If you played hack and slash RPG type games , you already know the drill . Funny thing is the game itself makes fun of the very genre it 's in . I do n't like the camera controls that much , and it does n't give a chase camera option , so it gets a bit annoying after awhile . Also the top down angle does get some getting used to as well . Graphics are nice to look at , but nothing super special.It 's really the dialogue and funny scenes that happen that make this game worth getting . There are some fun movie references/homages I 've noticed as well , like Spinal Tap and Willy Wonka . No Princess Bride yet , though I 'm still in the beginning of the game ! -LRB- Or I missed it already -RRB- : -RRB-
 This game is slightly bent towards adult humor and I might even go so far as to suggest that it reminds me of the classic Monty Python british humor . But not due to the main character 's accent . It has more to do with the running commentary and recurring joke elements.Definitely an old-style game , I found some aspects of it oversimplified . The first glitch I noticed had to do with traveling on the World Map . If I encountered any of the monsters there , the game would crash . I learned to try to avoid these encounters , but there were a few times that I had to reload and try again . I also learned early to use all the save points , even when they seem relatively close to one another . I did n't notice anything else negative until my character made 16th level . At that point , the game got a bit screwy and I had to go in search of a patch.Overall , I enjoyed this game much more than I expected to . Especially for the price that I paid for it . But I guess that is partly due to the fact that I am a board gamer from waaay back , and that means that I am easily entertained .
 To be honest , The Bard 's Tale is n't the Bard 's Tale from the 80 's ... but this nice spin on the three classics -LRB- which , by the way , are included normally with this 3d action/rpg game -RRB- will keep you in stitches for most of the game . Being linear might disappoint some out there , but over all The Bard 's Tale delivers on witticisms , action , and all-out fun . Graphics are great -LRB- from the time this was made -RRB- , and on a fairly decent computer , you 'll have no problems whatsoever . I have never had one crash or lockup with this game.The interface CAN be a pain to deal with , and the healing leaves a lot to be desired . The best option to heal -LRB- out of the two you 'll have -RRB- is to summon the healer as a member of your party . In my opionion , the comments the Bard makes in general and specifically are enough to warrent the price . Considering it 's cheaper now than it ever has been , run and pick up a copy today .
 This game is really fun ... my complaints were that it is pretty much linear in it 's design without many choices in dialogue & exploration . The graphics were choppy on my system -LRB- but I have a better system now & have n't tried it on this one yet -RRB- The game is hilarious in parts . I can still hear those nasty little goblins ? singing ... In summary if you want a game that provides a good diversion for a short amount of time -LRB- about 20 hours -RRB- this one is worth the money . I would buy a used copy though ... replay value is really non-existent .
 This game was a blast to play and very funny . Excellent graphics , sound and game play . Only draw back was the game play was to short for me . The first go was the best . I loved the fun character narrative and songs !!! I laughed a lot and was spell bond !!! Well worth the money for the fun !!!
 In this game you are the Bard - a wise-cracking smartass on a quest to rescue the beautiful princess Caleigh . The game is jam-packed full of little quests & adventures while maintaining a good storyline . The cons of the game are that each scene does need to load & sometimes there is a bit of lag in certain places . I would n't like to play this on an older computer as mine being brand new there was still an amount of lag to be annoying , especially in the middle of a battle . It was n't as bad as I expected -LRB- from reading other reviews -RRB- however . Overall , it is a great game , very funny all the way to the end .
 As a bonus feature on the disk , this game contains the full version of Bard 's Tale I through III . I used to play these games back in 1990s . They are three great classic RPGs in their own right . To me , for the price of -LSB- ... -RSB- the classic games alone are worth it .
 The Bard 's Tale -LRB- BT -RRB- is a good change of pace . The Bard is a mercenary of sorts looking to score women , fortune , and drink . He has a keenly sarcastic tongue and makes a point to only take action when he has something to gain personally . The storyline is entertaining and funny with cut scenes that have good voice acting . The cut scenes make this game . The atmosphere of the tavern in Houton is well planned and enjoyable . You get to decide what course to take the conversation -LRB- nasty or nice -RRB- and being nice is not always the correct path . The humor pokes fun at the storyline and adventure stereotypes . The humor is not for everyone , but I found it entertaining . Do n't get me wrong BT does n't take the place of Baldur 's Gate , but it is certainly better than the industry reviewers rated it.But , this game offers more than just a storyline . The combat in BT is fun . The Bard is a mixture of fighter and amateur conjurer . The Bard has the option of fighting with sword and shield , two weapons , two-handed weapons , and a flail . You control when the Bard attacks and blocks . The action is not limited to the same repetitive swing , the combat is dynamic as the attack causes body to shift positions and then attack from a different angle . I especially enjoyed the two weapon fighting . The Bard can also call upon several types of conjured creatures to support him . These creatures vary in abilities like front line fighters , ranged attackers , healers , trap detectors/disarm . The amount of creatures that can be summoned vary based on the equipment in his possession and his abilities . The character advancement follows a similar -LRB- yet simpler -RRB- pattern as Dungeons & Dragons . For each level you gain you can increase your attributes and get talents every few levels . The perspective camera can be shifted to any direction -LRB- but not to first person -RRB- , which was a helpful feature.BT does have its drawbacks . In combat , you get bounced around when you are hit kind of like an old Nintendo game . The game controls do feel like it was made for game consoles . The character advancement options are very limited . It makes sense for game storyline , but makes replayability basically zero . The storyline is very linear so again do n't expect replayability . There are a couple of strange things that some may like and others will hate . When you pick up something it is instantly converted to currency unless it is better than previously attained equipment and the old equipment is then sold automatically.A few technical notes
 Ok , I dont know if this version will be an cloned updated version with enhanced graphics of the original game . But this game on my apple 2c back in the day made me the gamer that I am now ... . I spent many a night and day playing this game non-stop . I had all these dungeons mapped out on hex paper . Im drooling at the thought of this new version of the game capturing the feeling I had when i was young playing the original.Lets hope they get it right !
 I too remember this game . but , sadly , I used to know the catacombs by heart . I can only hope they 've done this game well.it truly WAS one of the first and best . all sorts of abilities and huge maps.of course , one of the things I remember most is . . near the very end . . the 4 groups of 99 berserkers . hehehe.can ' t wait for thre new one ! - MockingBird
 I remember playing the original Bard 's Tale game - it was a game I loved and played for months and months . This new version features the brilliant acting of Cary Elwes of Priness Bride frame!You get to create your bard character with the standard attributes - strength , dexterity and so on . But once you get into the game , you 'll quickly discover the comic timing that makes this game so unique . You wander into a tavern and are promptly told to go search for rats . Your character asides that this is a rather cliche quest , but you 'll do it for the -LRB- ahem -RRB- ample barmaid who smiles at you.You head down into the dusty cellar , where you find your rat and slay him . Then , as you get your little scene of the Bard 's Victory , a HUGE rat sneaks up behind you and breathes on you with a massive fire breath ! When you hobble up to the tavern , everyone is laughing their fool heads off.It 's that sort of twist that makes the entire game hilarious , especially for RPG buffs . Every normal twist and turn of RPG campaigning is made fun of here . You are given the option of the `` nice '' or `` naughty '' option at every turn - and it 's not always the `` nice '' option that you want to try ! The game is very replayable , as you see what happens with various combinations of answers.There 's plenty of combinations of fighting , spellcasting , healing and so on - in traditional RPG fashion . I particularly like the wiggly little magic spiders myself , as they remind me of the Spirited Away anime . But really the wit is the key feature of this game . You fight through scenarios to get to hear what the witty comments will be at the end : -RRB- Highly recommended for RPG fans - especially those who are fans of the Princess Bride style of dry wit !
 I have been a fan of Bard 's Tale from the beginning . And I also remember the catacombs . This game does not look or feel anything like the original , but I did expect that.It has the same type of graphics as the latest Baldur 's gate . It has cut animation in which you -LRB- the bard -RRB- will talk with other characters . You have little choices on the conversation . You may chose to be sarcastic or sincere.Other choices are limited as well . When you kill the opponent , his objects go straight to you in the form of money . His armor , sword , pants , etc are all converted into money . Unless his armor or weapon is better than your current weapon , then you automatically receive it and your item is converted to money.What I do n't like about the game is that it limits your choices and tends to be very linear . Unlike a game like Morrowind where you are able to explore where and how you would like , you are stuck in a storyline in this game.I gave it 4 stars because it is well made and is keeping my interest . The graphics are great and I like the music .
 I confess that I prefer playing games sitting around a table . It is a social thing for me . I was more than pleasantly surprised by the Bard 's Tale . This is not a re-release of a classic game ; it is an entirely new game that is extremely well done . I had to battle my teenage son for computer time to complete the quests . He played the game as well . From the witty banter to the nice game play , reasonable puzzles , and `` snarky '' hints , this game is a classic .
 This game is amazing ! And all in wonderful 3D ! MEMORY-Go back to your memory of the 1970 barn-yard war . Coop de-tat , and Barn to be Wild.HAPPINESS-There 's only one thing that keeps Jim happy-FOOD ! Lord of the Fries , and Are You Hungrey Tonight?FEAR - Fear is n't 1 subject alone - it 's 4 warped , and completly different levels ! Poultrygeist , Poutrygeist Too , Death ? , and Disco Zombies!FANTASY - Think back to your child-hood as a worm , when you were in the Wild West ! Violent Death Valley , and The Good , the Bad , and the Elderly.Battle Psy-crow , Fatty Roswell , Professer Monkey-For-A-Head , and Bob & # 4 in this warped comedy , where Jim himself is in a coma ! You must save Elvis , kill a vaccum , and fart like heck in a strange game preffered to Earthworm Fans , and new-comers !
 When playing FPS -LRB- first person shooters -RRB- games , you are usually hunched over your desk with one hand on the keyboard , and one hand on the mouse or trackball . This device allows you to lean back , sit comfortably and play hours on end . The pad is versatile enough to incorporate all the essential functions of any FSP . However , you tend to lose some precision relative to a trackball , i.e. this device will probably not increase your Quake II Railgun kill ratio . In addition , the hat switch does break too easily and too soon . However , I was able to extend the life of my pad with superglue . Overall , I do n't see anything on the market that gives you the ease of play for FPS games , which is why I give it 4 stars , but I would recommend buying two so you have a back up when the 1st one breaks , `` and it will break ''
 I bought this after reading the review in MaximumPC . They were right -- you have to use this controller for about a week before you get the hang of it . I only use it with Q3A and it was frustrating at first , but now I could not imagine playing without it .
 First of all , this is to say this is the only controller of its kind , and very good at what it does for FPS games . But , # 1 , the buttons could be laid out better , and # 2 , the hat switch will fall off . It gets expensive always replacing the controller , so here 's an easy way to fix the hat switch for good : Once it breaks off , get yourself 4 things
 When I got this `` banana shaped '' item I thought that I never would enjoy to play with it . But after twenty minutes of intensive playing I loved it ! The only bad thing is that you have to play several minutes with it to know how it works .
 This gamepad is the best I 've ever seen/payed with.Should be mandatory in a first-person shooter game as well as roleplay . -LRB- Played NWN/Diablo serie with it -RRB- Very sad that Microsoft stopped the production -LRB- AFAIK -RRB- of this jewel and never replacer it with anything else -LRB- which mimic the mouse -RRB-
 This pad is very awkward to get used to but I loved it . I played Half-Life with it and was amazed at the fluid ease that it gave me . Recommended for thos who are tired of sitting at the keyboard .
 For those of you who remember a similar tilt axis namco controller for the playstation will already know that this controller was made for , Racing games . The one I bought it for was Episode 1 PODRACER , just sit back and play with an almost uncanny similarity to the actual game vehicle . Sure it takes getting used to but it is definately worth the time . It 's not going to replace the keyboard and mouse for games like Quake and Unreal but I have yet to find a controller that does.The controller is great for freeing yourself from your desk to the comfort of your couch with one device to control . I have successfully configured the game to play for games like Soul Reaver , Slave Zero and Star Seige . - = j = -
 There is a steep learning curve with this device , and it takes some getting used to . When I first tried it on Quake II , I got spanked by guys who only use the keyboard -LRB- that 's rigth , only the keyboard , no mouse -RRB- . However , now I am always in the top 2 or 3 with my LAN buddies -LRB- when they use a mouse -RRB- and do very well over the internet , usually being in the top 4 in Quake II and top 3 in Half-Life CounterStrike .
 I think the dual strike is absolutely incredible . Once you have it programed the way you want , the thing flows great . I ca n't belive that everyone does n't have one . Its a mouse and keyboard all in one .
 If there was a hall of fame for game controllers this one would be in it !!! If your playing any 3d outer space flying/fighting games there 's no substitute.Even some first person shooter games are greatly enhanced by using this controller.I bought two to play some legacy and current games with .
 I found my Siderwinder : Dual Strike at a local Biglots for $ 10 . It was and still is the best damn controller I 've ever had . Though I do have a gripe about the hatswitch . I not only used my DS to play driving games like Need For Speed and Knight Rider , but I also used it for my SNES and Game Boy Advance emulation . I configured the hat to be my D-pad , this worked for a while and I was happy until the switch broke off.Now it has a screw in it , and the up direction does n't work anymore . I still use the controller but only to play racing games and Quake . My suggestion to Sidewinder would be to make a different version of this gaming tool but with an NES cross-type directional pad instead of the hard plastic hat . Aside from that one defect this controller kicks the crap out of any game-pad or wheel that I 've ever used.You can map any button to any key . You can use the swivel as your mouse , which is very useful in First Person Shooters . You can also use the shift key which can allow you to have two different functions for one button . Being able to map buttons to keys is great for ZSNES or any game that will let you choose which key does what.Maybe if we sent enough emails to the Microsoft people they would remake this awesome controller .
 I received this controller about 6 months ago and it is one of the best input devices ever created ! Since I began using it , I have found a considerable edge over other players in 1st person shooters such as Half-life , Tribes2 , and Star Trek Elite Force , as well as space combat sims like X-Wing Alliance , Tachyon , and the Freespace series.While there are not a lot of preset game environments -LRB- preset button maps -RRB- , the GUI to create them is VERY user friendly . You can choose between mapping them using a single set of key strokes or using a wonderful macro editor . The central twisting section allows for various turning speeds , and when you reach the ends of the spin-axis , it pulls a little tighter and the turn tightens immensely.The only minor problem is having to access some minor controls from the keyboard can make you fly off course for a few seconds , but once you get into battle the enemy is TOAST !
 Microsoft went on on the limb for this one . Try to fit a mouse and a keyboard on a controller ... . This idea was genius , but unfortunately missed the mark . The only complaint that I had with this controller was the fact that they should of added a spring mechanism to `` re-align '' the controller back to the center position . When you are in the heat of the battle of Unreal Tournament or Half-Life , your hand will be in this wierd prostrated position -LRB- which is very uncomfortable -RRB- until you reset your view to center . . Other than this minor problem , this controller gives you the closest I have seen to the mouse-and-keyboard combination . Keep working Microsoft !!
 The dual strike is the best controller ever made for first-person perspective . I 'm currently playing Deus Ex and am able to crawl around , shoot and gather with great precision because of this controller 's unique two-handed motion . I 've found it ergonomic -LRB- no sore fingers -RRB- and natural to use . Plus it lets you program any function to any buttons . Truly a well-designed product !
 The playability of this game is of the highest quality ... Even though the graphics are n't perfect , it feels like you are actually in the game when you step up to the plate .
 I used to play MVP till they stopped making them for Major League Baseball . After playing this game I think it is one of the best baseball games available .
 It was a gift to my husband , and I assume he loves it . Because he can be hours playing it . It is very similar to the 2006 one . Not much diference . But overall good .
 I must begin this review by saying I am an avid fan of the EA MVP Baseball series , and I am still getting over the fact that 2k took over the MLB license . I bought the NCAA game , enjoyed it greatly , but still missed my Pro team and recognizing the players . This game is a huge step up from last years release . The gameplay has improved and I love having my pro teams , but there are still some problems.It looks like they did not improve on the graphics at all . Probably set aside because Xbox will be gone soon anyway . The announcers still call out errors that never happened or recap scenarios from earlier in the game that never took place . It can get annoying when almost everyone has been `` thrown out at second trying to extend the single to a double . `` At this point though , I am happy with the game . I like having my pro team back , and it is only a matter of time before I turn it all in for the 360 . It is definitely worth the 29.00 for the game .
 The game is a lot of fun , the graphics are great , once you get use to the game play it is a good time . However ; the computer makes too many unbelievable catches . The computer will climb the wall and steal away homeruns , or it will have it 's players layout for amazing diving catches , the kind that you 'd see only once in an entire season from your hall of famers , not every other inning . And the base running should be a little more intuitive , if you accidently hit the run button , the computer should retract the players rather than let them run into a base accidently for an out .
 2ksports has always been very respected and I love this game . They have n't changed much in terms of Franchise mode or GM mode thus far , but they have stepped up the gameplay , making player movements smoother , adding more realistic sliding styles and of course the game is up to date with respect to major league rosters . The only possible flaw in this game would be inaccuracy of new player names ... Dice-K has some phony name like Darren Matthews or something . Kei Igawa is Kerry Inglewood , Akinori Iwamura is Andy Ibarra and Roger Clemens is Roy C-something -LRB- and Clemens is an African American -RRB- . The initials are right , but the names are made up . And as always , the lying legend Barry Bonds has not been included . I think they 've made some mistakes by not including some of these names - could this be because they are not part of the players union yet or something I dont know . All in all they 've inproved on last year and that 's all I was hoping for .
 My boyfriend is n't big on playing video games , but I ca n't pull him away from this game . He is a hardcore baseball fan . I was also intrigued by this game , it has so much to it besides hitting a ball with a bat . You are the manager , you manage payroll , build players morale , have meetings ... you are the player ... you are the owner ...
 2k7 is not a perfect game . But it 's not bad at all . Adjust the AI levels in pitching , fielding , and hitting to where it 's not too difficult , but not too easy and you can enjoy the game . Also , by adjusting some of the players as their skills improve -LRB- or decrease -RRB- in baseball can make the game more realistic too . I give it a 4 out of 5 . Worth buying .
 MLB 2K7 for Xbox is solid.the graphics are awesome ! you really see the true Atlanta Braves colors in this game.the gameplay is easy and smooth and the rosters are easier to mess with because you only have the MLB and Triple A rosters to play with.in MVP 2005 , which i still play , you make one roster move , and then you 've got to make 10 more just to fit the bill.Pros-custom music , including batter intro music-awesome detailed graphics-rich in colors and design-different weather modes , cold , cloudy , afternoon-easy and smooth gameplay-commentary from ESPN-old school pitching and hitting modesCons-sometimes , the game can seem to computerized and at times , it seems slow-pitching is slow-although graphics are awesome , MVP had better face and player graphicscompare the 2 , and you 'll know what i mean.overall , solid game . lots of fun . More for hardcore baseball gamers .
 My kids had 2k5 and loved it , so I bought 2k7 and they 're in heaven .
 Excellent game but it is a pity that the amazon does not sell the ps3 games for Brazil , could buy this for another shop intermediada it .
 This was a fun baseball game . The game controls is what made it more fun because it was different . you actually move the controller to control certain functions .
 This game can be a little frustrating at first , BUT once you get the hang of it , it is very fun , ecspecially when playing a season . The graphics are pretty damn good and controls seem to be enjoyable and cooperative as long as you 're not using the `` six axis '' form of batting . Fielding is pretty fun once you get the hang of it and batting is pretty simple . Some people say this game dos n't have all the `` bells and whistles '' that some other baseball games have , but if you like a good classic baseball game with a just a few fun bonus 's like homerun derby , trivia , air hockey , trophies and awards , and that 's about it than this is the baseball game for you .
 I have been a MVP baseball fan for sometime now mostly on the computer with 2005 . So I was n't happy when MVP decided not to make a new one after that . Then came 2K7 this game came with my PS3 and all I can say is that it is awsome . Wireless control is great it is fun to move the controler to swing the bat , and pitching is diffcult without being impossible . The only thing I would like to see is 1080i instead of 720p and optical sound output . Other then that a great game and lots of fun .
 Maybe it 's just me , but i seems like every opponent I play against has nine gold glovers out there . If they are n't jumping over the fence to rob me of homeruns , they are diving to take away base hits . Somewhere Brooks Robinson and Willie Mays are smiling at my pixel generated adversaries . Still a fun game to play though .
 I 've only had my PS3 for about a month now so I 'm still amazed every time I turn the thing on . I still remember my Atari 2600 . That said MLB 2K6 was my favorite on the PS2 so I had to give 2K7 a shot . I 'm very impressed with what I see so far . The graphics are amazing , game play is solid , and the announcers are great.I 'm an old school gamer so I do n't care much for franchise modes and managing what flavor sodas the concession stands will serve . I just want to pick a team and play ball . This game is great for that , not too simple and not too complicated.Once you get used to the controls you 'll have a lot of fun . I was half way through my first game before I realized it was set to sixaxis instead of classic batting . Once I got through feeling stupid the game was really fun . I will be spending a lot of time on this game . Unless you 're a complete game snob who 's impossible to please I do n't see any reason why you would n't like this game . Individual batting stances , trips around the mound , game highlights , -LRB- most -RRB- faces look more like the real players , this game is very impressive . My only gripe is the multiple batting camera angles are gone , other than that so far so good .
 Word is one of the lead designers of MLB 06 the Show jumped ship to the 2K team . Another issue - the Show was pushed back to April . Makes you wonder whats going on over at SCEA . Maybe they got a hold of 2K7 and freaked because they realized their game looked lastgen . NBA 07 Stunk for the PS3 and they probably dont want to repeat that fate , especially with the acclaim the PS2 versions have gotten in past years.As for MLB2K7 , the graphics are amazing - especially the windups by the pitcher . Some have complained of `` slowdown '' but I havent noticed that - I think the stadium `` shakes '' a bit on occasion with multiple players on base , but thats more realistic of the atmosphere and how the pitcher would feel anyway.It may take you a bit of time to get a hang of the controls , but when you do , I dare say you 'll be in love . The fielding in particular takes a bit of time to getting used to.In any event , I believe its better to get the PS3 version and really `` swing '' with your sixaxis than the old school way of doing things on the XBOX360 -LRB- although I am told the graphics may be a * tad * more polished on the XBOX version , despite the fact the console has less power -RRB- .
 First , IGNORE all reviews that bash this game , they either have n't played it or want a game that you can dominate the first time you play it . The game takes a little time to get used to , but once you do it is great . The first two times I played I sucked , I was bad at fielding and could not hit anything . But I got used to the fielding and usually go error-free now . Batting with the motion sensor actually is a little fun when you get used to it -LRB- do a few homerun durby 's to get the hang of it , like 20 of them -RRB- . Pitching is the best I have ever seen in a game , graphics are great , I have seen no frame problems . Stealing is way too hard , not a simple tell the runner to go , you have to do it yourself . Baserunning takes a while to get used to . Computer makes too many great plays , like 6 a game instead of 1 or 2 . Options are great , although I do n't see the difference between GM mode and Franchise mode . Can customize anything you want and I mean anything , down to if the player wears 1 or 2 earrings . I played NBA 2K7 and NBA 07 the show and NBA 2K7 was a lot better , so I am thinking the same with their baseball games , plus with MLB the show not coming out until mid May now , BUY MLB 2K7 . Still need create a team in baseball games and improved in basketball , nothing beats creating a team with your own logos like Madden for the PC -LRB- even though they wo n't put next gen. graphics in that version -RRB- .
 I got this game for PlayStation 3 because it looked like a good game . So the first time I played it I said I was watching a real game and they fell for it . It has AMAZING graphics , but the controlling the players on a ground ball for instance is hard . The season mode is much better because the off the field play is MUCH better . If you 're thinking of getting of a good game for PlayStation 3 , WELL GET IT ! It is awesome .
 I bought this yesterday for the PlayStation 3 , and I must say that this is a huge improvement over last year 's 2K6 . The immediate thing that you notice is the graphics , the stadiums look just like their real life counterparts , and characters look close to perfection . The new `` Signature Styles '' gives each player a unique style that no other baseball player has . The GM Mode and Dynasty Mode are very solid , but they are almost the same as last years . The price of the game though , I think it should include more . It just seems like a $ 60.00 game should have more than it 's PS2/Xbox counterpart . MLB 07
 This is a rather good sports game . The graphic quality is very life like when played on the ps3 . Has all the great teams on it . I am a fan of sports games on consoles and this game is very good . Its a good price right now . It is a older release and gives you a idea of how good the graphic processing stuff is on the ps3 . This game here really puts the ps3 to a test , Including taking advantage of the sixaxis movement stuff . Get to push the controller foreward to swing the bat . I like this game and would recommend it to those who like sports games for video game consoles as the graphics are cool and the gameplay is alotta fun too .
 I was debating if I should get MLB2k7 or the Show , but once I saw that the show was n't going to be available until April , I could n't wait to compare the two.The controls do take some time to get used to , but once you get the hang of it , you will not have any problems . I am really looking forward to playing in an online league!If I had one compliant , it is that I wish that the game had more prospects than it currently does and more control over your minor leagues .
 I just bought a PS3 and wanted a baseball game . My favorite team is the Yankees and this is the only game out with a Yankee player on the cover . The gameplay is not as advanced as say MLB 2K11 but I still enjoy it during baseball season .
 I have not bought a baseball game for about 4 years . I got this as a present , and I loved it , I play it all the time.The controls are hard to learn , but once you learn them they are real easy , you just must get used to them . You can rob home runs , make diving catches , and cause collisions at the plate . There are 3 different kinds of swings
 First and foremost I have been a die hard EA Sports guy since the dawn of Electronic Arts sports games . I was very upset that EA lost the license to make Major League Baseball games , the last being MVP 2005 -LRB- the best baseball game made for any console in my opinion -RRB- . I recently bought an Xbox 360 and was told by some friends that MLB 2k7 is a solid game and was worth purchasing.Pros
 Great game full of history , action , and fully great moments thru time that allow the gamer a great experience to be had
 lo recibido en venezuela es lo que compre , proveedor confiable lo recomiendo , excelente producto enviado en el tiempo estipulado por el proveedor .
 This is a pretty good game game when you have a good slider set . Would be sweet if today 's 2k baseball games had these kind of graphics . I do n't understand how they went downhill .
 Best of the MLB series games ever ! except for 2009 ! I recommend this Game to everyone that enjoys sports Games and Baseball Games !
 I had bought this for my grandson aged 12 , and even though he received upteen gifts from all his relatives . This baseball game was his favorite and he spent most of Christmas day playing with it .
 I had this game for the ps2 and when I got a XBox360 , I wanted a baseball game . This was the only one for the system that was cheapest so I bought it without realizing I bought a game I had for the ps2 . I was so close to returning the game but I decided to give it a try and I was amazed on not how simular this game is to its Ps2 counterpart but how different . The graphics are incredible , and its for so real , like it is a baseball game . It takes time to get used to the controls but its a really good game.Now to part that I mention is missing . You can not edit the roster from the main menu . The only thing close is doing it in franchise mode which doesnt effect exhibition mode . This is bad since not everyone wants to layout $ 50 - $ 60 for the new version to have the new roster . So if you want a friendly exibition game you have to play as your favorite team 's roster when the 2007 season began.Great game overall
 Great Graphics and action for us baseball fans . I play so well that no one in my family wants to play me anymore !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 There 's nothing I can argue about how fun the game is or how well it 's made that has n't already been said . Read any of these other reviewers and you 'll get a good idea of the gameplay , but in short , yes the swing stick is a terrible way to bat and the fielding is kind of odd , but overall its acceptable if you just tweak the settings a little bit . The worst part of this game is that after I finished an 82 game season , which ended with me winning the world series , I did n't get any of the money that it said I would get to rebuild and change my team . Instead , it just basically erased anything that ever happened and I started from the beginning again . The only way anyone could even know that I 've played the game at all would be to look in the `` skybox '' to find my trophies and unlocked stuff . This is a terrible problem , and it 's frustrating to play that many games and get nothing for it , but playing the game really is great . I always had fun , and sure it takes a while to play one game -LRB- 40 minutes or so -RRB- , but it really is fun and the price is down to about 15 bucks used , so if you like baseball , go buy this .
 i 've had this game 4 a week and its pretty fun . but sometimes it get so frusterating like when i ytry 2 hit a homer and the guy bunts . this is however the most realistic looking sports game ever to be made on 360 but is n't the best in the the 2k series -LRB- i loved 2K5 -RRB- . its still alot of fun when u get everything down . i recommend it . P.S. -LRB- dont get 2K8 it SUCKS and its unfinished -RRB-
 I want all you you sport game lovers to play this amazing game . It has great graphics and is easy to play .
 Great game overall . A little buggy in spots . Do n't exactly care for some of the interface in GM Mode . Dramatically changes batting lineups on you if one player gets hurt . Overall a nicely delivered game though . I would like to see a little more personalization to the Career mode .
 The game is exciting , until you get to the playoffs and are unable to play them , Why ??? Do n't ask me or the people at 2K7 Sports , cause they do n't answer !!!!!! Shame that I got burnt , hope the experience is not the same for you guys out there . I bought my game here in Amazon and I read some guy 's review about having the same problem but I still did n't expect to be one of the unlucky stupids .
 This is by far the best sports game I have ever played . Once you master your pitching and hitting skills , which will take many games to do , you will definitely be losing some sleep . Enter the franchise mode and enjoy every moment of building your favorite team into a world champion .
 Overall this is a fun game to play . The pitching is strategic and the hitting though challenging is fun . The fielding leaves alot to be desired . Going for routine plays ends up extra base hits it seems at the worst possible times and the other team robbing home runs seems to happen every game .
 Pretty good game with good ` replayability ' factor . Gameplay is excellent and there are many unique batting stances and pitching windups for star playersHowever , the learning curve is a bit higher than others as some controls are more complex and hitting is especially difficult when you play it for the first few times , but you should get used to it . Was also disappointed that Dice-K was not in the game -LRB- he is instead disguised as ` Dennis Miles ' -RRB- and Kei Igawa is ` Keith Irwin ' . Also , in Legend mode , sometimes when pitching you get especially roughed up even when you throw on target using a star pitcher . And sometimes they will hit home runs even if you throw off the plate.With regards to the poster below , I agree with the wall climbing , which is sometimes too frequent . However , I 'm pretty sure that the reason for the blimp/moon is to speed up load time . Showing the stadium would require more processing to display and the game would take alot more time to load.All in all , a good game , although not a ` must buy ' .
 Major League Baseball 2K7 is a baseball simulation game geared towards a more experienced gamer audience . The game offers multiple game-play choices , such as quick game , season , franchise , GM career , manager challenge , online multiplayer , and five different types of home run derby 's . Children under 10 and Players with limited gaming experience will find it very difficult to even make contact with the ball in the first couple hours of playing the game . Pitching is slightly easier , but players will rarely `` strike out '' the computer if a pitch was not performed 100 % . Overall , Major League Baseball 2K7 is a great looking game offering many choices and customization options . If you are looking for a hardcore baseball game this one is for you . For easy pick-up-and-play entertainment and family fun you are better off with Nintendo Wii Sports Baseball .
 this game is aethesticaly beautiful on high def . the player models are awesome and the game is a joy to watch . gameplay is solid , and you can customize your/AI game to have a virtually competitive game every time you play . 2k sports listened to all the complaints last year and delivered unlike madden .
 Okay , I am a huge MVP fan , so I was weary of how this game would be . But it is amazing . I actually bought the Xbox version first , played it , liked it , and then I tried the 360 version . Now I have the 360 and my Xbox is on the way to someones house via online bidding . This game is not perfect , but it is much better than last year and well worth the money . I just wish I could stop playing Gears of War to enjoy this more .
 If you 've ever played the 2K series , then you know how real and fun these games are.You like baseball buy you a copy of this one .
 The game has amazing in-game features this year , and the levels of difficulty help you adapt to the style . A lot of the features are the same , with Career and Franchise mode being very capable of whatever you want . The Create-a-player feature is very much improved and so is batting.The best improvement is with pitching , and the AI is phenomenal . Definitely buy this game !
 Why does the MLB only allow 2k7 to be the official and only baseball game on the market and then they do n't include Barry Bonds ? The very first game I played was `` SF vs Anaheim '' and I was extremely disappointed that one of my favorite players is n't available . Oh , but I can put the dead Mickey Mantle on the Giants in his place ?
 Wow , this game is incredible . I read on IGN that they gave it a 7.9 / 10 . I do n't know what game they 're reviewing , because this game is fantastic . I might even say that MLB 2K7 on the Xbox 360 is the best sports game I 've ever played on any console . I play mostly sports games , and this one has blown me away.The graphics are possibly the best I 've seen . They do use a little too much of the blur effect on the stadium when a batter walks to the plate , but I can live with that . The faces , animations , and stadiums all look ultra-realistic . When I can see individual skin pores on the face of Travis Hafner -LRB- I 'm an Indians fan -RRB- , I 'm extremely impressed . You have to see this game to believe it , the visuals are great . The only downside to the graphics are the hideous crowd members . These people still look like they 're caught in the PS2 or Xbox , oh well . I 'm not really looking at the crowd when I 'm playing the game , so I do n't really care.The audio is great . I love the combination of Jon Miller and Joe Morgan . They might get repetitive eventually -LRB- like EVERY other sports game -RRB- , but they do n't annoy me when they 're repetitive . They still accurately talk about the action on the field , it 's just they 're side-talk that gets repetitive . The menu music is n't great , but it 's a lot better than previous versions . Also , the sounds of the bat , crowd , ball hitting the glove , and all other game-related sounds are fantastic . I feel like I 'm watching a game on TV.The gamplay is phenomenal . The controls are very smooth and responsive , I do n't have a problem with them at all . This is the best controlling baseball game I 've ever played , right up there with MVP 2005 and MLB ' 06
 Major League Baseball 2K7 is an extremely entertaining game of baseball on the XBox 360 , and a vast improvement upon the 2K6 edition . However , there are a handful of moderately serious issues that might caution against purchasing this title . The good well outweighs the bad in this game , but you should be aware of the bad points before purchasing.The good parts of MLB2K7 are very good . First and foremost , this is a * beautiful * game . Every time someone walks into the room when I 'm playing this game , they almost immediately comment on the amazing graphics . The jerseys ripple in the wind , you can see individual grains of dirt on the diamond , and the minor details of player 's swings , struts , and general look are all done to perfection . It 's hard to imagine a better looking game of baseball . Getting past the visuals , however , the actual game is quite good too . The pitching system is intuitive and really feels like an accurate representation of the way the game works -- you aim your pitch , and the harder you attempt to throw it , the more difficult it becomes to hit your target . You 'll even notice that depending on your catcher 's `` Call Game '' rating , they may give you better or worse ideas of what pitches to throw and where . Batting also works quite well , although it does take a lot of getting used to . Players use the right analog stick to step back at the release of the pitch , and then either let go of the stick for a contact swing , or slam it forward for a power swing . It takes quite a while to get the timing right , but once you do , it truly does feel great when you slam that stick forward and lift a hanging curve up out of the stadium . Finally , season , franchise , and GM career modes all give the game the kind of replayability that allows you to get months of enjoyment out of this game . There 's a lot of good stuff to keep you busy here for months.However , as good as this game is , there are a couple of fairly serious flaws . First , fielding . It 's really awkward . It 's often very difficult to avoid overrunning the ball or slamming face-first into the fence , leading to frustrating results as your opponent rounds the bases while your fielder attempts to regain his feet . The cutoff throw system is particularly wonky -- players frequently ignore your command to cut off a throw from the outfield , or the cutoff man stands in a terribly useless position to take away all the benefits of the cutoff in the first place . The other major issue is general buggyness . Right now , for me , the game is broken , and from scouring internet forums , it 's clear I 'm not the only one with these problems . After playing/simulating the 162 games of my first season in career mode , the game can not make it to the playoffs . My 360 hangs when simming the final day of the season , every time . Apparently for other users this has happened as early as 15 games into a season . This is an unacceptable error , but hopefully 2KSports will patch this through XBox Live sometime soon . Until then , be sure to try to simulate your season through to the playoffs to make sure it 's not corrupted before you make this commitment.While there are a couple of serious flaws in this game , overall it 's quite a bit of fun . While fielding is n't great , hitting and pitching are a lot of fun , and the career modes are deep and enjoyable -LRB- assuming they work , which is admittedly a bit iffy -RRB- . This game is definitely worth checking out for any baseball fan , and of course , for the 360 , it 's your only choice . But given the quality of the game , that 's not such a bad thing .
 I 've been loyal to the 2k baseball franchise for quite some time . In fact last year was the first time I did n't get the new version . Throughout the history of this game franchise they have continually tried to make updates that would keep people coming back for more . Some years have been superb , others complete and utter failures . Sometimes they 've gotten rid of some really great features .2 K7 , is a pretty good version . I ca n't compare it to last years but I can say it is the most difficult version that I 've played so far . Perhaps other people have had more success at hitting , but I think it 's pretty easy to strike out in this game and harder to to hit it in the gaps for a double or a triple . It 's a tad frustrating , but I have n't entirely gotten used to the hitting stick and I think the `` classic '' style -LRB- where you just press `` A '' -RRB- is a little boring and not interactive enough -LRB- 2k5 had a really fun classic version that was a lot more technical -RRB- . A decent amount of this can be relatively resolved if you tweak the `` sliders '' in the difficulty section of the menu . Also , the drag bunt is a great new feature.One major improvement is that when you 're pitching the computer player will actually chase pitches outside of the strike zone and even get fool by the speed or spin as well . In the older games I got lucky if I struck out 5 with Randy Johnson pitching.A negative issue with the game is the speed of the actual game . I wish there was a hurry-up feature like they 've had in previous versions . It takes a good 40 minutes to play one 9 inning game , and that 's with all the replays and cut scenes deactivated . On the older versions it was possible to make it so a game could be done in half the time.One thing I really miss that I think was on the 2K4 version was that in the franchise version if you got bored you could play in alternative stadiums including some of the classics like the Polo Grounds or Ebbets Field.This might be nitpicking for some , but I think the roster updates are very poor this year . There are so many players that are not on the correct teams or just plain missing . Where 's Sammy Sosa ? He signed a contract with the Rangers in mid January . The two new Japanese imports Daisuke Matsuzaka of the Red Sox and Akinori Iwamura of the Devil Rays are cloaked under fictional names but with the same initials and characteristics . And once again no Barry Bonds -LRB- that 's more Barry 's own doing -RRB- . Oh and Ichiro , he 's got a last name - Suzuki . He 's not Sting ! Of course all of this can be corrected and saved if it 's important enough to you.One other issue of poor programming that has been on the 2K baseball series for a few years is that when you are playing the franchise version of the game , the other teams will make line-ups that make no sense and send someone like Derek Jeter to the minors in favor of someone with half of his rating!The game play announcing is pretty good with Jon Miller and Joe Morgan but they 're comments are pretty much the same as 2K5 's and like before they are always a few steps behind the actual game play.For a game on Xbox360 I 'm not terribly impressed by the graphics . At times the players still look a little unnatural and `` blockish '' . They have done a great job improving on the `` haziness '' of the light , giving a much more bright glare of the sun.Overall , I think the game is fun and absorbing . But the prices of these games are crazy ! I recommend getting it used - there are some games out there that are worth their weight in gold -LRB- which is how I think they decided on the prices -RRB- , 2k7 is not one of them . But it 's still a lot of fun .
 OK first , this game is basically 2k6 with all the glitches fixed . there are no new game features , aside from a little polish in the GM mode -LRB- set ticket prices and a cool league news ticker -RRB- . so if you 're hoping they FINALLY got around to stuff like expansion teams , rule 5 drafts , 3 way trades , you 're out of luck , wait till next year and hope.gameplay has improved . the interfaces for batting and hitting are the same . pitches come at you a bit quicker , and the whole hitting experience is more realistic . whereas you could just swing away all the time in 2k6 , plate discipline is important in 2k7 . pitching is still outstanding.baserunning and fielding have both been marginally improved . they eliminated the sprint feature in baserunning , which is really annoying . now all you can do is sit back and watch your guy run-you can no longer help him out . fielding is smoother , but at the same time your fielders have to be perfectly positioned-if the ball 's hit just slightly to your left or right , instead of reaching for it , the fielder just lets it go by.graphics are the main point of this game-they 're spectacular . walking into a room and seeing someone play this , you 'd probably at first think they were watching a game on TV . signature styles are very well done . overall , 11/10 for graphics-awesome job!the one thing about the game that really annoys me is something very characteristic of the 2k series-a blatant disregard for minor leaguers/prospects . minor league depth has never been great , but this year , you 've got your mlb club , only a couple real minor leaguers , a bunch of made up guys , and thats it . the lack of depth outside the 25 man mlb roster is astonishing-you 'd think they could at least get the top prospects in there , as well as some veteran minor leaguers . but no.if you 're a baseball and video game fan , its worth the money in my opinion . graphics are breathtaking and gameplay is improved . just do n't expect any off-the-field improvements .
 I 've been itching for a baseball game for the 360 since late last year . I bought it w/o reading any reviews . I 'm not too crazy about it but if you like baseball you 'll enjoy the game . Some gripes I have with the game are a lack of camera options , not every player has their signature moves -LRB- take a look at El Duke on the Mets -RRB- + it also seems like the majority of the pitchers have the same wind up.I do like some new touches . For example I like how you can challenge a call with the possibility of getting ejected + being able to have the ump eject the opposing manager as well . As a baseball sim its a solid game.I have yet to play anyone online so I cant comment on that aspect of the game yet . If you 're a mature adult and want to play online via live , hit me up , my gamertag is
 Let me start off by saying that I have been a huge 2K baseball fan since the days of Dreamcast . The year 2006 -LRB- 2k6 -RRB- was a big disappointment for this game and since I have crossed my fingers that it was a on time blunder . I am convinced it is after playing 2k7 . Not to say that there are no differences between 2k5 -LRB- not a typo -RRB- and 2k7 . However they are negligible . This game is a little different and will take some getting use to but the differences in my opinion are for the better . I have always been a fun factor 1st as well as -LRB- the depth of content stats etc -RRB- and graphics 2nd . 2k7 gives you the customizing ability that allows you to play the game like it 's predecessors . The pitching interface is awesome and is just as challenging as hitting now . I still prefer the button swing over the swing stick though I have n't gave the stick a chance . Franchise is back and so far ten times better . With options that allow you raise concessions and ticket prices similar to Madden . Still lacks as far as the minor league is concerned . one reviewer had mentioned that there were no more speed bursts for base running or fielding but it is in the options . For people who like a realistic baseball game this is a buyer .
 I picked this gem up on release day after playing the demo from xbox live . I 've started a season and have played 4 games so far . I must say that it 's overall solid and the first decent baseball game for any system since MVP Baseball 2005 . Although I think the Xbox 360 can push far better graphics , the visuals are still impressive . The gameplay is good however does n't advance the genre.Here are my impressions starting with the not-so-good : - `` blurring '' effects overdone a bit-minor slowdown at weird times-fielding far from perfect-some occasional camera issuesAnd the good : - most character models are fantastic-the best announcing for any sports game PERIOD-lot of attention to detail from player 's batting stances to reactions to different situations -LRB- ie . striking out looking , getting hit by pitch , giving up a home run -RRB- - great presentation-good music for a sports game-roster updates coming every month after start of baseball season -LRB- online -RRB- - It 's fun !! On a 10 point scale -LRB- 10 being the best -RRB- , I 'd give the game an 8.5 . The game has some minor issues here and there but it does n't hurt the gameplay too much . The positives make up for its flaws easily . Even Gears of Wars has its flaws . I 'd definitely recommend this game .
 I think 2k did a good job with making this game fun & easily accessible . Also this is not like old MLB2Ks where you mess up your controller by button mashing . The game takes over running bases & that is great for keeping controllers in good condition . Other than that you have control over everything elseAlso Homerun derby is in & its a fun side feature
 This is by far one of the best sports games I own . I ca n't put it down . The graphics are great ... the stadiums look realistic ... the players look realistic . There are so many options available . In season mode , you can call-up and send-down players , contract issues , have team meetings to increase morale . The play on Easy is a little rediculous . About every other homer I hit the Outfielder jumps over the wall and robs it . Pro takes a bit to get used to ... but it 's more realistic . Only con 's I have is that it tends to freeze for me sometimes ... usually in the 9th inning when I 'm making a rally ... but I am in Iraq and there 's lots of dust around , so that might be it . Also , baserunning is still pretty poor . Some might like the new feature of using the RS to start your step and then swing . Tho , I stopped using it and went to classic push button style , I 'm sure for some , this is a great new feature . I just like simply pushing the button . I like how you can pick the different alternate uniforms , but I wish you can pick the other teams uniforms too before you play them ... like in NCAA football 2007 .
 Bettter than last year 's try-out for the Xbox 360 . The game could and should have been improved for the 360 using all the possible and lastest tech advancements that the 360 uses.The graphics are good , the gane play is all right.Rent this game first and then make your own choice as to buy this game . .
 When i read IGNs review for this , I was kinda iffy about whether or not to buy it . I havent had a baseball game since MVP 05 since I am not a big fan of college baseball since I had a ps2 before my 360 . i was very impressed . the 1 thing that kinda struck me is how the crowd reacts to nothing . i threw a no-hitter and hit a grand slam and the crowd sounded the same the whole game . that aside , this game is awesome . franchise mode is deep and the graphics are stellar . sure everyone doesnt look like themselves , but no one is perfect ... ill be playing this game for quite a while . GO PHILLIES !
 I was a little scared to purchase this title because I 've been burned by almost every baseball game I 've ever played . They 've all been so complicated and over thought that I ca n't even get a base hit nevertheless win a game . Fortunately 2K decided to release this title ! I love the camera angles , the pitching system , the batter 's eye -LRB- it 's like a built-in mini-game -RRB- , the team customization , etc. . This game hit a homerun in my book ! Happy gaming !!!
 This game is one of the best baseball games I have ever played . 2K7 did a fantastic job with the details of the players and they seem very realisitic . The ballparks look very realistic . I actually felt like I was at Yankee Stadium playing this game . The graphics are beautiful and the play is a lot of fun . I would recommend this game for young kids as well as older adults . My son is eleven and he has already beaten me a few times . This game is hot !
 I am really enjoying this game ! This has to be the best baseball game designed so far . Major improvement from 2K6 last year . Some minor adjustments needed though . For example , not enough camera angles . Some players are not realistic . Like El D pitcher on the Mets do not have his high leg kick when he pitch . But overall this is a excellent game .
 Game play is great . Fantasy baseball league is stellar . Graphics and animation are phenomenal . Replay is highly likely . A great game !
 I bought this game when it was first released.I was inpressed by this games.My thouthts were if 2K7 is good , then MLB 2k8 should be better.In my opinion 2k7 is better than 2k8 . They took out some of the features of 2k7 when they made 2k8 .1 . You cant put in a face .2 . The fans in the stands do n't move at all .3 . You ca n't look at home plate from the outfield point of view when you are on a base running.One featue that 2k8 has that 2k8 that 's not in 2k7 is , you are told when the pitcher is warmed up and ready to pitch .
 MLB 2k7 is a good game not great but good . The Graphics are very suprising i didnt think that they could get that much better . The gameplay is a lot of fun tho it is extremely frustraitin when your shortstop , second , frist baseman over or under run the ball which happends quite ofter . Pitching is a struggle if you are not used to the controls your pitcher may give up to as many as 10 runs in just a couple innings if he gets rattled right away by the opposing team . Overall this game is a lot of fun if you are looking for a good sports game .
 I did a lot of research on the 2 upcoming baseball releases for the PSP , The Show , and 2k7 . The previews for the two games seem to favor 2K7 slightly , but last year 's 2k6 by most accounts had too many bugs to be called equal to The Show ... Also , I was one of the unlucky consumers to buy 2k6 for the XBox 360 last year and I 'm actually still angry about that abortion of game ... So for those reason I was ready to go with MLB 2007
 Have just started digging into this product after playing extensively on the 2K6 version . Mostly the same quality as the previous year 's as far as graphics , audio , game play , etc. . One quibble so far -- noticed that the Cooperstown Hall of Fame legends team has less players than it did on the 2K6 version -- i.e. no more Mike Schmidt , Willie Stargell , Whitey Ford , a few others . Have n't fully checked out the current NL/AL all-star teams and other legendary teams yet.will add more as I discover ...
 This game was surprisingly good , although it was cheaper than mlb 07 and the bigs.In the UK , as I am , you do n't get great sports games like baseball and american football.So it is really good fun at first , but when you master it , it gets a little less fun.Overall though , great !!
 Westwood 's Command & Conquer 95 is still the best strategy game ever created . With EA 's destruction of the franchise , turning it into simple tanks spamming and rushing , there are few other competitors to remove C&C 95 from it 's throne . THQ 's Company of Heroes may be its only competition . Many cite Supreme Commander , and Civilization as competitors , but these games are linear and childlike , with silly premise , poor mechanics , and boring implementation .
 I played a demo of this and had to have it . I like some older games too so I got this . The product description stated that the game was the DOS version , but it turns out that it 's the one for Windows 95 , not installable on DOS . I did get it to work in a DOS emulator with a bit of hacking .
 I saw this game for $ 5 in the store and bought it without a second thought . For 14 games , you are paying about 35 cents per game . I owned an original copy of _ Eye_of_the_Beholder _ way back when , and found a catalog from 1991 in the box . The catalog contained 5 of the games on this disk , each selling for $ 50 . It 's almost sad that games like these can depreciate in value so much -- but at the same time , it 's one hell of a deal!I tried installing these on Linux , but the installer is a Windows program , and it was all fubar in wine ... So I took the disk over to my Windows 95 computer , installed Eye of the Beholder , copied all the resulting files back over to Linux and ran the game in DOSBox . It worked beautifully ! I did n't try , but I 'm sure they will run just fine on Windows , too.I must complain about the manuals , though . They basically scanned the original manuals as PDFs . That 's fine , although it 's somewhat poor quality , but for some reason , they concatenated all 14 of the games ' manuals into one huge 80MB PDF file . It therefore takes up a ton of room -- even if you are only playing one game at a time , you still have all the others ' manuals on your HD -- and it 's hard to find the game you want.Despite that , if you have played some of these games before , and would like to experience some nostalgia , you really ca n't go too wrong with 35 cents per game .
 It 's hard to review a compilation like this without discussing how brilliant each -LRB- well , most -RRB- of the individual games are , but if you 're looking at this product , you probably already know about them and want to play them despite however primitive they are . Needless to say , this is probably the biggest bang for your buck you will ever find.The package itself is pretty standard bargainware . The two discs are in flimsy , clear , and probably cracked CD cases . that have been tucked inside the cardboard . Each game comes with it 's own individual installer , as one reviewer complained about , but I found this actually rather convenient . It gives you more control over how you want to organize your stuff on the computer , and it means you do n't have to install games you do n't want to play.The manuals and other documentation were scanned by Interplay and put on the disc in one huge pdf file , which really looks nice , but unfortunately some of the scans are sloppy and unreadable . Printing it out wo n't help , either . Your best bet would be to search around online for replacement manuals . I found a website called ReplacementDocs to be incredibly useful . One reviewer mentioned his decoder wheel being absent , and those can be found online as well.The content of the discs is amazing , and that 's really what you should be buying this package for . Each of these games is historically significant and an amazing play , even if they do come across as a bit primitive . Another reviewer mentioned that he found the games very hard to get into . There 's usually a good 5-hour learning curve for figuring out what the heck you 're doing , but I promise that you 'll get over that and realize just how great the games are . The included manual shows signs of good intentions on behalf of Interplay . It 's nice , but not always readable . Overall , buy it for the games , and do n't expect much else .
 Great Classic Games Fun For The Classic Gamer ! You ca n't Get the Old Classic D&D Games W/O having an Old Commodore 64 and playing them that way . This is the Next best thing ! The Games are Great ! If you are an RPG FAN and you want to see how they all came about , it 's worth a try because these are the origional .
 It is no fault of the seller that this is largely a waste of money . The seller did a rather good job of delivering the product swiftly , though it was a little bit bunged up in spots . Nothing serious , though , and not enough to detract from the games within . However , these games are available for free on the Internet , and while I thought , at first , that there were problems with the copy protection that needed original copies to circumvent , I have found this assumption to be completely wrong . While the seller does good work , and I would buy other things from them , I have to advise potential buyers to find these games online instead , freely and , as far as I can tell , legally .
 this is definately an old school game for D & D'rs . its everything you want in the old style gaming . hours of fun and fighting . This is n't just one game , there are seven games on these two disks and they are for all levels of fun . Do n't want to start as a first level group , then try the next game and start off as a higher level . did you just die , good thing you saved .
 Regardless of the review stated above ; how can you complain about anything when you ` re getting 14 games for under -LSB- amount paid -RSB- . I had no problem with any of the games.I ` m running a DELL Pentium 3/600 MHZ and 256 RAM.I have a 32 bit Diamond Viper/Riva TNT Video Card.These specs are overkill for these games , but they are still enjoyable if you love RPG ` s like I do.You ca n`t go wrong at this price.It ` s worth every penny .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Alright , first , Microbiologist , you been scammed , there are Code Wheels with the Game ! Mind you they bend the tips a little so it can fit in the CD case shaped box , therefore , the copy you have , is either been opened , or been used ! Secondly , those that say the games are mediocre , is not true . The only thing Mediocre about this grand package , is the Documentation ! Why I say grand package ? Well , when I first got the Gamefest version of FR Collection , I was stoked , for one , the Silver Edition is way too high , and the Gamefest is basically another version Silver Edition ! The RPG was never quite as done well on classic PC as the ADnD , no matter how much you spout about Might and Magic , Lands of Lore , or Wizardry , they got their goods from the Paper and Pencil version of ADnD ! Therefore , anyone who says that Sir-Tech and World Computing has bragging rights , needs to do their homework further ! Without the ADnD , or DnD Classic , we would n't even have Final Fantasy ! Now , the computer Version , maybe somewhat of a new melon compared to MnM or Wizardry , but yet , it has established a better interaction like the PnP games of ADnD/DnD ... Challenge me , compete against what I say ! I do not care ... For I am a man who knows that he spells terribally , and does poor grammar on purpose ! SO HA ! What do you think of that , all you Mr. Next Gen RPG Console lovers ? Old Gen is the way to remember the New Gen !
 Wow ! What an experience . Just finished Men of Valor after 11/2 weeks -LRB- abt . 4-5 hours a day -RRB- and it was unbelievable . I 'm playing on a high-end computer with Nvidia 6800 Ultra video card . I 've played basically all the Vietnam games from Navy Seals -LRB- 1990 's -RRB- , Nam , Vietnam
 Keeping in mind that this is after all , a game , I 'm going to rate this one pretty high , even though speaking as a veteran FPS gamer since 1993 this does break a few of my rules . First rule broken
 The Skinny : In This Dramatic , Cinematic Vietnam conflict First Person shooter , you 'll slog through rice paddies , Jungles , and more all the while watching out for charlie and your fellow soldiers ' backs . Nice sleek design and WONDERFUL sound gives this game all my 5R . With it 's new weapons and AI , the Vivendi Universal has , well , outdone themselves!FAQ : q-First person or third person?a - First person.q-Any body nicknamed
 `` Men of Valor '' plays somewhat like a cinematic production and less like a videogame at times . It is a good blend of realism and entertainment . It is rated 17 + , so be prepared for lots of swearing , blood , and graphic screams from the wounded . The dialogue and soundtrack for the game is very abundant , requiring 4 CD-ROMs . The aiming system is updated from the Medal Of Honor series , with a very basic sight-aiming option now available . But the aiming feature is still not as realistic as `` Call of Duty '' or `` Brothers In Arms '' . Since most weapons in MOV are spray n ' pray automatics , the sight-aiming system is mostly a non-issue . One thing not listed on the box requirements is a high-end videocard . If you have an nVidia Geforce MX series videocard , this game will not run properly . Even the latest Geforce4 MX cards wo n't work .
 While I was never in Vietnam , I was in the military in 1976 ; and this has the feeling of one of the more realistic Vietnam War era games out there . But there is also a large fun factor in this shooter too -LRB- along with being able to use some interesting weapons taken off dead enemies -RRB- .
 I have only played the demo version of this game but it appears to be a top notch FPS war game . I would suggest to the reviewer who was so upset with the content of the game that she check the ERSB ratings before buying any game for a minor child . Some of these games are only for adults who are capable of dealing with the violence and language . There are many other games available for children or adults who are offended by the more realistic war games .
 I like the small details example the fire flies , lightning , officers screwing up , artillery on present position .
 I wish they made more games about vietnam . It 's got alot of fun levels , the graphics are ok , the AI is kinda so-so , some of the levels are kinda intense . Anyway it 's a good game now , it was a great game when it came out . Definitely worth a play through .
 Men of valor is a pretty ok game . It not the best first person shooter it is certainly not the worst . Men of valor takes place in Vietnam it starts in the early stages and works it 's way right on through to the Tet offensive and the siege of Khe Sann . The games shows what it was like for the soldiers who fought there without the media spin . It 's story may be where men of valor is it 's strongest it is entertaining and memorizing and will keep you occupied for a while . The computer Ai comes in second Dashing headlong though trails without seeking cover is a sure way to get you killed quick . The Ai takes advantage of cover and camouflage That may not be the tree swaying in the wind be on guard . The Ai also makes good use of ambush and flanking maneuvers but at time it will only seem like it ' s you taking on the entire enemy . this is why it is so easily to be killed . Think you killed an enemy behind a tree run past and they shoot you from behind . The games graphics are good but not the bold jump in technology not even when the game came out . It is a bit bugging but it is not too bad . If you have a good video card than it will be gorgeous . I 'd say a ati radeon 9250 at least will run it fine . Men of valor offers a gameplay experience that will keep you entertained but there is little reason to play it over .
 I downloaded the multiplayer demo the other day and i was surprised at the graphics -LRB- which are very good if you have a good video card -RRB- Also I was impressed by the way the weapons handled -LRB- Kick , aim ect -RRB- i have two beefs , one the guns should be a tad louder when shooting and being next to someone shooting & two the M60 and RPD sounds almost them same , which is kind of annoying because of the detail in the guns and stuff youd expect theyd give them different sounds
 Nice game lots of action , just a littlle too short , but loved playing it .
 If you like shoot em ' ups , then this title is well worth the purchase . The graphics are top notch whatever system you 're running . Even if you are running minimum specs . The weapon pickups are awesome , sometimes to the point of laughter -LRB- nuke -RRB- . You can configure the controls with ease , and even use joysticks . You may play this title online with a 56k dialup , which is a blast . No pun intended . Wo n't be a disappointment . I 've been an avid gamer for over 20 years .
 Alot of fun if youve got 20 min to kill . If your looking for some involved stratagy or realism this game is not it , but it sure is alot of fun to play
 Longbow 2 is still the best Helicopter simulation ever produced . Later ones have great eye-candy , but lack the immersion offered in Longbow 2 . Contrary to what has been said , it is still playable on today 's 32-bit operating systems including Windows Vista -LRB- 32-bit -RRB- . There are several fan web sites that offer excellent installation guides to get Longbow up and running on today 's operating systems and many have aftermarket campaigns/mods created by fans.When you buy try to make sure you get all the manuals , CDs , keyboard overlays . Even if you ca n't , the manuals and overlays ... are available on the fan sites , but it is easier if they come with your purchase .
 Good game and seller was great . Ordered on Sunday and received game on Wednesday . Disc was like new -LRB- as advertised -RRB- .
 Ca n't really comment on the game or the cards . I purchased these for a buddy of mine ... but the cards must have worked because he never told me any different . The game must be pretty descent too ... because he still buys these cards : -RRB-
 Even though the developers have forsaken this game and Platform . . Its still highly enjoyable and addicting . . I am Mostly on WOW these days . But every now and again . . I always come back for a Visit .
 I bought a few of these gamecards when it was around 5 dollars each , and when it went up to $ 24 , I was devastated , and found myself wanting to buy it , but then realized that it was no use since the monthly subscription was $ 15 . If this product was still $ 5 , I would of bought an astounding amount . Because EQOA was such a great game .
 This is by far the best football game ever made ... I am 29 years old and have been playing madden and nfl 2k and ncaa all my life . Those that bash the game complain about the stupidest things . Who cares about creating singsn or creating your community college . Who cares about putting wrist bands on players or being some dork campus legend . Video football games are for gameplay and graphics and this game delivers in a million ways ... Playing the game on my hdtv is amazing . The gameplay is so good that i stop to look at replays all the time . The offensive line blocking is the best of any sports game . The running animations are even better . This game will keep me busy for the next year ... It has a 60 year dynasty which requires me to just play and recruit . . I dont need spring games or to suspend players . That is nonsense and for little guys who dream that they can be that good ... I play my games for fun and gameplay and it delivers big time ... Plus some of the complaints here are not warranted cuz they can be done in the game ... To many casual fans here that dont know football and just want to have a shootout with the game ... Buy this game you wont regret it ...
 Alright first off i must say it doesnt have all the features that the old one had last year . Like create a school , the sports illustrated cover every week , and heisman race . But if your a true college football fan it has everything you need , Dynasty Mode and Online Play . What else is needed . The graphics are an upgrade and are only going to get better with time as they learn how to adapt . The gameplay is above average . It doesnt run as smooth as the xbox and ps2 did , but its not horrible just a small step down . I really would recomond buying the game if you love football . The dynasty mode is just plain and boring either . Its still got inseason recruiting and after . Its still got the heisman and all american canidates . Sooo go out and buy the game . Who cares if it doesnt have create a school or heisman race its got dynasty mode . Oh and not to forget the graphics are pretty nice .
 Sure the XBOX 360 has capabilities but within EA Sports it seems that they still have yet to figure it out.Sure the graphics are spot on and the gameplay is fun but it lacks any true additional things that we have n't seen in NCAA in the past three years . Was it difficult for EA to add mini-games but too hard to add practices and drills in Dynasty mode ? Dynasty mode is pretty bland with the biggest addition of off-season recruiting but even this was in older games.The gameplay is fun and seems to attack running quarterback more often on a higher difficulty but it seems that if you have a decent running QB you can still rack of chunks of yards even on Heisman difficulty and you still see quirks within the game that leave you scratching your head.Some additions for the more hardcore player is jump the line and the ability to blitz specific LB 's . Which are a good addition and helps within the Gameplay and the jump the lines helps to time game-saving tackles if you time it correctly.The gameplay itself still seems a tad easy though where the Long pass is completed almost 80 % of the time even on higher difficulties and to me running at times seems a bit sluggish even with the best RB 's . Overall this is a buy for the 360 owner with no other system but I would suggest that if you are not a die-hard fan of the series to keep the money for Madden and rent NCAA at least to find out if it is a worthy buy.Pro 's - Gameplay is fun and interesting-Graphics are nice and spot on-Stadiums look greatCon ; s-Dynasty mode is dull and Mini games are fun but boring at times-Feature alone are not good enough to buy the game
 This is a great game , I love all the game modes , the dynasty mode and even the mini-games are pretty cool . I am not much of a football-nut , but this is fairly easy to get into and provides hours and nours of great fun .
 This game is alot of fun mainly because of the graphics . Everything is so realistic from the quarterbacks to the kickers . The AI is very nice , and you really feel like your watching a live football game being played . They do n't have reace for the heisman , or rushing attack , which is upsetting , but they still have a great dynasty mode , and some new fun mini games . Buy this game if you love football and you care about graphics . This game is meeant to be played either with a friend , by yourself in dynasty mode , or online.Its not for people who like all the speical game modes .
 I wish we could all take your review seriously , but since every other review you have written has been about how bad EA games are , it totally ruins your credibility . At least other people know they should n't take your reviews for the gospel truth and more just angry man entertainment value . I think maybe you should stop playing EA games ... they seem to make you really mad . This is a beautifully constructed game with depth and the right amount of acheivments as well ... none with too much value . A must see for any 360 owner -- you can download the demo for free from Xbox Live Marketplace .
 This is a lot better than the Madden 2007 NFL football game because it 's realistic while being fun to play . Pick from virtually any Division I college football team and work your way up the BCS rankings to a bowl game . Because the defense can make things happen and force offenses to punt a lot , scores generally stay realitic . Passing offense for the player is unreal . So far my passer rating for Florida is over 100 but I have one more interception than I have touchdowns . I 'm on week 3 ranked number 6 but something got screwed up I ca n't advance to week 3 . While NFL football games continue to allow aimless gloating , this college game just blows away - it 's realistic while being fun . The run game can be shut down easily if you become too dependant on the pass because it 's really easy to get pass happy with gaping holes in the defenses , even allowing hail mary 's on first and second downs with plenty of time left to be completed for 20 , 30 , 40 yard gains . A lot better than NFL because the coach has total control , not the owner .
 NCAA is a fun game but does n't really make you feel like wow this is the future of next gen football . There is n't a big difference from the ps2 and 360 version graphics . They still have the `` a '' buttons for your juke I miss it being on the shoulder buttons . On the plus side the running AI is a lot better than the release madden . I can actually run the ball this time . The AI defense sucks why are the defenders still doing man coverage when the QB is running past the line of scrimmage . The new momentum meter to me has no real effect . Its a allright football game in my book I 'll probably play this until madden comes out and pray to god that it shows a little more growth in the graphics and gameplay department . Also to let you know there is no heisman mode in the 360 version just the dynasty mode . The kicking is no longer press `` a '' and then press `` a '' again . It is more like a tiger woods golf swing in which you have to pull back on the right analog stick and flick it forward . Its an intresting approach thats not to bad just needs to get used to.Anyway NCAA does have some nice graphics for the 360 just nothing mind blowing awesome . I wish they kept some of the things from last years game . The Lee corso game pics with them putting on their pics helmet or mascot head are now gone . The cool feature is when you watch a replay manually you can take a snap shot of what is going on saving all the monster hits you put on the opposing team . A big let down is the this is only a two player game you can no longer have your friend on the same team and kick some butt together.My judgement is Rent it if your not a hardcore football fan . But if you are I know you will buy it .
 EA comes out with another hit , however their first on 360 . The depth and realism of the fields and stadiums not to mention the two mile radius around each stadium is amazing . The fact that the shadows are in the realistic placement to where the sun would be at the time of day of the game just goes to show how much time and effort the developers put into 2007 . Rosters are tight and clean with the option to name the unnamed players , gameplay has been improved with about 10,000 new animations , and the cut scenes are entertaining at first . The only negative to this game so far is how it bogs down when panning into the coin toss . Overall , EA 's best game on the new platform .
 you guuys are like oo theres norace for the heisman mode but rly all that wa for was to take emphasis off the awful gameplay that was ncaa 06 this game is all about the game play and it is very fun the only thing that bugged me was no celebrations and the players dont come out of the tunnel
 This is an excellent game . Excellent graphics , beautiful stadiums , the crowd really gets into the game . The only thing that the game is lacking is that not all the stadiums are in the game . I attend the University of Southern Mississippi and the stadium in the game did n't look nothing like M.M. Roberts stadium . Let me tell you , if your school is n't one of the big schools , then your stadium is not in the game . Overall , this is a must buy , even if the stadiums are n't all there .
 I care about the UI
 This is the best game ive ever played . Its graphics r amazing and its gamplay almost matches 2004 's
 Well EA has done it again , a great game with great graphics and gameplay . The dynasty mode is great with all the recruting pitches you can use for different players that are in the area or maybe far away . One of the downsides is that there was no game play put in for creating your own athlete and going through as the individual player and making big plays . Other than that I would recommend for just the dynasty mode .
 The graphics are pretty good . The gameplay is awesome . I really do n't like the fact that the other game modes -LRB- Race for the Heisman , Classic ... etc -RRB- are taken out . If you want to strictly play college football this is the game for you .
 i have been into NCAA football since i got 2003 when it came out and purchased one every year since , and when ur in iraq fighting a war , dynasty mode really kills time ... i give it 5 stars
 i am addicted to this game ... great graphics and very realistic game play ... all the people that dont like this game are just upset that there teams stadium wasnt in the game or they were in a hissy fit that there was no race for the heisman ... GO HUSKERS
 I have to admit that when I first starting playing this , I was a little confused by some of the gameplay . I have found that this is because I have played Madden for so long , I was not used to this . Once I played it for a while , it has become my favorite football game . I just had a party last weekend with some of the guys over and I think I liked this better than watching the super bowl . Great game !!!!
 I 've read some of the reviews above , and they 're a little harsh . The graphics are great , even on a low-def TV . The new playcalling layout may look different at first , but it makes it a lot easier when those 25 seconds are ticking down to find the perfect play . And yes , some features are missing . But when you have to fit all the game features and hi-def graphics -LRB- which take a lot of code and space -RRB- onto the same size disc as the previous console , developers are forced to drop things . Overall , the gameplay is great , the crowds finally have different movements . The only problems I 've experienced are the momentum meter acting backwards , and penalties and challenges going the wrong way . These mistakes are extremely rare however.If you want to buy this game , rent it first and see if you 'll really miss the other features . Then I 'm sure the price will drop extremely quickly just like Madden 06 .
 Do you know what I love ? Every year a new version of a football game comes out and people 's expectations are so high they practically expect to be in the video game.I found this game to meet my standards as well as expectations . No it dose not have every single stadium In the game . However I did not buy the game to look at the pretty stadium . I bought it so that I could play football . The graphics are simply fantastic and the dynasty mode is very deep . I am on my 26 season now and the fun factor is still the same as the day I bought it if not more . People are rating this game after one day of playing it . I am not going to lie the first time I played this game I was slightly disappointed . However , the more I played it them more I started to enjoy myself . So my advise is if you love football then you should love this game just give it some time .
 well first off , i owned ncaa 2007 for Xbox first and that was a fun game becuase of all the play options and no-nonsence control setup . now ... ncaa2007 for 360 ... a little different ... Great graphics ... but the fact that there is no CAMPUS LEGEND really dissapointed me , and its a little harder to pick plays in the time allowed , seems like the 25 second clock runs fast . other than that , it is a good game . Just have to realize that all the Xbox 360 games are `` New '' meaning , they do n't have a templete to add to like original Xbox games do ... so im sure ncaa2008 will have everything the xbox version will have plus improvements .
 Looks great and more fun with Madden because it 's actually a game you can relate to because you can play as your alma-mater .
 This is NOT a game . It 's a collection of media relating to the world of Silent Hill . This includes a comic book , pictures from the games , some art , interviews with some of the game 's makers -LRB- including musical genius Akira Yamaoka -RRB- , and a selection of music from games 1-4 . If you 're crazy in love with Silent Hill , and you have a PSP , then this one 's a no-brainer . Buy it and love it , or Pyramid Head will drag you away .
 I love all the Silent Hill games , since the first one came out . I was thrilled to see that they added this game to their arsenal . It is a great game , and a great plus is that you can pick up almost anything in the game to use as a weapon -LRB- i.e. IV stands , TVs , etc. -RRB- . The game play is awesome , and the soundtrack is wonderfully eerie -LRB- best played with headphones -RRB- . I highly recommend this game to any Silent Hill fan . It 's an excellent addition to your collection .
 This is a MUST for silent hill fans . It is beyond words . Its worth any price you pay for it cuz it give so much and has so many hidden features .
 This is NOT a game . Some people seem to think it is . Just remember that it 's a UMD , which basically means it 's a video . It 's got interactive menus , which are pretty cool , and set in the school of Silent Hill . Creepy atmosphere , exclusive videos and comics make this a very cool addition to your collection.There are a few problems , such as in the sound track area , you can not `` play all , '' and must go back to the list every time and select the next song . I usually do n't listen to the entire Silent Hill soundtrack , though , so this is n't that big a deal . The comics also are not as good as the box makes them sound , but that is just my opinion.All in all , this is a very good addition to any Silent Hill fan 's collection . However , I would not say that this is a must-have by any means . If you like the series , I recommend it . If you 're new to the series , then I recommend playing the games first ; a lot of this game would not be very interesting . Yet .
 If you are a big Silent Hill fan you will love this game . The comics are amazing and the hidden special features are awsome . well deserves 5 stars .
 i just ordered this but no i do not have a psp yet , but im going to buy that next . I bought this because it sounded interesting and strange and ive seen clips of all the recent games and saw the movie so I figured what the heck ? right ? so we shall see
 I recently purchased this interactive movie and I must say I am very happy with it . Here are my pros and cons so you can make up your mind whether you will buy it as well : Pros : - Great material included inside.-The comics were translated into video very well and come to life as you read them.-The music picked out is great.-The special hidden features are amazing , specially the extremely disturbing fuko video featuring the beloved pyramid head apparently `` romanticizing '' a fellow apparition.Cons : - It should have had more special features from the game.-And it is a bit slow to load sometimes.The one thing I do wish they had added is at least a narrator to read the comics , otherwise I think the silent hill experience is a great buy for any silent hill fan and a must have for any silent hill collector .
 I knew this was n't a game before I purchased it . As a huge fan of the Silent Hill Franchise I needed this piece in my collection.It such a great product , it has mini comics to other tidbits that the franchise offers . Not only that but the music by Akira Yamaokais in this title . This is definitely a product that will be rare to find once its no longer available to purchase . So if you have n't already , do yourself a favor and pick this up !!!
 It 's not a game it 's a dvd for the psp -LRB- aka umd -RRB- . Basically it 's a collection of all the promotional stuff you can find online plus some interviews . Not really worth buying unless your a SH collector like I am . I do LOOOOOVEEEE the animations on the menus though they are so AWESOME !
 I adore Silent Hill and while I tried to not have any expectations , I felt slightly cheated.I do recommend this in that I did like the interface -LRB- as unwieldy as the game -RRB- . I love the intro screen and was vaguely annoyed it was tough to get it back , even after removing & replacing the UMD.I was disappointed the most at the lack of substance . I was hoping to see the endings , a bit more of the making of the games , some insight on the characters , and the option to play all the songs.The PSP is a potentially powerful platform in portable game media and I think Konami missed the opportunity to jump on that.The Graphics novels , though a nice touch , were simply filler that unfortunately became the focus . These were written & illustrated by some of the more talented people in the comic industry -LRB- other comic lines that I do collect -RRB- , but they were not suppose to become the crowning jewel . Sadly after going thru the UMD - these were the crowning jewel.And the UMD contains only ONE video of the 3 that were present on the rare out-of-print dvd.I did expect to get the DVD content of LOST MEMORIES with maybe some extras . Maybe they should consider releasing THAT on the PSP.If you are a fan , get this but short of the graphic novels , you will not gain anything you probably did not already know or own.I did read the reviews and I was warned . I bought it anyway . It could have been worse - but damn it could have been so much better .
 This is on of the best umds i ever bought ! and even though it did n't have as much stuff as i thought it did , it still wowed me ! here are the pros and cons , pros : - amazing presentation of comics with music-20 tracks of what i thought was the best music of the series-cool hidden features like the fukuro video-intros of all 4 games and movie trailer-interviews with movie director and game creator along with music composer-Its on your PSP!cons : - not as much content as i hopedso overall , this umd is great !
 This thing is perfect . If you have an old NES , chances are it 's a pain to make it work properly . Well , if you 're willing to buy one of these and take it apart , you can have it working like new in an hour ! I bought an NES for $ 15 from one of my friends many years ago , and I knew that it did n't work well when I got it . However , I knew the secret of the pin connector , so once I replaced it , I blew their minds with how well it worked afterwards.A free , but more laborous proceture that you can do is to take a tiny screw driver , and manually re-align each pin connector . This takes a long time and lots of patience , but if for some reason you ca n't get ahold of a new connector , or you want to feel especially hard core , that is a perfectly viable alternative.Whichever option you chose to do , you should fix your pin connector ! The old `` blowing '' trick does n't last forever , and this is the secret to making an old NES work like a new one . Preserve classic gaming history , and fix an NES !
 If you own an NES , this is a must have . It takes about 5-10 minutes to install and it will make your system work like it did on Christmas morning when you were 5 . NES systems on EBAY that have the new pin installed go anywhere from $ 50 to $ 100 . Best of all the only tool you will need is a single Phillips screwdriver , unlike the SNES and later Nintendo systems which require a gamebit screwdriver . Just make sure you CLEAN all your games
 Your Nintendo -LRB- 1st Gen -RRB- wo n't work without it . These go bad in the originals all the time . I promise , when you replace it , your old Nintendo will work like new again . -LRB- Just make sure everything is clean -RRB- Buy it now . You know you want to relive the 8-bit days .
 When i broke my beloved nintendo i was in a depressed state . but now that i found this part to replace the broken one , i was walkin on sunshine . My 21 year old nes is a now a new gaming system .
 This replacement connector worked great . all my games work better now
 This item I am thinking I did not need , but got it anyway . Trying to fix my old and orignal NPS system . But what I am writting about is the delivery service . I swear the company was next door . I ordered this last night and it was here by 3:00 Pm . the next afternoon . Freaken incredable , Awesome !! Delivered in 18 hours , Unreal . GREAT JOB on delivery guys . Ca n't wait to get back into these old games .
 This will fix all problems -LRB- blinking , blowing , ect . -RRB- You must keep your games clean or it will be a downward spiral to the same problem . You have two choices buy a NES with it installed or buy this . This can be tricky to install for the normal person . Just have to read directions very carefully .
 With this I can enjoy my NES for many years to come . It was a little troble some putting it together , but I managed .
 easy to install with help of youtube videos . games start up much easier now with less fuss . my friends look at me like i 'm a god when i can slip a nintendo cartridge into the motherboard and have it start up on one try . #legendarystatus
 I had been battling with my NES for a while , trying to get it to work relentlessly , and eventually read about these . I was really reluctant to buy one , fearing that with my bad luck , the connecter was n't the issue , but as it turns out , it was!I 'm not surprised , as my 5 siblings , my parents , friends , and I all grew up playing this thing to death . I 'm surprised it was still in one piece after what we put it through . Our excessive use had however worn down the pins on the connector , and not cleaning the games before each use also caked the pins with plenty of grime.Swapping out my old connector for this one made it work like new again ! Though , it also made me realize just how dirty my games were . Plenty of the games work on first try -LRB- most of which were ones I received recently that had been stored in sleeves and were still pretty much clean -RRB- , and others take a bit of trying . A few I 'm still having no luck with , but they really are quite filthy . I 'll be cleaning them so I can play them!As another reviewer has stated ; this item well definitely fix your NES if the connector is the problem , and do n't give up on it just because the first one , or two , or five games are n't working - they likely just need to be cleaned !
 Great . . this will fix your Nintendo . . If your games do n't read or work at all , this will fix it . . It 's really really easy to install , easier than putting together Ikea furniture . .
 This is exactly the product you need if you want to fix that red blinking light of death which caused the unfortunate disposal of so many NES systems . Do n't throw yours away like so many others did -LRB- but then again , how were we to know how easy it is to fix ? -RRB- , you can fix yours with this part . There are many great tutorials online to show you how , so get ready to resurrect a piece of retro history ! I 've rebuilt 15 and each one works like it 's brand new !
 This was very easy to install . My games and system no longer need me to blow into them to get them working . Five Stars .
 OMG ... It Works =-RRB- It Really Does . . I Had A Feeling That Its Was n't Going To Work But It Did.Now I Can Play Some Of My Old Games Again.There 's Only One Thing It Works Great But . . You Have To Make Sure That You do n't Put The Game CartridgeAll The Way In . `` Meaning '' When The Cartridge Is Going In The Nes Make Sure That It 's Not Pushed All The Way In To The Back Of The NesSometimes You May Need To Move The Cartridge Around A Bit To Get The Pins To Read The Game ... So Besides That GAME ON !!! = -RRB- Thanks To LukieGames For There Product And Service .
 Well , almost . The NES 72 pin replacement connector , in most cases , can bring your NES back to life and the service from Lukie games was great . However , even when i replaced the part , my NES was probably too old and only worked for a short time . I ended up getting an NES Top Loader and all my NES games work like a charm . It 's a four star rating but again , good product and service .
 We purchased this in hopes that we 'd be able to play some of our old favorites , and so far it has worked well ! It 's been about a month since installing it , and all our old games are working .
 Came on time , actually faster than I expected . Ordered on Monday , got here on a Friday !!!!
 Came pretty fast and in good packaging . Installed it myself and it works really well .
 I just wanted to say that I had bought a new 72 pin connector for my NES System . I had been experiencing the blinking before and most of the time the games would not work for me . I bought the connector and although sometimes I have to blow in it still most of the time when it starts I do not have to worry about my games freezing up mid play like before . Also I have noticed that some of the games tend to work without even having to push them down in the system . Which is kind of weird I guess but the good thing is that I can play my old NES favorites again . I would totally recommend purchasing a new 72 pin connector to fix the blinking freezing or just plain not working issues with your NES system .
 My husband ordered this for me because I get so frustrated when we * try * to play my good ol' nintendo . It took us a few minutes to figure out the installation but WOW -- totally worth it . We threw in like 5 games that never work and boom-there they were ! Amazing . Do yourself a favor and stop blowing on the games -LRB- I tried to be tricky and blow cold then hot , ridiculous , I know -RRB- and get this thingamagig .
 I just got this in and I have never been so happy with how well a product works . Someone told me that if your NES is n't working , where the screen keeps flashing grey , to replace the connector . I finally decided to try it out considering the fact this thing is so cheap even if it does n't work , I wo n't heart broken over the loss of 10 bucks . So , after removing the 20ish screws it takes to get the old one out , I threw the new one in as well as Final Fantasy and voila . Worked instantly , no blowing in the console , no hitting reset a hundred times , just power on and play.So if you have they grey flashy screen every time you turn your NES on , give this a shot . Worked for me , hopefully it 'll work for you .
 It still showed the grey screen of death for majority of my games , but once i got the games working -LRB- which didnt take as long as it used to -RRB- the games were great and lasted as long as i played -LRB- more than an hour with perfect graphics and no resets -RRB- I definitely recommend this and disabling the lockout chip.The four instead of five is because it fit weirdly on the cartridge port , causing me to need to leave 2 screws slightly looser than i would have liked
 A few years ago , my neighbor was throwing out his NES because it barely worked anymore and when it did the blinking was so bad that it made most games unplayable . He went ahead and gave it to me instead of throwing it out , I used it for a while but it was really hard to get things working -LRB- blowing on the cartridge , restarting a million times , etc -RRB- . I finally Googled the problem and saw that it could be easily fixed with this part , I figured that it be worth the $ 8 to check , and took a while to switch out the part , but my NES now works like new , it starts right the first time , every time now . I could n't be happier .
 I replaced my the 72 pin connector on my NES with this one and let me tell you , this baby is SNUG . I can put a game in my NES and play it without pushing the game down . When I try and remove games it takes a bit of effort , but I can get them out by wiggling them a bit . I 'm sure after awhile it 'll break in and I 'll be able to get games in and out with ease ; other than that , the connector works great .
 Connector was easy to install . Goodbye to the flashing red light . NES works like new now .
 It did what the seller said it would do and now i can play all of my games without having any trouble
 I received this 72-pin connector and installed it immediately . All of my old NES games work . No more flashing lights ! Now I just need to expand my collection of games .
 Worked as soon as I installed it . Usually a bit more pricey elsewhere online , so great deal .
 this is the best thing for those looking to salvage an old NES . all you have to do is replace the old one with the new pin connector and the NES will work like new , without having to push the cartridge down .
 I had a totally muffed up nes console that I had sitting in my closet for years . I happened to have purchased it from a yardsale and then I replaced the 72 pin connector and BAM ! every single one of my carts works perfect almost every single time . No flashing screen ; nothing . Just make sure to clean your games !!! Follow a youtube vid , use an eraser and alchohol etc. search it ! Buy it ! enjoy !
 Found an installation video online , and I was well on my way to making my 25 year old machine work like brand new again . Installation was easy , and by cleaning my games too , my NES works like a charm ! Very Happy !
 This item works wonderful . Only issue I had was remembering where all of the screws were supposed to go when putting the Nintendo back together . The device came just as expected and as clean and new as expected . Once installed it has worked flawlessly .
 New Nes 72pin Connector Bulk Easy Installation With A Screwdriver Works W / Original 8-Bit Nes SystemThis NES 72 Pin Connector made our very old NES system work like brand new ! It was easy to install , and it came with easy to follow instructions . After it was installed our NES worked like brand new!I would recommend to anyone that has one of the original NES to purchase this little item for their system . It will make their system work like brand new too !
 This item was exactly what the Nintendo needed to make it work like brand new . If your games blink on and off when you try and use them then this is the fix for your Nintendo . Wish we knew that when I was a kid !
 about a year ago i found 100 + nes games in the garbage rangin from final fantasy to dr mario to ninja turtlesthen recently my friend gave me about 50 of them for free but my nes wouldnt play any of themso i gave upthen i stumbled upon this ... and it fixed everything ... took like 20-30 minutes to put in because those screws are hard as hell to get outi recomend this .
 This little thing did the trick to fix my old Nintendo system . It had a flashing power button issue where it would n't stay on . Installed the pin and now it works !
 My Nintendo Entertainment System was not working , and it was because my 72 Pin connector was worn out , this part was quick and easy to replace , great replacement part !
 I bought this hoping to get my old NES working and it did . I am enjoying playing all my old games again . My console does not work perfectly but it is better than it was .
 Have you tried cleaning your games ? If this product does not fix your Nintendo maybe you should clean your games and see if that helps .
 Used this part on an NES that would n't play games , period . Every cart inserted would result in a blinking red light . Swapped it out , cleaned up the games -LRB- again -RRB- and that problem vanished entirely . It still takes a little bit of effort sometimes to get the games to properly load -LRB- often the image is garbled , I blame poor cartridge-seating design -RRB- but it does at least load the game , every single time.If I ever encounter another NES that needs fixing , I 'll go straight for another one of these .
 This 72 Pin Connector is exactly what I needed and I ca n't fault it in any way . The pins were very tight , which is good , since it 'll ensure a good connection for some time.My NES was pink screening , but then I replaced the connector and everything worked perfectly . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I need to play Zelda .
 The 72-pin connector has given my NES a new life . It arrived quickly and as described . Easy to replace with the help of Youtube . I would recommend for anyone with an old NES laying around .
 5 Stars across the board . No question.They provided detailed instructions on installation on their site , and even mailed a written copy with the part.Delivery was speedy , installation was a snap . Just need a Philips Screw Driver.But results were fantastic!I was skepticalat first , I mean , the NES was one of my favorite systems , but it works . Put the game in , and play.Few things to know , however ; The pins will be tight . So if you havea older NES cartridge with a thicker board , try not to use it for the first few times.Dont leave your games in your NES ! they will wear down the tightness of your pins and then you have to repeat this all over again!During Installation , some things may be tight , or annoying to remove/apply . Dont get frustrated , jsut be gentle . Its most likely a 20 year old console , so its fragile.Kudos to the seller ! Great find .
 It works !!! I was worried about being scammed for $ 11 , but figured who cares , its $ 11 and my Nintendo `` might '' work like new again . Well after a literally 5 minute install , I threw Contra in -LRB- one of the games that would NEVER work -RRB- and it worked 1st try . I had to reset it for the code , lol , but it worked perfect . I highly recomeened this for anyone that wants to do CPR on this old school system . It will bring it back to life .
 I 've bought items from this company many times , and they always deliver well . The nintendo pins were no exception . I have the notorious blinking red light and there was a place in town that would repair it ... for 30 dollars !! I think not . I went on amazon and found these pins . I looked up some instructions online that were picture coded as you went . Great purchase as far as I 'm concerned . The nintendo works now , no need to blow into my cartridges , but sometimes I do need to move some of my games around in the machine.I 've found they if I get a bit of alcohol on a cotton swab and clean the metal pieces in the cartridge , it works like new . I have heard though that if you do this too often it wears those pieces down and the game wo n't work anymore . So I 've only done it once -LRB- and only needed to do it once ! -RRB-
 We received the product very quickly in the mail . My 9 year was very excited to play the NES we had recently picked up at a yard sale . I showed her how to take the NES apart , install the connector , and put everything back together . About 15 minutes later we were playing all my favorite old games ! After the 72 pin connector was installed games went from working 50 % of the time to 100 % of the time . Great product . I have already recommended it to several friends with old nintendos .
 This 72 pin connector was recommended to me by a friend to fix the classic game glitches of the old school NES . It is a great way to restore a system to make it play like new . Keep in mind that you have to have clean games too though . It is normal for it to be harder to push in a game cause of the new part .
 If you buy this connector it will save you many hours of misery if your looking at this then you have probably experienced the awfulness of putting in a nes game flashing screen , take it out blow on it put it in the graphics are messed up , go get some windex and a q-tip clean it and it works until 5 hours later and the game freezes and your done.This will stop all of that as long as you keep your games clean and the best way is to buy a security bit for cheap and clean them from the inside.Some people dont buy this and suffer because they are too scared to take their nes apart but its so easy anybody can do it all you need is a phillips head screwdriver.I would definetly recommend this product to any nes owner who has experienced the flashing screen or freezing of games .
 The 1 star reviews seem to have been made by people who do n't realize that this ca n't fix EVERY nintendo , just a lot of them . If the problem with your NES stems from a bad connector , then this product is going to work just dandy . If the problem lies elsewhere , then this is n't going to do any good . Sadly , as far as I know , there 's no way to tell the difference between a system that does need a new connector and one that does not ; other than buying a new connector and trying it out . The other thing you need to watch out for , something that I had issues with ; is that you need to test as many games as possible before you give upon the connector . Since most of my games have come from yard-sales and thrift stores , I had no way of knowing if they worked before fixing the system.Bottom line , if you 've got an NES that does n't work try this , it might fix your problems . Also , be sure to test 10-20 games before you deem the procedure a failure ; something may have damaged some of your games in the past 25 years , and you just did n't realize it .
 Easy to install it took about 10 minutes . If you are having difficulty you can find easy to follow instructions here
 When i got this i thought it would not work . But i went online and read that it fixes the games because it clamps down on the game to read it better . Now every single game that i have works perfectly and my worse game only has blinked a couple times but all i had to do was blow the game out and it worked fine . The only bad thing about this is that it is very hard to take the game out because it clamps so hard . But other than that it works fine .
 I highly recommend this connector , especially if you buy it from Culsam ` s original nes store , who provided me with an excellent customer service that included a message of how to clean my game cartridges.So let ` s talk now about the connector : If you get the red blinking light of death you should buy this connector as it will allow you to play videogames that you were not able to play as the NES never worked fineP.D I highly recomend also buying the 3.8 mm Security Bit to clean your cartridges .
 My son 's friend had a non-functioning old Nintendo system . Brief Internet search showed that this part is responsible for many failures of NES systems . It took about 30 minutes to take the NES apart and plug this in and the NES was good as new . I believe they are still using it .
 I 'm glad this worked out . I was nervous that I would waste the money on this gaming system , but the 72pin Connector was an easy fix . You do n't have to be a tech geek to replace the part . It 's fairly simple and now my Nintendo works like NEW . Thanks .
 The install was simple , and my Nintendo immediately came back to life ! We 've been playing Legend of Zelda nonstop !
 I could n't play any games on my old 8-bit Nintendo Entertainment System -LRB- NES -RRB- . I 'd put a game in , power it on , and get a screen that flashed between blank & yellow , blank & gray , or blank & pink . I bought & installed this replacement 72 pin connector , and now some -LRB- not all -RRB- of my games work !
 Prequel to the best computer game . Good graphics and a good story line . WWIII - the U.S. is trying to get out of the war by going to another galaxy .
 I love the PC version of Wolfenstein . When Wolfenstein 3D came to the consoles , I tried the SNES version first . The SNES version was an abomination thanks to it being `` Nintendo sanitized '' . The Jaguar version censors NOTHING . And the Jaguar version offers all of the PC levels . The game makes great use of the Jaguar controller ... you use the keypad to select which weapon you wish to use . One of the best games for the Jaguar . Highly recommended for fans of Wolfenstein .
 This is one of the best games of the era , personally my favorite . If I 'm not mistaken , this is exactly the same as the version that was on the computer which is so highly rated .
 To me , a disappointment in the Suikoden series . It seemed so promising , and though much of the game can be very entertaining , it is definitely a game that will need patience to beat . Here 's my break down : Gameplay
 DISCLAIMER : Before I begin , I should point out that I am biased in that I am a huge Suikoden fan , that I love anything having to do with old fashioned naval warfare , and that my favorite video game ever was Skies of Arcadia . That should be taken into account when reading this review . ^_^ INTRODUCTION : Suikoden , as a series , has been around for some time -LRB- for those of you unfamiliar with the series -RRB- . It has not become , nor has it ever truly been intended to be , a mainstream best-seller . It has however achieved `` cult classic '' status along with the likes of Lunar , Skies of Arcadia , Star Ocean , and other console RPGs which are typicaly well regarded yet which also sometimes lack the critical acclaim and popular success of other AAA titles such as Final Fantasy , KOTOR , etc.Suikoden IV has thusfar received - allbeit not dismal - fairly underwhelming critical reviews , and has been lambasted by fans as being full of small flaws which add up to detract from the enjoyment of the game utterly . Everyone is welcome to their opinion , but I must say that I sharply dissagree with these people.COMMENTARY : The primary flaws attributed to Suikoden IV -LRB- sensitive and `` unintuituve '' ship control , a too frequent enemy encounter rate , a shorter story than Suikoden III featured , the lack of Suikoden III 's `` Trinity Sight System , '' and an alleged - yet , to me , mystifying and untrue - lack of character development -RRB- all fall into the categories of being either a -RRB- easily overcome by reading the game manual , b -RRB- consistent with other similar games which people , for some reason , seem to overlook the shortcomings of , or c -RRB- stem from a lack of experience with the Suikoden series.In short people are spoiled and , frankly , more than just a teeny bit lazy when it comes to games these days it seems.Here are some tips for those finding the game unenjoyable due to the above `` flaws . `` Sensitive or `` unintuituve '' ship control , and/or difficulty reaching port because of being `` turned away '' from islands
 To begin , I would call Suikoden IV a slight disappointment . However , that is only because of the enormously high standards that the series has set for itself , and when compared to other RPG 's , Suikoden IV is an excellent game.Moving away from the Trinity Site System of Suikoden III , the game again focuses on a single hero who becomes the possessor of a True Rune , in this case the Rune of Punishment . This time the setting is 150 years before the events of the first Suikoden , and the location is the `` Island Nations , '' south of the Toran Republic and previously unvisited in the Suikoden series . General Suikoden rules apply , and the hero helps to gather and lead an army against a large opposition , united under the power of his True Rune.Now , to look where the gameplay goes wrong , let 's start with the renovated battle system . The number of usable characters in battle has been reduced from six to four , giving the player even less versatility when it comes to selecting his or her party out of dozens of recruitable characters . From what I understand in interviews , the battle system was changed in order to make it quicker , although in all honesty the first three Suikodens had some of the most fluent battle I have ever played , so I never really understood that decision . Spell animations have gone from the best I have ever seen in Suikoden III to very short and -LSB- in a word -RSB- unspectacular in Suikoden IV . One on one duels and major military battles remain , only this time the military fights are with ships -LRB- some have drawn comparisons to Skies of Arcadia in this regard -RRB- . The duels and the major battles are both disappointingly easy , almost to the point where they become an obstruction to the plot rather than an enhancement . The random battle encounter rate , especially when at sea , can become quite frustrating at times.Plotwise , the story was mediocre in my opinion , although that is something that is subjective . The most disappointing aspect of the game was how short it was , and how few towns were in it . For such a long wait , I was truly expecting a more populated world map with more than ten places to visit , and a lot more hours of gameplay -LRB- my first play through I ended up with a headquarters at like four hours in -RRB- . From a grander perspective , the story does not really help to answer any of the many questions Suikoden fans have amassed over the first three games , although it does add its share to our lists.Overall the game is enjoyable , and it certainly kept me playing through . But to be honest , this game just does n't hold up to the first three Suikodens very well . Too many changes with the battle system and gameplay , combined with a story set 150 years in the past with practically no returning characters have left this game almost not feeling like a Suikoden . I would recommend this game , probably more to people who have n't played the other Suikodens more than I would to longtime fans of the series .
 Great game - continuing saga in the Suikoden series . Each one is as good or better than the previous one .
 For most Suikoden fans out there , Suikoden IV is the unloved child of the family . For reasons that remain unclear to me , IV has gotten a really bad rap . But let me reveal the truth
 This game , unlike Suikoden 2 and 3 is the best addition to the 1st Suikoden ! The PS2 graphics add to the fun , and there 's alot of great gameplay to be had ! It takes a little practice getting used to maneuvering the boat , and the music while guiding the boat is a little off , but finding out what characters go with others to make special moves is half the fun . There 's alot of untold stories and twists and turns which make this a great game to replay . Once more , after you beat the game , you get access to the full ocean map and the armor which was not equipped on any characters after you beat the game . Just make sure to upgrade your weapons whenever you can , and trade by buying low and selling high . A definite ` must have ' for RPG players !
 Alright I 'm gon na start off by saying I 'm a huge RPG fan . I have all the Suikodens , Final Fantasies , Quest for Glories , Chronos , Legend of Dragoon , and I 'm very honest with them . There 's some i love -LRB- see Suikoden II -RRB- and some I wasnt too impressed with -LRB- see Legend of Legaia -RRB- and Suikoden IV is NOT as bad or mediocre as some magazines made it out to be . I hear a lot of people complain about the towns . Interestingly enough all these people are in their first or second hour . I 'm in ONLY the third town and the third town was very colorful and unique . If someone hasnt played enough to reach the THIRD town their opinion on the game and the graphics of towns based on the first one where u spend the first two hours , then they should not be playing RPGs . For those who have played Baten Kaitos and stuck with it past the second town -LRB- the first two were nothing special -RRB- got treated with unique and amazing towns that were just pure eye candy and for those who played Skies of Arcadia and overcame the blocky , weird characters and two building town at the beginning of the game were treated to one of the best RPGs of that console era . My point is this , Suikoden is a respected trusted franchise for a reason , do not base your purchase on the someone 's experience within the first two hours or even the first five . An RPG is a tale that develops and gets to the point were you feel for the characters . People like Snowe , Troy , and Glen are some unique powerful characters and are all within the first three hours . The beauty of what makes a suikoden unique is the castle aspect . I wont tell you where or when your base is but it is pretty cool , not as cool as previous ones but still a cool base . You can not review a suikoden without seeing YOUR own base , where the majority if the action and development happens.Your character doesnt seem to have much personality but in Chrono Trigger , what many consider THE best RPG ever , Chrono does not say a word , Chrono does not show emotion , but Chrono is a great character . Why is this ? Because you feel for Chrono , you become Chrono , the hero is this game is not as cool looking as Chrono , but he has the same exact personality ... yours . Dont buy this game because of what others say , like I said Ive seen my share of RPGs , I 've played all the classic of nearly every system , and Suikoden IV 's story , graphics , and battles are not the absolute best , not even in this series , II holds that distinction , but they are better than 90 % of the ones out there . I was pleased with this game , and I am going to continue being pleased for another five hours when i wake up tomorrow to finish playing . Make the choice , if you love RPGs go for it , if not , everyone has their thing , just give it past the first few hours cause you might be the one missin out . You never know
 the game was good and had some very good characters the only major problem i had with it is that the main character seem to be like the silent heros from the old days of rpgs meaning that he had no soul or character and did n't seem to have no character . i mean even hugo , chris , and geddoe have a character but other then the game was pretty good . the voices was n't too bad either and the naval battle system was great .
 People have been bashing this game . Just becuase someone gave it a bad review does n't mean you have to go into the game looking for promblems . You 'll set yourself up for disappointment . I chose to completely ignore the reviews and judge the game by my own standards . Let me start by saying that I own all the Suikodens and the IV plays like a Suikoden should . The game has its flaws -LCB- the main character looks and moves stupid -RCB- but it is n't to the degree that people make it out to be . Someone said the graphics suck . I take it that person did n't really pay attention to the first three . If he had , he 'd of realized that these graphics -LCB- though not stunning -RCB- are better than any Suikoden 's ever had . Not saying this is the best Suikoden , but if you truely consider yourself a fan , then you should n't be dissapointed . I 've seen reviews as low as 1 star . ... . C'mon people , just cause it did n't knock your socks off does n't mean you have to hate like that . Do n't call the game BAD because it did n't meet YOUR expectations . I 'm not far enough to say where this game fits in compared to the other three . But I am far enough to defend it against 1 star rating HATERS . If you call yourself a fan , you can get the game -LCB- which is $ 39 instead of $ 49 -RCB- and judge it for yourself . You owe Konami that .
 This is a great game , but it does go a bit left for some who are used to strategy games . If you do n't like battles at sea , stay away . If you are open minded , get this game .
 First of all i would like to say that i have played this game and beaten it , overall the story is better than most RPGS . Theres the heavyweights that have great stories such as final fantasy , star ocean , yknow , the stereotypical `` good '' rpgs , this game would lie just below that . I liked the characters , and the voice overs were nice in this game . The only thing that really bothered me about this one was that you could only have 4 people in a party instead of 6 , and that Konami decided to take out features in this one . This was actually a very enjoyable game , its only problem is that it took a step backwards , its as if suikoden 4 should have been released in 2002 , and suikoden 3 should have been released in 2004 , it was a good game but it would be like making final fantasy 8 , and then making final fantasy 7 , and even though most people would agree 7 is the better game , if they were made in reverse order , 7 would get a much lower rating because it took a step backwards , its the same with suikoden 4 , the way i see it , this game isnt full price like most , its only 40 dollars , and its well worth it , do yourself a favor and buy this game
 ... but I figure it 's a good time to mention a nice website . www.suikosource.com is THE place for info regarding the Suikoden games , as well as info for upcoming releases , series games not released in the US , and even the excellent novel , `` Outlaws of the Marsh '' -LRB- on which the games are based -RRB- . No , I do n't work for the website , I 'm merely a satisfied customer.It is a shame that the game has been delayed AGAIN -LRB- judging from the release date up top ; I had heard that it would be here in November , then in January , and now we 're up to March -RRB- . The game has been out in Japan for some time ; Konami is typically bad about bringing this series over -LRB- anyone who bought Suikoden II , maybe five of you , may remember the delays and the still-persisting bugs - here 's hoping they get it right -RRB- , but you can read about the game on the website above.About the game , well , it is set on the Island nations -LRB- the home of Amada from Suikoden II -RRB- , about 150 years before the events of the original Suikoden . You -LRB- the main character -RRB- are the inheritor of the terrible Rune of Punishment , one of the 27 true runes , but seemingly the worst of the bunch . Sure , the rune gives you power , but at the cost of sapping your life -LRB- most runes grant eternal life -RRB- until you die , at which point the rune finds another unlucky bearer . I ca n't say much more , since I refuse to read through the entire plot summary before I play the game , but if you must know , suikosource is the place to go.Yes , I am culling together info from websites , so do n't lambast me ! Think of my scoring as a potential score - I am a fan of the Suikoden series , and the info I have found makes this game appear really good ! Of course , I was a bit disappointed with the third game -LRB- as were the makers - check out some of their interviews ! -RRB- , but I have high hopes for this newest installment . Happy gaming -LRB- er , in March -RRB- !! Addendum
 Well , I just beat Suikoden 4 without getting all 108 characters and I thought I would write a review . I have all the other Suikodens and I enjoyed them -LRB- especially 2 -RRB- , but for some reason no one likes to read my reviews . Oh well.So Suikoden 4 takes place about two centuries before Suikoden 1 . If the gamer is expecting to see many returning faces , they will be disappointed . Needless to say , the game starts off rather slow . Give it about 2-3 hours , and you will be hooked . Unfortunately , there is never really any reason why there is a war like in the other three games . Instead , events seem to just happen and the characters react . The action is pretty one-sided for the most part . While you collect your 108 characters , the enemy does n't seem to attack and the ball is always in your court . I will list a few pros for this game as well as a few cons.Pros1 . The graphics look very nice . They are a step about Suikoden III .2 . The voices do n't really kill the mood . For the most part , they are all well-acted for an rpg .3 . Magic is easier to cast in this game than in 3.4 . Some of the characters are great and will probably grow on you .5 . For the most part , the music is nice . Sure a few songs are crappy , but the soundtrack fits the game well . There are times when I would prefer to listen to Iron Maiden , but the music for this rpg will do .6 . There are many sidequests to look out for.Cons1 . While many characters are entertaining , some lack depth and are just there to fill in space . I did n't really feel any emotions towards many of them . Furthermore , the conflicts each main character has do n't really make much sense and the audience is left wondering what the hell is going on .2 . The naval battles get old after a while . The last battle is a piece of cake if your fighters are at least at level 41 or so . I do n't think Konami really thought this through .3 . Speaking of the sea , getting too close to islands will knock your ship off course . It gets annoying after a while .4 . There are too many random encounters in the game and the enemies do n't really drop enough money . The equipment in this game is quite expensive and without money , it is definitely hard to stock up for your characters .5 . I will not spoil it -LRB- there is another one , though -RRB- , but the ending is lacking . It leaves you wondering what this has to do with the 25-30 hours you put into this game . The other three Suikodens tied everything together at their ends , but this one does not .6 . Beginning = slow . Middle = drawn-out , one-sided , but interesting . Ending = disappointing.Well , these comments are all I have to say about Suikoden 4 . I did enjoy this game -LRB- even though it sounds like I hated it -RRB- , but it certainly is lacking in depth compared to its predecessors . I would recommend picking it up because like the other games , it will soon be gone I imagine . On a completely awkward final note , Konami should hire me to write the script for Suikoden 5 - I could probably do a better job making a story with awesome characters and gameplay.Peace Out .
 I finally got around to playing this game several months after its release . The game look great and is available in 480p progressive scan , it sounds great , the combat system is fluid , and the leveling system intelligently discourages `` the grind '' and assures that your characters will preety much be at the right level for optimal play . There 's also a whole bunch of addicting mingames . The story is also pretty good too.The game has one major , dealbreaking , flaw
 The playing experience is cool.I like duel which was a little improved.The part on traveling in the ocean was kind of boring.I say it is good to play it and have some fun . The hero in the game is pretty quiet . Only you can tell him what to say . -LRB- It is still a good game !!! -RRB-
 I love Suikoden I & II and I really enjoyed 3 . So far , IMHO Suikoden IV is shaping to be one of , if not the best , chapters in this series . Even though we 're only about 3 hours into the game , the story is very compelling . The characters that we 've encountered so far are very well rounded and developed.I suggest that the last reviewer play more than an hour of the game before making such negative comments
 if you love this types of games , this one is a MUST HAVE !
 Ok . This game is about some europiean war back in 1740s . Characters from the anime star in it . 850 cards . Tough opponents.This is a heck of a game . You choose to be on the red or white rose side and your character comes from the future -LRB- now -RRB- . Do not get annoyed if you beat a lot . . try Custom duels or duel against a friend.P.S . I like this game and it comes with three promo cards : Alpha , Beta , and Gamma
 This game is a very fun and addictive game . I chose the game for my younger brother , but ... i ended up playing it hehe.I have never watched yugioh or played the card game . I am however a fan of strategy rpg games such as final fantasy tactics and hoshigami . Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duelists of the Roses has a similar set up to a strategy game . The same `` chess-like '' movement across the screen . Similar tactics come into play . The game is hard at first but once you get the hang of the controls and the way didfferent cards such as magic cards , trap cards , and battle cards work ... it is addicting . I love challenging games where you have to think . The variety of cards and uses takes this game to a a level of entertainment that 'll never get old . I would not recommend this game for people under 10 years of age . The game can be quite difficult at times . If you like yugioh tht carton show and like challenges this game is for you . Even if you 've never seen yu-gi-oh like me it 's still a great game .
 Do n't get me wrong I enjoy the Yu-gi-oh cartoon/anime series . But I 'm not an expert duelist . I let my little brother duel with the cards . I purchased the game so we can duel & I do n't have to calculate life points , etc. etc. . -LRB- it 's easier -RRB- ... . Well , I found out that dueling is hard ... but since I 'm not an expert , maybe it will be easier in the future . I do have 2 complaints . The first is that thys game should feature online play with the network adapter . Then maybe I could download new cards for my deck & battle other people to test my dueling skills -LRB- once I acquire some -RRB- ... Second - This game should utilize the i-link feature of the PS2 . Where u hook 2 PS2 's & 2 TV 's ... Thys feature has been available since Gran Turismo 3 & should be a standard option for all games with 2 players -LRB- no more split screen battles -RRB- . . but especially on a card game such as Yu-gi-oh ... The hide/open option just does n't work ... That makes thys really 1 player game . My last problem I 've been having deals with - Fusion . Or combining monster cards to create new monsters . When u play with the cards , the purple monsters tell you what cards u need to create them . But so far , I can not find out what indicates which cards are fuseable . The instruction manual says - -LRB- pg 36 -RRB- - `` Failed combos can lose you some of your most valuable cards , so be sure to check the compatibility of cards before attempting to combine them . '' Thys is easy when combining a monster card with a power-up because the monster card tells you which power-up it 's combatible with . However , the rulebook & instruction manual fails to simply say - Cards of the same attribute can be combined ... Or - Cards of the same type can be combined . . I 'm suposed to check the compatibility of the cards before trying to combine them , but it does n't mention what indicates that they are compatible . Thys is frustrating & has resulted in me basically getting new monsters out of dumb luck & often unplanned results.The game itself is beautiful ... and appears to be deep , which will provide hours upon hours of gameplay ... I lost my fyrst 32 battles ... before picking up the instruction book ... Then I lost another 10 before finally beating the computer ... Thankfully , my record is 1-0 , using the old - save & reload - trick ... Plus u get rewarded with more cards when u beat the computer . You can also continue to duel against computer opponents that u have already beaten & continue to acquire more cards ... Also , u can practice dueling against the computer & get more cards when u win ... This game looks beautiful & does become easier to understand & play . I 'll be reading strategy guides , hint & rule books - in addition to picking the brain of every 11 year old Yu-Gi-Oh card player I encounter - in order to beat thys game . Cause I see I 'm gon na have to become a very serious duelist ... Maybe I should just stick to Madden ... That concludes my fyrst ever Amazon review ... Hope it was helpful ... Peace . ~ Game
 This game is a lot of fun . I 've played it many times all the way through using different starter decks . You just have to put in an hour or two to get past the introduction and get into the game play . If you expect this to be like the Yu-gi-oh card game , you 'll be upset . But if you pretend this is a brand new strategy game that just happens to have Dark Magician , then it will be a lot of fun.Warning - because the rules are complicated at first , younger kids will get frustrated easily . My little brother and sister -LRB- ages 7 and 5 -RRB- have NO desire to play this game . But I play it any chance I can - it 's fun having a game where strategy can make up for a weak deck !!!
 First of all , this is odd in the Yu-Gi-Oh ! style , because it is set in VII century England in the reign of Henry VIII . Yep . Yami is n't a pharoah , he 's Henry VIII ! But the gameplay is reasonably fun , you do n't use a deck - you use monsters in a kind of 3D board game . It requires strategy and intense thinking to overwhelm your opponents with your incredible monster army . Do n't kid yourself , all the old faves are here - Dark Magician , Blue Eyes White Dragon etc - plus you get three incredible promo cards - the three magnet warriors that Yugi has in his deck in the Battle City cartoon ! I reckon you should really play this because I think its amazing and addictive .
 guys do not buy this game it is so stupid i meen it is not like dueling regular it is so stupppid how you duel it doesnt even explain that much how to do combos trust me its not worth that much
 this game is the best game ever . this game has the best graphics and is the best yugioh game made so far . as soon as i bought it i also looked at the cards were alpha the magnet warrior , beta the magnet warrior and 1 more card
 I could give this game 0 stars , but the graphics are Great.If in some way someone can contact KONAMI and tell them to make a game with the real dueling style a lot of kids could be happy.I rented this game for my son and he did not like it.The gameplay is tottaly different and is hard for a biginner.Im glad i rented it first.Although the graphics are great , the gameplay is really not .
 This yugioh game is the illest . There are over 680 monsters , plus you can do a lot of stradegy . Whatever you see in the show , you can do it in the game . It has great graphics and it could be the game of the year .
 duelest of the roses is a easy game i dont know how people have a hard time well i beat the game the same day i got . well this it what i want to tell you guys you like the game after you beat the game duel lots and lots and lots and lots of times on the hards guy like the end guys and around 500 wins or so you will get the god cards but its hard i only got 2 and am the best all my friends cant beat well thats all but dont think that you got like 500 wins you welll get a god card but am not jk i mean it you can get thoughs cards bi bi ib ib
 I found that the game has several flaws in it . Like that the computer has so many good cards and you have like 2 good cards . It doesnt even resemble duel monsters and you have to move the card to be able to attack . and the computer always has his field advantage . these are just some of the bad things
 I bought this game just this week and already find myself hooked . But be warned this game is not for those who are easily frustrated . You 've probably heard that there are over 680 3-D rendered monsters , and that 's true , but this game is all about strategy and outhinking your opponents , knowing what monsters to use in certain situations . During the game you must select a deck with which to duel , and pick wisely because the deck you choose could mean a constant losing streak resulting in constant restarts . The graphics are somewhat on par with those of the Final Fantasy series -LRB- it 's like a constant summoning of monsters -RRB- . And in closing this game is right up there with some of the best in terms of strategy in graphics , but do n't be fooled it 's not as easy as you think
 I think this is the best game ever because it follows the tv show in a lot of ways and you feel like your actually their in the duel monsters world !
 Just as much fun as it was almost 7 years later . A cross between chess and dueling , if you do n't have it get it .
 I have got to say this is one of the greatest playstation 2 games i have ever played . Its all about strategy and how use your cards wisely ... i bought this game 3 times ... 2 friends stole my copies because of how much fun it was !!!
 This is the first game my 6 year old son has beaten . He beat both sides in less than a month . That does n't mean it is easy . It would have been easier if we had read some directions first , instead of using trial and error.I hear a lot of complaints that this game is too hard , so I thought I would give a few directions for beginniners . I am not trying to be insulting but these are a few things I wish we knew earlier . ** TIPS ** Your deck must have fewer points than your opponents . I know that seems bad but there is often a reason . Some people with weak decks have flowers on their field that you ca n't place strong monsters on . If your deck has too many strong monsters , you ca n't move them.Stupid flowers on the field . These kill off all strong monsters . If you ca n't go around , use weaker monster . Try to get your leader across them before summoning strong cards . Try to find someone like the roaring ocean snake . If you flip him face up , he turns flowers into water . Sweet!Don ' t skip the blah blah words too fast . After beating several opponents , my son scrolled through so fast we did n't get the code for new monsters . You add these by pressing your left joystick down in the deck area . Here is a freebie JXCB6FU7When you build your deck , you need to get rid of monsters from your deck -LRB- the right side of the screen -RRB- , using the square on your controller and add new ones from your chest -LRB- the left side -RRB- with the x. Your deck has to have 40 cards . Especially if you win good cards after a battle , you want to do this . I know it seems obvious but we did n't get this until we were nearly done with the first side : -LRB- If you lose five battles , you can trade one card in for three new ones . Go to your chest -LRB- under the deck icon -RRB- . When you click on a card it may say reincarnation at the bottom of the screen . If you push your joystick down , you can trade it in for new cards . Every five losses you can do this and that includes if you surrender a duel.Fusion-you can combine two cards by using arrow up when you are preparing to lay a card down . Make sure your stronger monster is number 2 and the weaker one is 1 . If they do n't combine , you are left with the higher numbered monster , so make sure that is the stronger one.Beast and plants nearly always combine . Note nearly . Once you find two cards that do combine , you may want to write them down.Winged beast cards and fiend cards often make Chimera , the flying mythical beast.Dragon and thunder cards almost always combine.Spellcaster cards may combine with other spellcaster , fairy or thunder cardsIf you find two cards that normally mix that do n't - remember them . You do n't want to keep killing off good cards that just wo n't fuse.Power ups . Check the details of individual cards to see which power up works on it . Then make the power up card number 2 . If yu use a power up that does n't work , it kills your monster card . If you have a power up that does n't work with many of your cards , get rid of it . It always seems to be in your hand hogging up space.Yes , your opponents often have ridiculous abilities you do n't . There are a few spell and trap cards that help even this out . Check and see what they do before adding them to your deck . We had one that takes 500 life points from our opponent when turned face up . A shame we did n't know that until we were half way through the second side -LRB- Red roses -RRB- , since some of the opponents have cards that steal 1000 life points each turn ! We could have beat the game way sooner if I had told him what the spell cards actually do.Good luck . We had a lot of fun with this once we understood it a little .
 I bought this game when i was 4 and i loved it.Now i playing it agin and i still love it.The grafics are good for its time as well i recomend this for people who want to dule for about a mounth because this game has a really big story as well .
 Well first and foremost it 's a good game . Graphics are good , gameplay is interesting but gets kind of slow at times . It has an interesting environment that 's new compared to some other Yu-gi-oh games . The way you collect cards at the end of the duels with the slot machines is pretty interesting . If you 're looking for something new , this is a good choice.But , like any other game , it has some flaws . The most noticeable one is the intro ! It is so long and annoying ! It 's not even a cutscene or anything . It 's just a ridiculously long series of text boxes that have to be gone through one at a time . Even going through as fast as you can it takes forever . Next is the difficulty . It 's a very hard game . You are given a choice of several decks to start with , but they all suck . Not only that , but your opponent always gets the field terrain advantage . This goes both ways , as I would rather have a challenge than a breeze-through , one hour long game , but it 's just too hard.A pretty good game overall , just takes a very long time to get through .
 I had purchased this game when it first came out , my son was a little young then it was hard to play for him.Now the second time around we found it most entertaining , I would recommend your child be at leat 8yrs old to enjoy it to its fullest .
 Yu-Gi-Oh ! was a popular manga that spawned into an anime and a card game . While I expected the first Playstation 2 Yu-Gi-Oh ! game to follow the story of the anime ; it does n't . Yu-Gi-Oh !
 First of all , ignore the backstory . This game could very easily have been set at any point in history ; aside from inspiring the classical background music , the setting has as much influence on gameplay as in any Yu-Gi-Oh game
 Before you say anything I am not a Yu-Gi-Oh card freak -LRB- sorry fan -RRB- and my younger brother bought this for one of my birthdays.This game does have some historical content -LRB- war of the roses -RRB- and tries very hard to make you think that you have free will by letting you choose at the beginning whether you can be good or evil -LRB- With Kaiba or Yugi . -RRB- That aside though , the rules are different to regular duelling . It involves a grid of sqaures where each card is moved like a piece on a chess board and you have to defend your king known as the leader of your deck . I 'm used to complex rules in games and once you get to grips with the rules this can be quite a strategic game with advantages being affected by the terrain , monster affects and trap cards.Yu-Gi-Oh nuts will love this ... if you 're not though you 'll get bored in the end . But then again is n't that the case with everything ?
 This game is absolutely genious ! If you 're a yugioh fan and you like playing chess . This is the game for you . Monsters and spell cards are all the same , the only difference is that you have to walk your monsters . Instead of placing a monster card down and attack right away , you have to walk them to your opponent 's monsters , then the battle takes place -LRB- with beautiful 3-D monsters -RRB- . This game is all about thinking strategically and showing your opponent variety of surprises such as trap cards , magic cards , and/or monster effects . Not only do you move your monsters across the field , you can also move your magic and trap cards , psyching the opponent out ! i 've already beaten the game for both Yugi and Kaiba version . The best match that I had was with Yugi , Kaiba , Pegasus , and the last master . All I want to say is this game is awesome . There are varieties of strategies in defeating your opponent . This is n't like Forbidden Memories where you can just summon any monster regardless of rules , like Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon , this is better . You follow the rules . My favorite combo was when I used Monster reborn to summon back my Red Eyes Black Dragon and used Mimicat to copy any card in the graveyard , my Meteor Dragon , and fused them together to make my ultimate dragon , Meteor Black Dragon . That was awesome , summoning a powerful monster without actually summoning any original monster . Ok I 'll stop here , do n't want to give you any of my other strategies ! I recommend this game to yugioh fans . It 's just awesome !
 This game just plain sucks . Do n't listen to other people and their high reviews . I love yu-gi-oh and I love types of games like this , but this game reeks . The battles suck , the styles suck , its very slow , there is no strategy involved at all , and the game is too hard to be worth it ! I 'm not the kind of person to listen to reviews , but trust bme on this one , you will be disappointed in this game . Spend your 30 bucks on something worthwhile , like anything else !
 From what i heard this game is better than forbidden memories , and if it is you know that it 's a good yugioh game for the PS2.The only thing that upsets me is that it comes out way down in Feburary , but i do n't have to worry because i already rserved it .
 This game sux & cost lots of bux ! When this game was out bought it for 79.99 dollars ! It 's exactly like the card accept it has computers & graphics . Only losers play this game . I still cant believe I wasted 80 bux on this stupid game ! I wrather buy Gran Turismo , Jak & Daxter & Metal Gear Solid for 69.99 .
 Yu-Gi-Oh is the best show that ever involved duel monsters . The monsters are bigger , Better , Faster , and more detailed than pokemon . Yu-Gi-Oh will always be the best because it was from the start.yu-Gi-Oh rocks the house .
 WOW ! i could n't believe it ! I have rented the PSONE game it was pretty cool and i got the gameboy color yugioh game , it 's better than the PSONE game . but WOW a Yu-Gi-O game on the PS2 !!! I MUST RENT IT WHEN IT COMES OUT !!! well ... . I CA N'T WAIT !!!!!!!!
 The battles in this game are the only thing that is good about this game . The battle style is horrible , one can only place one CARD on the field at a time -LRB- you play a magic , you can not put down any more monsters -RRB- , the effects for the monsters are all messed up . However the deck leader adds an interesting twist and you can go on either Yugi 's side or Seto 's
 This game is great for kids and adults too ! I gave it to my son the day it came out and he loved it !!! I remember getting him Forbidden Memories for Playstation and he was not as excited . 3 exclusive cards even come with it ! I would recommend this game to any parent who 's kid likes Yu-Gi-Oh and has a Playstation2 .
 The Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duelists of the Roses is a good strategy based game . Its more of a spin-off from the T.V show because of its totally different gameplay.Overall I would definitely buy this its a good game and deserves a lot of credit due to its fantastic graphics and startegy-based gameplayCan you people tell me what 3 cards you gotMail me at - ALTON828@AOL.COMThanks
 Hey this game is a must get for all you yugioh freaks out there like me . I had this game on pre-order since last july . I couldnt wait to get this game . And when i finally got it icouldnt stop playing it . This game was awsome . and if you to cetain websites and get cetain passwords i wont mention any you can beat the game in like a week 1/2 like i did . Still after u beat the game you can keep dueling to get yer deck even stronger . Plus you get the 3 magnet warriors as the promo cards . That makes this game all that much better i hope this review was helpful to you and if you have any questions about the game or anything yugioh just email me at -LSB- e-mail -RSB- PE@CE OUT !!!
 alright people heres how it is this game ... rules espically if you pick the white rose thats where the best beat is and its actually easier to win from seriously ... also if you wan na get a really good deck heres how you do it its truely based off of your name ... so fiddle around till you find a deck master who calls to you anyways if you pick the red rose side believe me its like fighting in titan mode of god of war ... which is rather difficult ... anyways this game is total stratgy and look some tips cheat alil its okay seriously you can beat the game the straight way but if you wan na do that i 'd say pick the white rose side ... its way easier because all the enemies are weak compared to the white roses side ... anyways it 'll allow you to prepare for the final bout being as its possible to obtain the blues white dragon card and replicas of it ... another thing is you got ta build your deck right and heres how just get a bunch of strong cards cuz this is totally different from the actually game though be advised to have a couple of magic cards with some good abilities ... the only bad part is in the begining the game totally crushes you if you pick the red rose side and i know i 've said this like 5 times but thats really the only way to really lose anyways the red rose side sucks cuz of the beat they give you its really lame seriously but i enjoy the white roses one plus who wants to help people who ca n't help themselves ? ... really though just look online for the card codes and you 'll really be able to enjoy the game cuz it actually takes awhile to build a really powerful deck ...
 this game was very fun and very uniqe in short its a must buy
 I 'd rate this five stars because when you get five duels against a CPU in custom duel , you can perform a recardination . A recardination is when you take a card from your chest that you do n't want -LRB- it will say recardination under it -RRB- and press the L3 or the R3 button -- I ca n't remember which -- and it will make three new cards.But the four stars overall rating was because when you lose a certain amount of duels , you ca n't duel at all . Still , when you win a certain amount in custom duel , you can duel again but do n't worry . You have to get 1,255 DC to not be able to duel . All in all , it 's a pretty good game .
 This game is the best . I have logged in so many hours on it ! I hate to put it away . I have to say its challening but once you get used to it its awsome . One thing I would do though is read the rule book . Its kinda long but it helps a lot. : -RRB-
 Well I like the game alot . The storyline is ok ... but to me it was like chess . Plus it made me use my brain for once . The graphics are cool lookin . The weird thing was I changed name to different names and got different decks . Try this game if you like stratagy games and of course Yu-Gi-Oh ! .
 I have not played the game but I have seen my freind play it and we both agreed it was not that good a game . The new battle style totaly made me lose all respect for the show and it 's orginal battleing ways . Trust me I would recommend renting it first to get a good oppinion for yourself !
 this is a good game especially for Yu-Gi-Oh fans also chess fans this game is alot like chess the way you move your cards but it takes even more startgy you have trap magic and all different types of cards its like dungion dice monsters with cards but the graphics are good and its fun but once you beat it your done me and my brother beat it in 3 days -LRB- RENT IT -RRB-
 I really want this game . I was inspired from all the reviews i heard and the fact that it 's only 30 dollars . Back in February , when it first came out , it used to cost , like , 50 dollars . Lucky i was n't a yugioh fan back then . I started collecting the cards on September 14 , 2003 and the 2 rares I got were The book of moon and Thunder Nyan Nyan . I do n't get why the book of moon is a rare cause all it does is a flip any face up attack or defense position monster over into face down defense position . Anywayz , I seriously want this game . From 1 review I heard is that the monsters go through walls to attack opponents and I always wish they had a playing field like that for the reality cards like they did when Yugi and Joey faced the Paradox Bros. . I really wish I had this now and I ca n't wait for Christmas because since its November 15 Christmas seems like light years away .
 I am really impresed , the game is -LSB- BRILLIANT -RSB- IF YOU COULD I WOULD RATE IT 10 STARS
 All i can say is this game rules . though i must admit the graphics and music are not that great.this is one of those games that the only way you could win is if you know how to strategize.heres one thing though this game can be frusrating if your under 9 . my 8 year old brother got vary agrivated so i sugest you only buy it if your familiar to the yugioh card game
 In the game I startid with the bad side . Thar is easer oponits in the evol side.so far I played more than 700 hrs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 its the best game i 've ever played you got to buy it
 This game would probably more fun to a dad then to a kid.I bought the game before renting it , and it was a big mistake . I thoght it would be like dueling , but it was more like chess.Its fun for about 45 minutes and suddenly it gets boring.I RECCOMEND YOU DO N'T BUY IT OR EVEN RENT IT
 the reason i gave tis game five stars is becuase i lived in japan for six years and played and owned the game in the japanes version and the graphics are great the story line is the best card game that ever came out i have requiered the english verson of fobbiden memories and it was great but the row was short and the three-d was ok but it stinked a bit but after wating for the american version for ps2 came out over hear i saw the prevuois drawings and pitures i was excitead to see them so i decidead to pre order the game on the internet and thas my reason i gave it five stars i now this my not be much but this what i think .
 Yugioh Duelest of the RosesI thought this game is the best game Imy big sister think its -LSB- stinks -RSB- but itrented it and then I rented it again.history facts too.If you like thething.There is a story part in thegame to and if you like it save yourgame and start a new one.If you likewhen you start a new game go on adiffrent team.The teams you can pickis the good or bad team.seto orYami Yugi .
 INCREADABLE ! There really is n't anything more to say , I mean the first time I saw this game I was blown away by how detailed and animated it was ! The graphic are amazing and the game-play is just as good as Forbidden Memories . After all Duelist of Roses is the sequal to Forbidden Memories . Travel through the entire duel monsters world , while battling opponents and winning cards . You as Yami Yugi are once again called to save your kingdom from the evil mage , Seto . Explore many places and theres even a new feature , if you press buttones in certain places you can find secret cards . This is a exquisite game and it is very well made . It is worth buying and i highly recommend that all Yu-Gi-Oh ! lovers should get it !
 I have actually played a demo version while at E3 and I enjoyed it thoroughly . They only had enough to play 3 cards in 1 duel but from the response of the game , the graphics and the story I just thought it was amazing.Its up to you to buy it when it is released but I know I will.Ive been waiting for them to finish and release it for a nice long while.Im about 20 and love the whole concept but hey thats just me.If you like the cartoon and the other games at all then you should get a kick out of it. : -RRB-
 The game Yugioh The Duelists of The Roses comes with three Ultra Rare cards which are Alpha , Beta , and Gamma the magnet warrior.All of this cards are goin to be in handi in the futurebecause you need all of this cards to summon Valkyrion the magnet warrior which you need to offer Alpha , Beta , and Gamma in order to summon it.And yes it is a great game.Alpha = ATK/1400 DEF/1700 4 starsBeta = ATK/1700 DEF/1600 4 starsGamma = ATK/1500 DEF/1800 4 stars
 I do n't know much about the world of Yu-gi-oh other than my 7 yr-old collects the cards . So I bought this game for him for his birthday . This game is very hard for a kid . I 've never played the card game myself , so I took the in-game tutorials and then started battling . It took me six games to beat the first opponent . Strategy is fun , now that I 've learned the interface I will work with my son to help him figure it out . Overall I think it 's a very good strategy game and watching all the 750 + monsters in 3d is cool . Anyway , do n't buy this for a youngster unless you 're willing to help them out a lot with learning the controls and strategy . Mike age 26 .
 I am a father of two kids and did n't realy understand the whole `` Yu-GI-Oh '' thing . I played the game with my kids and found it to be entertaining . I got to spend some time with my kids doing something that they love and learned a little more about them . I took the time to get to know what they like . I love the game now that I understand what is going on . I have become a Yu-Gi-Oh fan .
 If you are looking for an accurate adaptation of the Yu-Gi-Oh card game , this is n't it . You 'll have to look to the Game Boy Advance Yu-Gi-Oh games for that . However , once I got past the `` what-the-heck '' factor , I found this game quite engrossing and enjoyable.The game bears only a passing resemblance to the card game . It has many of the same cards , and some -LRB- but not all -RRB- of them have the same attributes and powers . The game play , however , is totally different . Your cards have to move around the playing field , like in chess -LRB- or Dungeon Dice Monsters -RRB- , and almost all of the cards can be used in fusions to make more powerful cards.This is the real trick to the game , and since the fusions are n't very intuitive , the only way to learn them is trial-and-error , by watching what your opponant plays , or by looking them up on the internet ; -RRB- Until you get the hang of the fusions , and accumulate a few more powerful cards , the game can be a bit frustrating . But once you get into it , it is just hard enough to keep you working without driving you nuts.The graphics are nothing spectacular , and I found I turned of the 3-d battle scenes pretty quickly , because they got boring .
 I know that everyone has a different view on this game and i can understand that but it really isnt as bad as people are saying . Ok i admit that the beginning intro is really long but it is also helpful if you are a slow learner . It is cool to pick which side you want to be on , either yugi or kaiba . The duels are not difficult to understand and once you get them down you can work on stragety . The game features duelists from the popular tv show and it is cool to see they use the same strageties . Like the girl with the harpies lady . She has all of the power ups and traps like in the show . The graphics in the game are wonderful . The conversations are in 2-D but the duels are in 3-D and look awsome . They are like Pokemon Stadium . People dont like to say good things about the game because they dont like the difficulty but if you can think out your actions you will succeed . I enjoyed this game very much . It takes a while to beat so expect your money 's worth . Once you learn to play it will be one of your favorite games . It is like chess but a lot cooler . Worth the money . Peace Out !
 ok heres the scoop.theres a very LOOOOONG beginning -LRB- i mean long -RRB- like 1 HOUR!but its sorta worth it.its a whole new different battle technique and u need to developed strategies.i gave it a four because its hard!well , not just because of that but u cant control a CUSTOM DUEL -LRB- u cant customize a custom duel ... ? do n't ask me ask konami -RRB- well im gon na sum it up.the music is ok , the graphics are ok , its fun and i highly recommened u rent it first!so u get an idea of the game.of course i didnt rent it and i was thinking it would be normal dueling but with my luck it wasnt.So , rent it first and if u like it buy it , its a must have if your a Yu-Gi-Oh ! fan .
 Let me start by saying
 i think this game is sweet . you can build your deck like a pro . i was very suprised by how good this game was . GREAT BUY !!!!! 11
 I actually liked this game , expecially since you were able to see your monsters battle each other though you can also see that in Yu-Gi-Oh ! Forbidden Memories for playstation though in Duelest of the roses the graphics are much better . If your a big Yu Gi Oh fan then you 'll probally like this game . Though i found it a little hard at first cause the deck you start with is really weak and your opponents decks are a lot stronger then yours . But here is one thing of advice , once you beat a duelest go back and duel him again to obtain more powerful cards and boost your deck . Duel everyone at least more than once so you can get some good cards . Though it takes some time it 's worth it . Plus doing this has got me almost to the end of the game and this is my secound time playing it . Since i dont own it yet i have just been renting it . Well hopefully this helped .
 I actually thought this game was pretty cool . Expecially since your able to see your monsters battle each other , though you can also see that in Yu-Gi-Oh Forbidden Memories on Playstation . The game is somewhat hard at first since you have to protect your deck master while also trying to defeat your oppoinents , but once you beat one i sugest you go back and fight him again to get some of his cards and boost your deck , because the deck you start with is pretty weak . I chose to be on Yugi 's side which makes you have to face some really hard duelests like pegasus for instants . So even though it takes some time just go back and duel everyone again to gain more powerful cards , since thats what i did and its got me pretty far in the game , almost to the end . So basically thats my advice though its not much but hopefully it helps .
 Dont waste your money on this ... . first of all there is like an hour of nothing but dialouge in the begining . and when your trying to pick a card there is all this `` ART '' ... all over the place to make things extra confusing . the gameplay -LRB- when you finaly get to actually do something with the ever-lasting dialouge -RRB- is Terrible . oh yea the name of the game is Yugi-oh right ? you cant even be yugi you have to make your own name to play . heed my words dont waste your -LSB- money -RSB- on this garbage .
 This game is so cool , I have already beat it and still playing.The graphics are tons better then other yugioh games.It is also my favorite of all other games.When you get a chance defenitly buy it or rent it.Dont listen to any body that says it stinks -LRB- there lying -RRB-
 This game is extremly challenging but fun once you find a good fusion . I think it is a great game but not a have to buy . The game play is wierd but it adds a new twist to some games that are relativly easy . Somone who wants a challenge and is up to many loses should try this game . The only advice im going to give you is play yourself in a custom duel . When the oponent makes a fusion -LRB- they have the exact same deck as you -RRB- look at their graveyard and see what cards they put together .
 I do n't know if any of the other people who reviewed this game are true gamers , but I am one . As far as Yu-Gi-oh goes , I know more than the average person and am considered a reluctant fan . This game is definitely meant for a slightly older audience since the strategy may be a little too tough for younger people . Nonetheless , I solved the puzzle of the first few matches and found the strategy needed to be a lot of fun , in fact , more fun than the traditional Yu-Gi-oh card game in which the person with the best cards always wins -LRB- which is why I 'm a reluctant fan . -RRB- Good strategy can win you duels here . But , I do have to say that the game is a little slow to start off with and does require some patience to get into . If you do get into it though , it can become pretty fun . Obviously , Yu-Gi-oh fans are probably better suited for this game . And everyone is advised to rent it first .
 Yu-Gi-Oh ! The Duelists of the Roses is based on the WAr of the Roses . It 's more like a mixture of chess and the Yu-Gi-Oh ! TCG . It is an awesome game . Best one so far . I bet the gamecube one will be better , but that 's just me . Anyway all you parents out there if your child likes Yu-Gi-Oh ! I really prefer getting this game fpr numerous reasons . My favorite part is the 3-d monsters and the way u duel . Well I 'm over and out .
 I ` ve had this game for a few months and its still fun because I have a Blue Eyes.The way to get a Blue Eyes is to duel Tea and win and then on the slotmachine get three silver bow and arrows in a row that is how I got my Blue Eyes.Seto Kaiba will never give you a Blue Eyes no matter how many times you duel him believe me I ` ve tried to get a second Blue Eyes from him it never happend.I also heard that when you win or lose five duels you get to reincarnation a card reincarnation creature swap and you might get a Blue Eyes.I hope this review was helpful to people who want to know how to get a Blue Eyes.And thanks for reading my review ! I hope it helps you .
 this game is a good game . it is a challenge for a while but it gets easy after a while . a few of the opponents r either to easy or to hard at times . anyways it is a fun game that will keep u hooked for hours if u like yugioh . who cares if it has very little to do with the actual game . if u ask me its better than half the other games of yugioh they have made
 I 've had this game since it has come out -LRB- mid-Feb . I think -RRB- , and I think this game is a lot of fun . It can be frustrating at times due to the difficulty , if u do n't use any of the passwords that u can find . But I love games that challenge u , so , I enjoy playing this game very much . It has a lot of the cards from the actual card game , although there are a few differences with the effects . I 'm still trying to get all the cards . I have 802 of the 854 cards . Once u play it long enough , u do n't care too much about seeing the monsters duel . It 's a good thing they give u the option to watch them or not , even during the duel , cause it can take longer if u have to watch every duel . I wish it was just a little easier to get passwords , but oh well , that 's not much of complaint . It 's not exactly like the Yu-Gi-Oh ! card game , but they tell u that right away . Once u get accustomed to the game play , it will get a lot easier . U 'll get the hang of it better if u watch the show or play the cards . With all the customer reviews that rip this game to shreds , are clearly wrong . I 've played much worse games than this one . I 'd recommend it if u like a challenge , and if u watch Yu-Gi-Oh ! a lot .
 I 'm the type of person that will play just about any enjoyable game whether it be Rugrats or Def Jam Vendetta . If the game is fun , I will play it for the game itself and not for the hype surrounding it or the title of the game and what it means outside of video games such as Yu-gi-oh duelist of roses . Do n't get confused , I hate this game not because it 's yu-gi-oh and I 'm 15 yrs old , because I would play Rugrats if I 'm bored . This game is simply way too long in the beginning and thats a huge downfall if that 's how the game is going to start everytime unless you buy a memory card to save . Do not buy it , I guarantee you . Listen to this , my younger brother is in love with yu-gi-oh the card series , but when he played this game once after he got it for x-mas , he has n't even looked at it ever since . So it 's not just me criticizing the game . Trust me , ... and dont buy this game .
 I recomend you buy this game.It 's very good . Espacialy the graphics they 're good . 3-D battle fabulouse . The only downside is the deck leader stuff and you need strategy to play this game .
 I love this game!Itcan get a little hard & f# cky , but I do n't give . I 've had this game for 5 days & only defeated 3 duelists.The point is , THIS GAME ROX!It 's god damn good ! From , crazY ASsDASHIellsuBLETT
 This game is good but one thing . The fusion card can barely be used you should be able to use it whenever you want to . That 's all about the bad side of this game
 This Game Is n't That Bad ... People Really Tell Tall-Tails ... The Game It Self Is Ok ... They Should Work On The Card Devlopment And Add New Cards.The Storymode Stinks , Where Did You Get England?The Battles Are Cool And If You Are A Yu-Gi-Oh Fan , BUY THIS GAME !!!!!
 This game is the most funnest game out of all the Yu-Gi-Oh games . If you are a complete fan of Yu-Gi-Oh and if you are obsessed with it this game is just right for you . It has a good price of $ 29.99 plus tax . So if I were you I would get this game right now .
 That game is the best game in the hole world and my sister and i are loving it.And we rented it once but we do n't have it well see ya .
 I would n't buy it again if they relabled and gave me a subscription to Yu Gi Oh Fanatic Dayly ! -LRB- with does not exist -RRB- This game is poor . It 's like the PS1 game but better in some ways .
 MY CHILDREN ARE BIG FANS OF YUGIOH AND TO MAKE SURE THAT THE GAME IS ALRIGHT FOR THEM . I FOUND IF YOU HAVE AN TACTICAL THINKING WITH A BASE UNDERSTANDING OF THE GAME IT MAY LEAVE YOU WANTING . THE GAME IS TOO SHORT IT NEEDS MORE STORY WITH HARDER LEVELS . ONCE YOU FINISH THE GAME YOU CAN GO BACK AND KEEP PLAYING BUT ITS NOT THE SAME .
 This game is a must have 4 gamers who play Yu-Gi-Oh games and collect cards . I 'm like 13 and this game is sweet . I joined Kaiba side , and I got a sweet fusion . I 'll ca n't tell u but get the twin-Headed Behemoth deck . Type in ur name as Master X and u 'll see some decks . Get Twin-Headed Behemoth . Then join Yugi 's side . We 'll try to get Kaiser and Thunder Dragons to get a Twin-Headed thunder Dragon . Then get a mystical elf and increase its power by 800 points ! Wow ! Anyway gamers good luck with playing this game and I hope u 'll like it . It 's worth the money and the cards . Later Dudes and Dudetes ! Good luck !
 this is one of the best Yu-Gi-Oh games yet . I have EDS and DDS , but this game seems a lot better than those games . I 've seen what it 's like , read other reviews , and cursed the reviewers that do n't like it . THIS GAME RULES !! I 'm gon na buy it the first day it comes out .
 For those of you who think this game is really hard and non entertaining , i will tell you some codes for really rare cards . I forget what some of these code were for but whatever . First go to build a deck . Then go to the chest side and hit R3 -LRB- push in right analog -RRB- then type the following cheat codes , JXCB6FU7 , SRA7L5YR , UMJ10MQB , GTJXSBJ7 , S14FGKQ1 , 69YDQM85 , SBYDQM8B , GME1S3UM , CZN5GD2X , 53297534 . Note : If the S 's do n't work try 5 's and if the 5 's do n't work try S 's and if the 0 -LRB- zeroes -RRB- 's do n't work try O -LRB- Oh -RRB- 's and Vice Versa ... I hope this review was helpful to you .
 It 's a buy!First the bad : Konami does n't like it when you are in control . You ca n't skip the amazingly boring , and unnecessary story line . Heaven forbid you should have the option of controlling the music volume , or turning it off . It 's not your PS2 , and you did not pay Konami for the game . So , do n't expect privileges . Privileges like being able to actually customize the `` custom '' duel . There is almost nothing customizable about it . You play another player or Computer Player K , who has the same deck as you . Well , you get to pick the field . In a 2 player game , your opponents are `` sure '' to let you pick the field that gives YOU the 500 ATK point advantage , and not them.Incidentally , when I first played the computer , it was computer player S , who had a much better deck than I did . Later it switched to K , for no reason Ican see.The passwords have been changed . So , if you spent a lot of money on buying the physical cards , to bad ! Konami does not reward you for enjoying the privilege of having their products , for a ` modest ' fee.The not so good : It takes a long time to build a deck . The beginner decks are really bad , especially compared to your opponents . The Aqua deck seems the best , but if you want to beat Weevil a few times , use the beast deck . The computer players have a serious home field advantage . Try to collect and use field-altering cards.Of course since they have succesfully been limiting supply of cards to keep the price up , maybe we should not be able to decide about game settings . GO KONAMI !!!! The cards included are the three magnet warriors , without magnet valkyrion . Why ? Because the latter card will be packaged with the upcoming world tour game boy advance game . Let 's just entice customers to buy this stuff however we can . Once again , little love for the customer.The monsters animation in battle mode is stilted , and worse than in N64 Pokemon Battle stadium.The good : The Monsters look good on the game field . Really good.Once you get past the lame options interface , and win a game or two to improve your cards , the game is superb . There is some learning invloved . It adds movement , combo plays , and accumalation of summoning points . Tribute summons are eliminated . Some of the cards are different then in the actual game , too , so caution is required . The movement system is much better than in dungeon dice monsters -LRB- which should not even exist in my opinion -RRB- . The combo plays are the best new feature . Instant fusion , instant power-up , instant fusion with power-up , INSTANT MULTI FUSION WITH MULTI POWER UP !!!!! At first the combos seem daunting . But generally , certain monsters fuse with almost an entire type of monster . If you do n't buy a cheat book , it can take some time to learn the combos , but it 's fun . You have to play the field ! Change it as soon as you can , at the best possible location . Wait until the right time to make your move , play defense well , and get to know your deck like Mick Foley -LRB- Mankind -RRB- knew one of his best friends-Mr . Socko , the sock puppet . -LRB- Inside and out -RRB- . At least Konami had the courage to do something new with the game . The standard game may be better-or not ; But if it was always the same it would be a little boring by now . The PS1 Yugioh game is totally blown away by this version . And this REALLY is the same game with extras , where Dungeon Dice Monsters just uses the duel monster world , to increase sales for an at best , mediocre game.The 2 player mode is fun , too . You just have to look away when your opponent makes a move , or you 'll see all his cards and strategies.The options kill the grade . It would be 5 stars , if I could turn off the cheesy music , and if I could customize the duels . But why I am I complaining ? I only paid 49.95 + tax . So , rightfully , Konami does n't want me to hurt my thumbs by changing options ... -LRB- Even if any other game makers provide these options -RRB- .
 Ok so this Yu-Gi-Oh ! game is the sequal belive it or not to Forbidden Memeroies on PSOne . This is based on the War of The Roses which truly happened in England but its not whose knights are better its the cards . At the begging you get a message of whats going on and then you see Simon from Forbiden Memroies which please dont laugh at the poor guys DRESS ! Make things short you make your name chose your deck chose your house -LRB- Lancaster you get it fun and York is too easy -RRB- Then BLABLABLABLA ok you duel and make the world happy the End.O yeah i forgot to tell you about the 1 hour turitorial which you do nothing in but press the X button -LRB- shorter to read the manual -RRB- So bring a pillow and exercise your finger in this.Now that i finshed that i will tell you about the game . Its fun is you like strategy games so pleas dont play this game if you are mentaly dumb , get seziures or like games where all you do is shoot shoot shoot the other aliens butt off of earth . The battles are fun to look at but not fun if you have a your Kuribohs getten kicked . well its fun . I got to go my parents are here . Till we play agin
 Unlike popular belief , this game is rather entertaining . It takes a great deal of time but i TRUE gamer doesnt care . In less then five days i finished it but wasnt able to get all the cards i wanted . HINT
 ... After i popped the game into my trusty PS2 , i was immediately drawn in by the captivating sound and awesome graphics of blue eyes white dragon and dark magician and those other equally amazing monsters that peered off the screen . For those who dont normally watch the tv series or play the card game , you 'll find yourself clueless on what is going on . But for those like me , you 'll just get blown away by the amazing 3D graphics and texture of the game ... the game is very similiar to an advanced form of chess as your `` Deck leader '' is like your king . And your monsters are like your pawns , knights , bishops ... etc.Your job is to `` kill '' or in chess terms `` checkmate '' your opponent 's Deckleader.I personally like chess alot so right away with no doubt in my mind . This game HAS to be one of my all time favourites . So if you find yourself being one of those folks with nothing to do and likes to stay home every weekend , I STRONGLY suggest you buy this game . This game alone will probably provide you with over months of gameplay as you will be dying for those hard to get cards such as Dark Magician Girl and Exodia The Forbidden One .
 Okay , I 'm just going to lay it all on the table . This is an exelent game . It 's graphics are great and the story at least makes sense . But it 's weakness is it 's so difficult ! My friend has the game and we ca n't even beat one duel ! Another problem is that it does n't stay true to the game . On past titles , you did the exact yu-gi-oh system . You laid a card down and you chose to attack with it . In Duelist of the Roses , you have to move your monsters around like you 're playing chess . That 's fun a total of , 1 time . Every bad thing is swept away by it 's graphics . Any hard core yu-gi-oh fan will want to check it out . I give it a well deserved and serious 4 out of 5
 First of all I loved this game , what isnt there to like about it ? I am an extreme stratedgist , this game in my opinion was very easy , the game draws powerful cards just for the challenge , you must build your deck accordingly . There are about more than 750 cards in fully rendered 3D , and so many stratedgies to create , mine worked 100 % of the time . Back on topic . I loved the edition of the 3 new game cards , although I showcase them . This game tests the ability of your thinking , meaning that it tests how well you think , and can even boost your intelligence level if played right . All in all , I love it , and you should get it . Trust me , not many will be disapointed . For the collectors out there , get the limited edition while u can ! Buy this game , its worth the money
 This game has great graphics . Although the charecters on one side are tough to beat and dont have the powerful cards in the beginning . The first two openets that I have beaten were easy to beat when learning the controls . Other than that I 'm a Yu-Gi-Oh fan , a video gamer . I reccomend that you buy this game .
