 It is a nice made necklace , and the butterfly pendant looks beautiful . I love it .
 I bought this necklace on a whim ; I love butterflies and it looked so dainty and sweet . It was actually a little more weighty than I expected , although it 's not a solid piece . The chain is shiny and nicer than I expected .
 Bought via gold box , it is much better than I thought!the chain is also great !
 I love this necklace . It is great for everyday wear and is very durable and cute . I have small children and they love it .
 Love this butterfly pendant . Right size , high quality and elegant design . Plus , it is really easy to wear and remove all by myself , no help needed .
 I bought this as a graduation gift for my daughter . She wanted a ring to remind her of her college completion without having a `` class ring '' . She also requested a wide band . When I ordered it , I thought that it would do until I found something `` nicer '' . That changed when the ring arrived . The picture does not begin to do it justice . It is a beautiful ring , elegant and feminine without having a `` little girl '' look . And , as lovely as it was in the box , it looks 100 times better on her hands . The only caveat I have is to order a larger than normal size . My daughter wears a size 5 ring but wide bands usually do better with a larger ring . I ordered a 6 and it fits perfectly . Final notes
 A beautiful , delicate little bracelet . I feel I `` got what I paid for '' ... something that does not happen too often these days !!!!
 I think it 's a lovely ring . The silver part of the ring is very well done . The stone I received is darker than shown but I am still pleased with the overall look of the ring .
 This item is very beautiful and dainty , but a lot smaller than I thought . The stones could also be better , but the design is so catching that it makes up for it . I should also add that Charoite is a very hard stone to find at a good price , so if you are looking at affordable , this is it . Trust me , I spent several hours searching . Overall I really like this pendant .
 I love this pendant . My only complaint was that the stone needs to be polished but , other than that , it 's perfect . The design really stands out and I get compliments on it often . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my mother and she loves it . Says she gets tons of compliments . Comes just as pendant , but you can put it on a silver chain , a cord , or anything else really .
 I am very happy with the weight and quality of this product . I wear this necklace often and love it !
 I decided to write a review for this product as I 've seen many reviews for items by this seller that were fairly contradictory . I am an avid fan of sterling silver and personally own over 100 rings -LRB- purchased from various sellers and artisans -RRB- . Here is what I can tell you from my extensive experience
 I really liked this ring . It is very pretty and just the right size for me.The silver is very thin , however , and bends very easily . I put it on my middle finger , and when I took it off , it was bent out of shape . The good thing is that it was bent to mold to my finger and was very comfortable , even for being so wide .
 When a dance student is at my dance studio for fifteen years they receive this pointe shoe , in rememberence of me and everyone else whom they had danced with over the years .
 I love this ring . This is a nice heavy ring , it spins nicely & is really cute , well worth the money . I think mine was a 2ND as some of the feet were `` smeared '' but I did n't care & kept it rather than contacting the company . I 've had a lot of complaments on it .
 I bought these earrings as a gift for my girlfriend , and she absolutely loved them ! They got to my house in a timely manner , and they were in pristine condition . I am normally cautious about using any online shopping site , but using yours was quite quick , efficient , and gratifying . Thank you !
 Good buy . So far no problem using it.Good for casual occasions .
 I bought several tie bars for my father , and this is his favorite . He really likes it . I wish they had one in gold , also .
 This silver-colored Dolphin tie clip bar is every bit as attractive as its picture and came in a nice little box . It was very well received by recipient .
 Got to me pretty quickly and there were no unpleasant surprises . looks exactly like the picture !
 I found the gold charm was everything that was advertised about it . My only concern was it was a little big for my granddaughter 's bracelet but as she is only six she will eventually be wearing larger charms
 I love amethyst and this ring was exactly as described/pictured . I wear it often . I feel this ring needs to be cleaned on a regular basis because it tarnishes but I clean all my silver jewelry on a regular basis for the same reason . I put this ring on my Amazon Wish List and received it as a gift . I really like it ! It fits because I know my ring size so make sure you know your size before ordering . This company has an excellent return policy so if you get your size wrong , you can always exchange it for the right size with minimal hassle . Great customer service . I 've bought from this company before and always had a good experience .
 Being a Born Again Christian of Jewish descent , I am thrilled with the Star of David/Cross Pendant . It is beautiful . I have n't taken it off since it arrived.I am more than pleased with the quality of the pendant and the service .
 The order came in a timely manner , It was in perfect condition . I was greatly please with the service and the product .
 As with two other rings I just bought from HopeChestJewelry , the blue stone in this ring is much more dull-looking compared to the picture . But the ring design is strikingly unique and its craftsmanship is superb . I 'm very happy with my purchases and highly recommend this ring -LRB- and the other two -RRB- .
 I get a lot of compliments on this necklace when I wear it . The chain is heavy enough to be sturdy , but not too bulky . The amethysts are very deep in color and have good clarity . Recommended .
 Round Cut Citrine Dangling Earrings Sterling SilverThese earrings are lightweight , well made and the citrine is lovely and bright . Am always pleased with items purchased from Peora .
 This is a great addition to your Italian charm bracelet , even if you are n't born in June ! However if you are a June baby , like myself , it 's a clever way of showing that off without being too obvious ; -RRB-
 This necklace is even more beautiful than the pictures can convey . The chain is very strong so you do n't worry about it breaking . The Topaz Gemstones are a perfect blue and just elegant . I receive several compliments every time I wear it .
 This necklace is absolutely gorgeous ! The chain is a nice , thick one , not too small and delicate . The stones are a very clear , vibrant blue . Ca n't wait to wear it for my wedding !
 I surprised my wife with these after she lost one of a previous , similar pair in the ocean . She loves them and has had many people admire them . They are well made .
 I love this pendant ! It is a beautiful color of blue and goes with just about anything . I get a ton of compliments everytime that I wear it .
 She loved it !! Thanks for the fast service . -LRB- Sorry I am so slow with the feedback -RRB-
 Classy and perfect assembly!Have used it a couple of times and it grabs the looks!Nothing more to say - good for the price .
 Very very happy with this purchase , and will be ordering more through this vendor ! They came to my mailbox within a week and I had them in time for a nice evening out . Thank you !
 This is a gorgeous ring . I love the unique design and how it sparkles and shines . I 've received some very nice compliments too .
 I am very glad I made this purchase . I ca n't stop looking at my hand when I wear this . The only thing I wish was different is that it would be real silver but I did n't pay that much for it so I am very happy !
 It fits , it is pretty and it is just the right size . It has n't broken in half and I have n't swallowed it yet , so I guess I 've gotten my moneys worth : -RRB-
 I 've been looking for a garnet necklace that I like forever , and I 've finally found it ! I disagree with the previous reviewer , I do n't think it 's `` costume-y '' at all . The design is lovely and classic , and I 'll be wearing this for years to come .
 I plan on taking some pictures of this ring because the one picture for the description is beautiful but leaves a lot to the imagination.The blue is n't as green as the picture shows , and it 's a little lighter , but it 's otherwise very close to the color shown . It 's a very beautiful ring ! The silver is stunningly bright and shiny . Size is perfect . The stone is very high , though , which is hard to tell from the picture . But I 've never had a solitaire ring with a rock this big , so I bet that it has to be this tall.All in all , it 's an absolutely beautiful ring , especially considering the price .
 I actually bought this to wait until my actual engagement ring came in . I have to tell you everyone loved this ring SO much I returned my engagement ring and kept it ! Of course I did not tell them the price LOL ! When it needs to be cleaned i put it in some sea salt and it comes out beautiful , with great fire !
 The jewelry arrived in a timely fashion and just as described . What really sets Steel Navel apart for me is their customer service . My items were backordered and Customer Service kept me apprised of the situation and offered an alternative item which could deliver faster . This was a fairly basic order , but Steel Navel 's Customer Service means I 'll be coming back to them directly in the future .
 I actually liked it very much and bought it in all three colors -- peridot , amethyst and topaz . They very clearly state 3mm , hence I did not expect it to be big . The setting is more prominent than I would like but pretty all the same and seems secure .
 The stones are so small you can hardly see them . But my wife loved it , and it looks good on her . She likes her jewelry more subtle than gaudy .
 The stones are a bit small , and not as colorful as the picture , but the necklace is beautiful and well made . Interesting clasp with a non-rolling chain . Nice .
 I picked out this bracelet for my 25th anniversary . I wanted something with diamonds , although these are pretty small . I like that it looks good with both casual and more formal outfits . I would have preferred if it were a little longer . Also , I 've had to repair the clasp , which did n't seem to be too strong . It was bent out of shape . Overall , I 'm pretty satisfied with the product for the money .
 My husband purchased this ring as my belated engagement ring in January , and it is simply breathtaking ... much bigger than it seems in the pictures ... and so much more beautiful . I will treasure it forever .
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 This ring is the perfect size -- not too big for my size 7 ring finger . The stones are beautiful and shiny , and they do n't look fake . It 's a very classy ring .
 Earrings came quickly and as described . Hard to find these little peace sign earrings in a style that is not obnoxious . Perfect gift for 70 's sister .
 One of my best friends wanted these for her birthday . She got them and loved them . She said they looked just as nice in person as the picture shows .
 The earrings are perfect . I 've been wearing them every day since receiving them . Great and easy transaction . Very , very satisfied . Thank you .
 As others have mentioned , the color of the gems is a VERY pale blue , almost white . However , they are quite sparkly , and I actually think I wear them more than if they were a richer blue shade.I 've received many compliments , and usually people think they are diamonds . For a very reasonable price -LRB- got them when Amazon ran the 14.99 special -RRB- , these are a great value !
 I love this earring ! The blue topaz is a lighter shade of blue , but it 's pale with no cloudiness so it is very sparkly . The hoop size is very comfortable and the unique post/hinge/clasp is great , -LRB- no backings to lose ! -RRB- . I have to say it 's great for that everyday goes with everything wearability . For the low price , you ca n't go wrong . -LRB- And even better if it 's on special !! -RRB-
 I bought these as a gift , and as someone else mentioned , they are not very blue at all . They almost look white . However , they are still beautiful earrings . She loved them ! The clasp is a little strange . It took me a minute to figure out how to open them . It is not a traditional clasp for earrings . This may bother some people . I do n't think I would like it but my gift recipient did n't seem to mind .
 I 'm very happy with the look and quality of these earrings . The blue topaz stones are lighter in color than pictured , but still very nice .
 My daughter 's nick name is Banana and I wanted a charm to wear with some other charms from my husband . This little banana charm was exactly what I was looking for !
 Very cute charm ! I bought the sterling silver , gold plated one . Though , my friend thought it was a pineapple at first so ... either way I love it and so did the person I bought it for ! The ONLY problem I had with it was due to my own incompetence . I imagined it to be a pendent , and not a charm . But if you are going for a charm this is a great little gift.The details though what I think set it apart from some of the other charms I 've gotten .
 Very small , but very pretty . I wear it often :-RRB- I get many compliments on it as well .
 I was recently looking at some black CZ jewelry at a local retail store . I was not impressed ! The stones appeared dull and almost opaque , like black onyx , with none of the sparkle you would expect from something called a ` diamond ' . In fact , real black diamonds are frequently not very reflective , either , as they absorb light , unlike white diamonds . So , I was not expecting much from this inexpensive pendant.When I opened the box , I was pleasantly surprised . While this little pendant is slightly smaller than a dime , it will NOT go unnoticed . The stones are well set , substantial in number , and they reflect the light , brilliantly . They look like you would imagine black diamonds should appear , rich and eye-catching . The hidden bail at the back is large enough to take a good sized chain , ribbon , cord , or any other type of attachment . The chain that comes with it is very delicate , and I 've already replaced it with a nice snake chain , for an overall richer appearance.I can see this becoming one of my favorite go-to pendants , and I know it will draw many comments . The peace sign symbolism has no age limit , so it 's appropriate for all ages , but I bet your favorite teen would LOVE one of these in her Christmas stocking . Because of the sparkle , she could dress it up , or down , to her fancy . It 's truly a fun piece !
 Always loved the peace symbol in jewelry . . have been wearing it since about 1969 in different forms.I bought this as a Christmas gift for myself and for the price did not expect anything special . It looks much nicer than its picture , and I have had nice compliments on it , especially when worn over a light color.Very satisfied with my purchase .
 Beautiful and unique looking petite pendant . It was n't what I expected . I assumed the stones would be `` puffed up '' and sitting away from the setting . The silver setting and prongs are more obvious than photographed , but the intense sparkle and irridescent glow of the blacks stones are what capture 's your eyes . The stones are set flush in the setting ... almost inlayed ... it 's a true Peace Sign logo . As small as the stones are , they are still cut like black diamonds . The have that large surface table that allows the stones to absorb and then `` bounce back '' light . This pendant definitely has that diamond sparkle . No one will mistake this for onyx.As my fellow reveiwer stated , a black ribbon would be great with this . I would like a black leather cord , too . I placed mine on a diamond cut , sterling , snake chain that I purchased from Gem Avenue , but will definitely get a satin ribbon for a change up . Then pendent comes with a decent and basic link chain.The pendent certainly is petite , but is captures attention . It 's a unique twist on Peace Sign jewelry . It can easily be worn with anything.The seller , PriceRock , has a pair of black CZ stud earrings that goes very well with this pendent . They 're under 20 . and the have that same rich black color with that same irridescent sparkle and shine . I believe those black CZ earrings are the only pair of black CZ 's PriceRock sells.UPDATE
 The Peace Sign is very small but doesnt take away from the `` WOW '' factor of this necklace . The stones really `` glitter '' and catch the light . I was not disappointed at all . Fast delivery . I would order this again . Very Pretty
 I read all the reviews on this pendant , bought it myself and LOVE IT ! I even left it on the delicate chain it came with as it makes the black peace sign stand out all on it 's own . I wanted to purchase this in the green -LRB- one of my favorite colors -RRB- but after reading the reviews that stated how well the black zirconia made the piece stand out I changed my mind . It looks expensive and was a bargain price wise .
 I received the necklace in time for Christmas , it was smaller than I expected , however , it was sized appropriately for my granddaughter . She was very please with her gift .
 The other reviews helped me decide to purchase this item . I was not disappointed . I am pleased with the quality , and particularly like the large bale on the back that enables you to use a thicker chain .
 THESE EARRINGS ARE BREATH-TAKINGLY BEAUTIFUL . THE COLOR AND THE SIZE OF THE STONES IS RICH AND SUBSTANIAL . IT IS WELL-MADE . I LVE THIS EARRINGS .
 This is a great ring . I purchased it for my fiance 's wedding ring . I know he will enjoy it .
 I live in California and this product took just 2 days to arrive ! The picture does not do the ring justice and it looks even better in real life !
 Bought this ring as a matching set a year and a half ago for my husband and I to wear as our everyday wedding band . They still look as good as they did when they arrived . -LRB- and my husband is a military man so his ring takes some abuse -RRB- stop thinking about it and buy this is all i can say , you will NOT regret it !
 I bought this ring for my boyfriend for Christmas . I searched for about 4 hours looking at all the different celtic knot rings and this one caught my eye and rightfully so . It 's so lightweight yet beautifully designed.The picture does not do it justice but does have the same look as the photo . I ordered this on Sunday and received it the following Tuesday . Needless to say it was very speedy and the price is absolutely worth it . I will definitely buy from this seller again . I could not be happier .
 I recieved this in less than 2 days . Bought this for the fiance for his birthday , he 's not use to wearing rings but i wanted to point out that this ring is pretty wide and thick , he 'll just have to get use to it . Its a great product and an even great price !
 I ordered this ring early AM on Mar 3rd , it was in my mailbox in Ca . when I got home on the 4th . Looks just like the picture , fits like a dream and because its made of titanium even the size 14 I ordered to wear as a thumb ring weighs almost nothing . I truly could not be more pleased . Great job . Great ring .
 i 've bought this ring from Sabrina Silver twice now , and BOTH times I have been MORE than satisfied with both the speed of receipt as well as the high quality of her products . I highly recommend the product and the seller !
 The order process was smooth . I received the ring in about a week . Although not the correct product . After a minor search I was able to find the return policy and returned the incorrect for the correct with no hitch . I received the correct ring about a week ago . I am very happy . I will in the future buy more gifts from Sabrina Silver .
 This ring looks much more expensive , I 'm very happy . -LRB- If you have big hands or long fingers , will look better , remember is a 10mm ring -RRB-
 Titanium is very lightweight to wear and very strong.The pattern is beautiful . Nice wide band . Highly recommended . True to size .
 I ordered from Sabrina Silver and could not be happier with the service that I recived . When I ordered two new wedding bands for my huband & I -LRB- our fist anniversary -RRB- , I ordered the wrong size . Sabrina told me to ship the ring back and they would exchange it and ship the new band for free . The rings were back to me within a week and a half . They get a FIVE STAR rating from , WYOMING . THANK YOU AGAIN , SABRINA The rings are wonderful ... My husband was thrilled !!
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 I gave this to my 10 yr old granddaughter , she absolutely loves it . It is a perfect gift to gove
 My girlfriend absolutely loved this . She really is n't a jewelry person and is very hard to pick stuff out for but she wears this constantly . Its smaller than I imagined it but I think that is why she liked it so much . She has gotten a lot of compliments while wearing it.The chain did end up breaking but it was her fault and not really a product defect she took her shirt off while it was still on and the chain got caught on her shirt as she did that and snapped . Just bought a replacement chain and she is wearing it all the time again .
 This necklace is one of my favorites . It 's not large so it 's a great size to wear all the time . I get lots of compliments on it and it 's comfortable to wear . I 'm very happy with this necklace .
 Absolutely one of the most beautiful little necklaces around . Get it and you will get lots of compliments on how nice it is . I was so happy that I purchased it.I had been looking for over three years for the perfect heart and key set , and this is it . Very nice weight and size and very expensive looking.Trust me if you get it or give it , you 'll be pleased .
 I really like this necklace . It 's very different and unique , and a popular style right now . It 's made well and very pretty . I highly recommend it , especially for the great price ! Comes in a nice little velvet bag .
 This is a beautiful little pendant . The chain is somewhat of a throw-away , but it was bought to go on something more substantial for my 10 year old niece . The bale does accomodate larger chains . The charm is small enough for a child , but large enough for an adult . She loved it and will enjoy it for a long time .
 I bought this for myself , and I really like it . The heart and key are very pretty , and as long as you keep it clean , there is a nice sparkle to it . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because of the chain it comes with . It is very thin and easily tangles . I ended up ordering a new thicker chain for it , and now it 's perfect .
 I bought this for my best friend 's birthday , who lives in Australia , and she just loved it . She liked it so much that she had her picture taken with it on just to show me via email . We have not been able to see each other in over 10 years and both of us are getting up in age -LRB- me in my 60s and her in her 70s -RRB- , and I am so afraid I will never see her again so I wanted to give her something special to always remember me by . We are like sisters and I know she will always cherish this friendship necklace and think of me every time she looks at it . I do n't think I could have given her anything else that she would have liked as much . Just wished it did n't take so long to ship something to Australia because she did not receive it until after her birthday even though I bought and had it shipped almost 3 weeks before her birthday . So my advice to you is if you buy this lovely friendship necklace and want it shipped over seas for a special occasion , have it shipped with at least a month a head of time .
 i gave this as a gift for my friend she love it . i like it so much that i am ordering another for me . looks beautiful well crafted.thank you so much .
 I love this chain , it 's not to big but def not small either , it 's just Enough ... Really Cute
 The charm is pretty small but for the price , it ca n't be beat . It had a very high ` you 're sooooo sweet ' to money ratio . Ca n't argue with that !
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 I gave it to my son 's teacher last Christmas and she said she loved it !!!! It got a lot of compliments . Wished I bought one for myself : -LRB-
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 I bought these for my mom she loved them ! The only thing is that I thought they would be a bit champagne colored , but they are actually pretty true white , but gorgeous none-the-less .
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 I really like it , looks real . But I only have had it for 3 weeks . I wear it alot , instead of my wedding rings . I will see if it tarnishes . Hope not . But I did not pay much for it . Hey I recommend it . It is real a good deal for what I payed !
 This ring is pretty , it can go good with another ring . It narrow and the stone size is small by it self . It would be a good thumb ring . Again nice ring that does not have alot of bling .
 perfact fit . Really loved the availabilty on sizes as well . The photos do not do this ring justice ! Very Happy Lady
 great product , simple yet elegant looking ! very satisfied . on time delivery . Looks and feels as advertised . Had an issue with size , returned and correct size was shipped immediately .
 So i wanted a simple CZ band which wo n't scream fake . This does the job - the CZ are recessed properly into the ring and gives that genuine look to it . they stones are not very dazzling or large so for me that was good and believable as diamonds . the ring is not very bright which was a little disappointing because although i did n't want a dazzling ring this is a bit on the dull side akin to when a ring has some age . would work perfectly as a replacement band . *** update *** So after about 2 months of wearing this band i needed to upgrade my review from 3 stars to 4 . The ring actually reflects a little brighter than i first thought so its not dull at all . its a lovely ring !
 The ring was a gift and my daughter loved it !!! It is very sparkly and fit just right ! I would highly recommend this product .
 This ring is amazing for the price . It does n't turn my finger green , and the sizing is great . It 's just a little bling that is n't too flashy . I wear it as a thumb ring . I think it 's really pretty , and very sparkly .
 Very pretty and fits any style -- wife enjoys them when just out for the day -- I enjoy then on her hand looks great -- the fit was perfect -- others will enjoy these as well I 'm sure !!! Larry
 This ring is crafted beautifully , sparkles like real diamonds and I wear it as a thumb ring . I have gotten many compliments on it and would recommend it to anyone as a wedding band , anniversary band or a right hand ring . It looks great on every finger and fits well with my other jewelry . The price is just right and it is just a described . THANKS SO MUCH for supplying quality jewelry at affordable prices !!
 First time I 've bought jewerly on line and was pretty anxious about it ... but no regrets at all , that was a very nice surprise ... ring is beautiful and looks expensive . Go for it !
 This sterling ring is not too wide , it has a nice touch with the CZ all the way around , making it easier to wear for my wife , because she does n't worry about it spinning and cutting into the fingers to the side . The CZ stones are recessed a bit making it pretty smooth .
 I do n't really like wearing my wedding/engagement rings on a daily basis . I 'm always doing something with my hands , at the gym etc that the rings make me feel uncomfortable and I needlessly worry about whether the diamonds would drop off or I 'd lose them.I bought this ring off Amazon.com as it was a cheap version of what my wedding band looked like . I have used this for the past 1 year and trust me , it 's been through a lot . It still looks great ! It 's comfortable , no maintenance , low stress , negligible investment and it looks great . No one knows it 's not my real wedding band!It really does serve my purpose . I would recommend this ring to anyone who would like something affordable for everyday use but does n't come off like it came out of a 3rd grader 's jewelry box . Quality product .
 This is a nice little ring for the price . I got it to wear on vacation out of the country instead of my expensive wedding rings . It has a decent shine and did n't change color . It was exposed to the ocean , pools , sunscreen , sand and bugspray and still cleaned up and looked new . It is very light weight and I forgot it was even on . It was just what I was looking for .
 This is a really pretty ring for a nice price.It shines a lot and seems to be very well made.The only think I do n't like on it is that it says MADE IN CHINA in the inside.I would be a little ashamed if I would buy this ring for a gift .
 It 's a nice sparkly , CZ band nothing extreme the stones are nicely recessed and do not stick out . I bought it as a cheap alternative to keep my gold wedding ring , attached to my engagement ring .
 My wife is pregnant and could n't wear her wedding band anymore so I had gotten this as a part of her birthday gift . She definitely loved it and totes it around the office mostly because she can wear a wedding band again , not to mention that the ring is very pretty . I would definitely recommend this product as a financially sound temporary replacement .
 I 've been looking for an alternative `` everyday '' wedding ring to wear . I really wanted an eternity band that had stones all the way around , so I would n't have to worry about always turning it so that the stones would face outward . Well , it turns out that full eternity bands do n't really exist anymore , and if they do , you are going to pay an arm and a leg for it . I have two half-eternity bands at home -LRB- real metals/real diamonds -RRB- , but the `` half '' eternity part bugged me to no end . So , I saw this ring on Amazon , and it had some good reviews , so I decided to give it a shot.When I first got this ring , I took it out of the box and though `` eh ... '' but I absolutely love it now ! It is completely underwhelming when you first take it out , but I put it on , and surprisingly , it matches my engagement ring -LRB- platinum , with princess-cut center stone and two solitaire side stones -RRB- perfectly !! I 've had this ring on 24/7 for over a month now , and now I never taken it off . None of the stones have fallen out or even gotten loose . The silver gets better looking with wear , and it is the perfect complement to my ring . It does n't outshine my engagement ring , but rather , it nicely enhances it . This is quite possibly the best $ 14 I 've ever spent !
 I actually bought two of these rings to flank another ring and they were the perfect size to do with . The only issue I have is that the photo shows more metal than you actually see in person . Otherwise they were exactly what I wanted . Great buy . Great price . Adequate photo representation . -LRB- They also have lasted through a lot more wear and tear than any ring should be put through . -RRB-
 I am very happy with this purchase . It is just as described - maybe better . It is a very comfortable ring , has just the right amount of sparkle , looks just like the picture , and saves me having to get my real wedding band sized for now as this one looks almost as good ! Thanks !
 I 've worn this ring out maybe 10-20 times and have not had any problems with tarnishing or discolorations , even after many handwashings per day . It 's quite shiny -LRB- both the CZ and the silver -RRB- , my only knock is that the prongs holding the crystals down have such a large surface area compared to the stones , detracting from the sparkliness of the CZ . -LRB- I bought this to replace a channel-set eternity band which did not have that problem . -RRB- I was a little concerned that pointy end of the stones would poke my finger through the holes on the inside , but I ca n't feel them . I do n't understand why there are holes at all .
 Ordered 2 & they are very well made and can pass as the real thing ! So Happy with my purchase !
 This little ring is worn regularly and has fared well . No stones have fallen out , it 's kept it 's sparkle with little cleaning and my mom 's friend , who is a jeweler , commented on how well made this ring is when taking a quick look at it . I write this review about a year -LRB- or more -RRB- after having bought this item , so highly recommend it.The only thing that prevented me buying another one and from giving it 5 stars is that I am very put off by the stamp inside the ring that reads ... Made In China ! ...
 This ring is very cute , sparkles nicely when the light hits it , and is true to size . I would definitely recommend this product to other people and I would also definitely buy it again if I were to go back in time knowing what I know now !
 My boyfriend gave this to me for valentine 's day . I love that I can get leave it on while washing my hands since it 's sterling silver so it wo n't make my fingers green ! It also looks pretty legit like something that cost way more !
 This ring is beautiful . Ive never really bought a ring off line so I was a little worried with what I would get . I am a Dental Assistant and I am constantly putting on and taking off gloves , as well as washing my hands . I did n't want to take the chance of messing up my engagement and wedding rings . I wanted a band that I could wear every day at work and not worry about messing it up . I finally decided to get a band after wearing my wedding rings at work for 3 years . The ring sparkles and looks great . I also got the ring a day before it said I would .
 Purchased 2 of these for my wife to use as a `` wrap '' for a solitare ring she had . She has been very happy with them and they look great .
 This is a very pretty inexpensive ring that looks like it costs much more than it does . I purchased it as a substitute wedding ring for vacations becuase I always fear leaving my diamonds in the room safe when I go to the pool . This looks ike a real platinun diamond band . Its very tastefull and I couldnt be happier with it .
 I initially bought this to keep my engagement ring in place due to weight lose . I needed something comfortable and pretty and that 's exactly what I got with this ring ! It 's dainty and has just enough sparkle . I love it so much that I just bought another one to put on the other side of my engagement ring ! I ca n't believe I found the perfect ring -LRB- s -RRB- at such a low cost !!!
 This ring was perfect for what I wanted - size was correct . Although a bit bright when it arrived , with wear it looks more and more like the real thing ! Ca n't beat the price .
 For the price this a lovely piece of jewelry . Given as a gift to my daughter she is very pleased with it and looks forward to `` stacking '' with others . Good solid ring , hopefully will last for a long time !
 I just received my band and it is exactly what I wanted . I have small fingers and the karat weight is just right , and it has sparkle similar to my real eternity band . I am a nurse and worry about my real diamonds so this is the perfect substitute ... no one will know the difference . It would be a great stackable as well , and wish I had ordered a second , which I still may do . Great first jewelry experience with Amazon . What a bargain too !
 great item . good quality . like the design of the sterling silver cubic zieconia eternity ring . fits well and easy to clean .
 Love this item . It has stones all around it and I 'm planning to give a present to somebody it : -RRB-
 This is great ring ! I bought this to wear daily . . my wedding band has well lets say , my fingers have swelled as I have aged . This looks allot more geniune in person . I was not looking for anything that spectacular and something not remotely expensive . I have received allot of compliments and I dont worry about it not being `` real ''
 THIS IS A NICE ETERNITY RING , UNFORTUNATELY AS I ALWAYS BUY WITHOUT SEE THE SIZE OF THE RINGS , SO THIS IS TOO WIDE AND ALSO THE SIZE IS NOT PERFECTO FOR MY FINGERS BECAUSE IS TOO SMALL FOR THE FINGER WHICH SHOULD GO AND TOO BIG FOR THE HEART FINGER . BUT IF YOU LIKED BUY IT .
 I loved this ring when I first got it . It gives off a great look , but now it seems a bit faded away/washed out .
 Love this fun little ring , bought other stackables and this fit in with them perfect , always fun to wear alone too , got lots of compliments
 My girlfriend really loved the ring and has n't taken it off since I gave it to her for her birthday
 The ring is true to its size . The stones are a bit smaller than expected from seeing the pic but it is very sweet . Goes nicely with my beautiful engagement ring -- does n't take away from the lovely real diamond . It 's nice but if your expecting big and fancy keep looking . This is sweet and petite .
 Good solid band with just the right amount of sparkle . Using this to replace my wedding set when I 'm working as nurse -LRB- always afraid of losing a diamond or scratching someone otherwise -RRB- .
 Love it . I ordered this to go with my engagement ring until we save enough for a platinum version . Size is accurate . I adore it .
 i love this ring its just what i was looking for i wanted a thumb ring for christmas i got one
 This ring is very pretty and definitely looks more expensive than purchase price . For me the sizing was accurate -LRB- 8 -RRB- . The stones are small , as pictured , but sparkle .
 Better than expected . This ring is beautifully made , quite nice for the price . I will buy another one and stack them for this price
 I was happy with this ring , it is really sparkly , and I like that . It is thinner then I thought it would be.though . I would recommend it to someone
 sterling silver cubic zirconia eternity ring
 I bought this to go with my engagement ring . It 's really sparkly and nice quality . Looks nice with my real diamond anniversary band
 Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Eternity RingI love love this ring . I got married yesterday and as soon as my husband put the ring on . It was gorgeous . Its perfect size . I can stack my engagement ring on top of it . It sparkles just right . Looks expensive ;-RRB- I recommend this ring . And the gems do n't cut into your fingers . They are set in farther . Its a beautiful ring . : -RRB-
 In today 's economy , I have no interest in spending thousands of dollars on a piece of jewelry ... even if my husband and I are about to celebrate our 20th Wedding Anniversary . So we bought this ring . Quite spectacular . The quality is excellent and the carat weight believable . It looks like a platinum band set with diamonds . And I wo n't be saying anything different !
 Very pretty , dainty ring . Comfortable . I really love the fact that it 's sterling silver . I do n't know why ring manufacturers use rhodium plated standard silver instead of sterling . It looks much more like 14K white gold and also the weight is more like 14K . The ring is the right size and very thin and light which I love . My real ring scratches my fingers and gets caught in my hair ! This is an improvement .
 I have a gemological certification and have spent a number of years in the high end jewelry industry . I was looking for an eternity band to wear while traveling , afraid to wear my own diamond eternity band abroad . This affordable sterling and cubic zirconia eternity band is far more realistic and beautiful , than I had anticipated . If you 're looking for an affordable eternity band , whether it is to replace your own for travel/security reasons , or if you are looking for an eternity band unable to afford real diamonds set in white gold or platinum , for yourself or the one you love , then this ring is perfect.In addition , the ring arrived with a beautiful ring box , as nice as any ring box I 've ever seen working in the high end jewlery industry , making it perfect for gift giving .
 This ring is slim & fancy at the same time ! It is a very precious ring to own & i am proud to say I have one . It was a great deal for the $ ! I love it !
 I was looking for a small silver ring and this one was perfect . It exceeded my expections because the ring was not expensive at all . It is true to size and if you want a ring that sparkles quite a bit this one is it.Mrs . Mayville
 I truly do love this ring ! Everything written about this ring is so true ! I would tell everyone this is a spectacular bargain !
 But all in all its a beautiful ring . THe stones are inset so the ring is smooth . The ring looks pretty on your finger , very shiny , I hope the person I bought it for will like it as much as I do !
 Delicate and very nice for small hands . The stones are sparkly and look real . It stands out but at the same time is very believable
 i love this little ring but its too big on me and plus i 'm single and wearing the ring just makes me uncomfortable so i had to return . but guys buy this ring for wife/girlfriend cause i can assure you they will love it .
 Stones all the way around . Sparkly . And the right price . Shipped right away , it seemed . All good . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because it is CZ after all .
 I got this as a wedding ring replacement due to the the fact my wedding band is too small for me now . This ring is really beautiful and looks so real . What a great price too .
 This is a beautiful ring that fits great . I bought this about 6 months ago and i do n't have a single complaint about it . I wear it everyday : -RRB-
 I wanted a pretty band with sparkle cause I hate to have a raised up stone with little ones for the scratching . But this ring is perfect . Smooth and shiny .
 Fast and Speed delivery ! The ring is very SHINY and petite , great for a gift . It looks amazing in the light and goes great with everything.I would definitely recommend this ring for any buyers seeking a simple yet beautiful product .
 This ring is everything it looked on line . It is very pretty and fits nicely under another ring . And you ca n't beat the price ! I 've gotten more expensive rings and had the Zirconia fall out within a few weeks but this one seems very well put together .
 The rings cam long before estimated deliver date and they are exactly what I wanted . They came in a velvt cache and fit perfectly .
 I was looking for a bezel set band in sterling ... and this is a very pretty band ! Fit is great , looks good on .
 The rings are very nice looking and it 's easy to wear a couple to get a wider-look effect . I like them a lot !
 Nicely priced ring for sterling . It sparkles nicely for being small stones , and overall quality is nice and fits great . Fast delivery !
 I love this ring it goes with all my Jewelry and looks amazing and real thinking about getting all my gfs this ring for Xmas
 After having a lot of trouble finding a wedding band for my small ring finger , I decided on this one . This is the 4th ring I 've tried . It fits nicely and looks fine with my small diamond solitaire . Has a good amount of sparkle but definitely does n't look expensive . Do n't let anyone look too closely !
 I needed something simple to wear at work instead of my large diamond . This ring is perfect ! The item arrived as stated online and in record speed for being around the holidays and delivery to Alaska . I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend to others . And how can you go wrong for that price ?!
 I love this ring ! It is just as beautiful as the picture , actually better ! You ca n't compare the price . I will be buying a few more just to wear stacked on my right hand .
 This ring is beautiful , stones are set nicely no gaps and smooth , comfortable fit . Believable and can be stacked with other rings .
 I like this ring . Inexpensive , but does n't look it . Delivery was prompt . I probably should 've gotten a slightly smaller size , but that 's okay . Fits in with all my other shinies .
 Bought the star version of this necklace and it was lovely . The 8 year old that I bought it for just loved it and it looked beautiful .
 The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have . The opal is beautiful . The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too . The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first . It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring . If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own .
 The diamonds sparkle and the opal , which is NOT lab-created , has lovely fire in its pale depths . This ring is lovely !
 It is a beautiful set . The only issue that I had was that the earrings can easily slip off . You just have to be very careful and always use the plastic rings .
 This was a gift and very well received - nice craftsmanship , stones well matched - definitely a good purchase
 l love this bracelet , everybody in my office asked me where i bougth it ... I recommend it to women that want to look fresh , nice and well dressed ...
 This belly ring was a nice size and looked very delicate and pretty . I liked the metal work around the blue bead and the and between the yellow beads . The one thing I did n't like so much was the small yellow beads . In the picture they look almost like an off white/clear color but in person it 's more of an orangey yellow . Still , very pretty , great price , and quick shipping .
 and I am very pleased . It is well made and very sparkly . I bought the peridot and citrine as well and they stack well all together , with other rings or look great alone . Excellent SS ring for the price !
 This ring is GORGEOUS ! It looks totally real when you look at it . The only way you can tell it 's not is if you hold it because it 's too light to be real . This could fool anyone .
 I really like these earrings . For such a small item there 's a lot of detail on the mane and tail . The width of the earrings is 7/8 inch . The height is 3/4 inch . If they were a full circle they 'd be about as big as a quarter . They look delicate , but they 're sturdy . The ones I received look just like the online picture . If you 're a horse lover you will really like these .
 I was pleased with the quality of these earrings . The horse figures were clearly detailed and the earrings themselves appear well-made .
 Bought for a friend 's birthday . She was absolutely delighted with them and calls to tell me when she 's wearing them . Really cute earrings .
 These smokey quartz earrings from Gem Avenue are absolutely fabulous . They arrived sooner than expected and are better than described - far better than another vendor 's that I had to send back . Would definitely buy from this seller again .
 Earrings are well-made . . I love the stone color . . Jewelery comes in cute boxes , various shapes and colors . My order arrived in record time . They have my business .
 I was extremely pleased when I received this . It was wrapped and protected for shipping so well , I had a hard time unwrapping it . It arrived in excellent condition with no damages . I did read in one review before purchasing that the bottom 4 drawers are actually 2 deep drawers . I wish they were 4 drawers instead , but I am still very happy with it . It is a heavy sturdy beautiful piece of furniture and matches nicely with my bedroom set , and I would highly recommend this one . It was well worth the money , and again , beautiful , very happy !!
 Very satisfied . Quality was what I expected . It was a great buy . I would recommend it to anyone who needs a nice armoire for their jewelry .
 I love these hematite earrings . They 're known to ` ground ' you . I wear these a lot !
 Cute funny little frog earrings - made a great gift for my frog collecting sister !
 I bought these for my daughter who likes to wear different and interesting earrings . She is a frog collector so it was a double whammy for her ! She likes them and wears them to work often . They are well made ... ca n't go wrong with these if you like to be a little different , also good conversation starter .
 Fun little dangly frogs . I really like them . Nice vendor too , fast , friendly .
 I am a total frog freak ! I found these earrings and had to order them . They got here quickly and I have worn them almost everyday since they arrived . My friends and family live them and asked me where I got them . I shared and now they will be shopping here too ! I 'll be shopping here lots!Thanks !
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 This pair of studs is very sleek & elegant . The amethyst is a sparkling rich purple & surrounded with swirling silver which adds to its contrast . The stone is big & stands out very well on the ear lobe . The design is very different with the stone slanting at an angle . It 's a great looking stud .
 this ring is beautiful , and suits any finger , or thumb ... something about dolphins and serenity that go hand in hand ... I just love this ring !
 I was surprized there were 3 full dolphins and they had cute little `` faces '' ~ ! I would suggest when you order that you choose your `` wide band '' size . There is `` open space '' between the dolphins and you do n't want your fingers to bulge out there ~ ! It came in a wonderful little box and I did n't ask for gift wrapping ~ ! Nice touch ~ !
 Ring is very nice quality for the price . It ran a little smaller than I expected but I like it so well that I ordered another one -LRB- larger size -RRB- and will probably give this one to my daughter . I was looking for a two tone yellow gold and white gold style in this very ring but could n't find one - so this one does nicely .
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 A lot of class for glass jewelry , shipped extremely quickly and arrived in perfect condition - the picture did n't do it justice . Remarkably inexpensive for the quality - next time , I would order two , one for me .
 I actually ordered these for a Halloween costume , but they 're really pretty . They 're a little more delicate than I thought from looking at the picture , but with normal wear I do n't see that being a problem . Overall I was really impressed . The only thing I did n't like were the french ear wires ... they made my ears itchy , so they 're probably a low grade stainless wire . Not a problem if you do n't plan on wearing them all the time .
 You ca n't beat these earrings for the price . They are also very light and delicate and look great with everything .
 Love this ring ! So pretty in person , VERY happy with this purchase . Would recommend it to anyone , especially if you have an August birthday , like me !
 The ring arrived very quickly from the vendor ; I believe I got it in three days . It is very sleek but still delicate . I love peridot and at the price figured it was worth a try . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 My grand daughter , as well as my daughter were delighted with this necklace . Beings as she now has so many Star of Davids to choose from , to wear , this is something different , and as Sarah say , special . The workmanship is very fine , and the only recommendation would be a better quality necklace part . The pendant is superb .
 Bought this for a young man to hang a pendant on . He can be rough with such things and it lasted a good long while . Fits nicely on neck , not a choker . Recently repaird the cord had come out of the barrel . Glued & lightly crimped with pliers . Still looks good , purchased last Xmas .
 Nice necklace - looks great on my guy . And so inexpensive ! Shipping is a little high for the size/weight , though .
 Puns aside , these earrings are a great value , just the right size and the orange hue is beautiful . Count me a very satisfied customer .
 I would expect to pay 6 times more for these lovely earrings in a boutique shop!I have received compliments on them everytime I 've worn them!Beautiful !
 I really love these earrings and wear them quite a bit to spice up work clothes .
 I really like these earrings . The only thing to note is that the orange bead looks really fake -LRB- like plastic -RRB- .
 I love these earrings ! I get complements everytime I wear them . And the price ca n't be beat ! The only thing I would like to have known beforehand is the length - they are a little longer than I usually wear , but still fun !
 These earrings are long , the beads are larger than the picture makes them look , but that is actually a good thing in my opinion . They are more in proportion to my larger frame that way . I did n't think they looked too plastic , and I doubt anyone is going to get all up in my face and judge me for wearing plastic-looking earrings . I think that this pair is very becoming , the color draws attention to the face without making the face seem wider . Very stylish , especially for people with long dark hair , as they do not get lost by virtue of being so colorful . -LRB- Sorry for horrible last sentence , too sleepy to edit . Sawee ! -RRB-
 It has a very simple setting , but that only lets the beauty of the stone shine more ! GREAT clarity and design , I am thrilled with this purchase as I have been with all my Peora purchases !
 the color is rich and deep gorgeous blue , great sparkle with a modern and unique setting . Band is thin and bright , shows off the setting and stone beautifully . If you love Blue Topaz and are looking for a terrific deal , this looks much richer and expensive than it is .
 For the price , these are great earrings . A little on the heavy side , but I love them !
 These are great earrings ! I was looking for black dangle earrings , and the onyx & beads give them style . They can be worn with casual or dress . They are solid and substantial , but not too heavy .
 My wife really liked this toe ring . She loves the way it looks classy and edgy at the same time . Trust me , it really is . People have complimented her on how good it looks from a distance , and then when they get close , they see that it is a skull and crossbones and they love how `` dangerous '' it makes her seem , all without losing any of her class !
 Totally cute and edgy ! Second toe ring I have bought from Eves . How could you go wrong ? They 're so great for the price !
 I never take it off . I am thinking of getting another just in case something happens to mine . I love it .
 I had purchased the necklace being shown here , although do to my own mistake i assumed it would be more of a man 's style necklace , and heavier , so i had to return it , but the quality and design itself were of high quality , if i 'd have been a female or had someone to give it to i would have kept it , and then continued shopping again.with returning the necklace , the company had NO -LRB- 0 -RRB- issues with my asking for a refund and processed it in less than 24 hours , I would be happy to continue using this company for further purchases , seeing how they have the customer 's satisfaction in mind , not just one of those companies that 's worried about a bottom line , and making you jump through hoops to deal with a refund or credit.this is one of the greatest companies i 've dealt with in the past 10 years i 've been buying any style of jewelery online.very prompt and efficient in handling questions , concerns they really bend over backwards to maker their customers happy and satisfied .
 Very pleased with the 24 '' chain-just perfect to hold a mounted coin pendant . The chain is very strong and it looks beautiful as well . Ca n't determine how it 's going to hold up to continued use since I just received it , but so far very happy with the purchase . The shipping service was very speedy and I appreciate that as well . If I ever need to purchase any other pieces , I 'll be checking out Gem on Amazon .
 I wore my new sterling silver neck chain for the first time yesterday . I received 0ne compliment after another all day . I was so impressed by the quality and beauty of my new jewelry . I could not believe the price , very reasonable and the delivery service was speedy . Thank you I will be ordering again . You sure take the work out of shopping .
 I ordered this silver chain necklace to go with a miniature silver urn I bought and it matches perfect . The silver is so shiny and pretty . Its a durable necklace but delicate also . Its perfect to wear by itself or to attach a charm to . I wear it all the time and it does not wear away like lots of other necklace 's do . Its light weight as well.Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 1.5 MM Rope 24 '' Chain NecklaceIts good quality . The clasp is easy to use and durable . I would definitely order again from this company in the future .
 I enjoyed my purchase , it was easy great product and arrived early . The seller discribed it well in the write up so I knew exactly what I was geting and was happy on the transaction .
 The Italian Sterling Silver necklace was more than I thought it would be . I wear it with my white gold pendants & you ca n't tell the difference . It has a lot of brillance & shine . I would recommend this necklace to anyone that does n't want to pay the high price of a 24 '' gold necklace , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Received item very quickly and it is beautiful ! Definitely would order from this vendor again in the future .
 The necklass was better than expected . Price was very , very reasonable . Arrived quickly . Very pleased .
 All I can really say is that this is a very nice Sterling Silver chain . It has a nice weight to it . If your considering buying this item you will not be disappointed .
 I have been delighted with all of the lovely silver chains I have purchased from Gem Ave. Out of 6-8 ordered , only this chain arrived with 2 or 3 chinks . I called the company and the chain was replaced within 3 days without any hassles . The new chain was strong with a secure Italian lobster clasp . It had a lovely shine , without being `` glaring '' and artificial looking . It came in a small , wrappable gift box and will make a wonderful present paired with the silver pendant I have in mind . If it was possible to give a four and a half star rating on this product , I would have done it !
 The title says it all . I bought this chain to display many silver based pendants I have collected over the years . The rope necklace was worth the price & then some !
 The necklace is a very pretty piece . It is great for pendants . Also , I really appreciate the quick shipping - I was able to wear the chain/necklace right away !! Thank you .
 Beautiful shiny SS necklace chain . I got it to put a SS pendant on it that I already owned . I 'm very happy with it .
 Just received this today and it is very well made and I will order some more later on.Highly recommend .
 Great quality necklace . Appears to be made sturdy . Beautiful and has a nice shimmer to it . I would definitely buy this product again !
 This item came faster than the estimated shipping which I am very happy about . Plus the necklace was just astonishing ! It 's so beautiful ! and looks like it was way more expensive ! I 'm way more than pleased with this item -LRB- I even want to get one for myself -RRB- .
 it has very little give in the arch . It can not be bent like the picture , and would likely snap with that much pinch -LRB- or that forceful of a tug on your pendant -RRB- . Otherwise , it looks nice .
 This is perfect chain for pendants and such . Well made . Looks wonderful . The fact it has no nickel in it makes me very happy . Sometimes bothers her skin a little . This is the perfect with 1.5 mm .
 Perfect strong yet deceivingly delicate-looking chain . I purchased a pendant which came with a flimsy chain and swapped this one in . It sparkles brightly and can be used for light - to heavy - pendants of higher quality metal . FYI
 I bought this chain to wear with a silver cross . I was a little apprehensive since the price was so reasonable . What a great decision it was ! It has a beautiful luster to it . I 've been wearing it everyday for over a month or two and it still looks new . I 'm ordering another shorter one soon . Great company to do business with . Do n't be afraid to order from them . You actually get what see . Very fast shipping too ! I will be checking out the earring selection after I order another necklace . Shop with confidence .
 I 'm very pleased with the quality of the chain . The diamond cuts really make the chain sparkle . For the price , It 's a very nice chain . It came in a nice box and arrived very fast .
 I was looking for a replacement for my old cheap tarnished steel chain , and was having a difficult time finding a long enough chain in retail . Comparing length and price I would have ended up paying double for something shorter but similar.I was glad I found this chain . The price was amazing for the quality I received . I 've had it for about a month now and am still extremely satisfied with it.The shipping was also very fast . It was a little longer than most reviews were suggesting , but I was also ordering into Canada . The shipment took a about a two weeks to arrive .
 this is a very pretty rope chain . I like the brightness of it . it 's small enough that the pendant I put on fit easily . I like the secure clasp . I will look at Gem Avenue products on Amazon in the future too .
 When I received this chain I was really pleased . It has a nice feel on the neck and a good size clasp . I wanted something long to wear with my Widow 's Mite.The chain shows off the coin beautifully .
 `` A + + + + I simply love the necklace , its sparkling and very eye catching , beautiful product . Quick service , safely secured packaging with silver gift box . Great doing business with you !! Thank you so much !! A + + + + ''
 Its a nice chain , a lot thicker than I thought ... 1.5 mm didnt look that big on my ruler . Very shiny , almost white in some lights . It is almost too big for the pendant I had.Make sure you know what size you are looking for !
 Item was delivered quite promptly . I was happy with the value for the money . The chain is very nice looking and has held up well so far .
 This was exactly was I was looking for . I bought two , one for myself and one as a gift . The narrow end has allowed me to swap out most of my pendants . The silver is beautiful . Perfect with all my Turquoise!Thank you for your fast shipping too !
 This was a great piece of jewelry finely crafted . I cant believe the price was so low . It worked great for holding the charm I had bought .
 I wanted a beautiful silver chain with a narrow end that I could slip through my pendant . Perfect . Nice length , color and thickness .
 I am so glad that someone out there is making sterling silver chains both beautiful and AFFORDABLE . The quality of this chain is evident - there is nothing artificial about it . The chain and lobster clasp are strong . The luster is perfect . -LRB- I 've seen chains from other retailers that actually looked `` dipped '' and artificial . -RRB- Note
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 The belly ringI got is small , but nice . The picture is accurate , and it looks adorable . I think it would flatter anyone .
 I bought this barbell for my inner conch piercing in my right ear . While it looks wonderful in the picture , it is even more beautiful when you actually see it . I love the way it looks in my ear , and it dangles behind my lobe , just a bit below . It 's very pretty and unique . I definately recommend this ring !
 While a bit bigger than I imagined , this is well made , gorgeous and can you believe this price ? I still ca n't , and I wear this belly ring all the time !
 These earrings are really pretty and my daughter is going to love them ! My daughter has an allergy to nickel , so it 's nice to find reasonably priced earrings that she can actually wear !!
 After my wife gave birth to our third child , I presented her with this pendant on Mother 's Day . She absolutely loves it . She wears it every day . It 's not too big or too small , and represents the five of us as a loving family .
 This product was even better then I expected . Delivery was swift and my wife loves it
 I absolutely love this ring . It 's medium size -LRB- width -RRB- is complimentary finger sizes larger than 6 and 7 , which I have a hard time finding . The intricate details and marcasite style make it look much more expensive than its actual price . It goes well with casual and formal attire - great ring for any occasion !
 This ring is so beautiful , and it came in just three days ! it looks and feels high quality , and is very pretty on the finger . A great buy , I love it .
 very delicate , in hind sight I should have gotten more to ` stack ' as the name indicates .
 I got 2 and stacked them with a plain band in between and it looks great ! The design of the ring is so different and unique and so pretty !!
 Cute , sparkly , right up my alley . Nice and inexpensive so I buy about 5 at a time . Can not have enough ! Good product and Serenity Crystal are thorough and fast shippers . -LRB- When one of the colors I ordered was out of stock they called immediately to see if I would like a replacement color . Love that customer service -RRB-
 Great quality and beautiful My girlfriend she likes the ring : -RRB- The price was very appropriate Thanks Gem Avenue Will re-purchase the products again
 This ring is very beautiful and i brought it as a temp right hand ring and everywhere i go i get compliment lol i am very pleased and will order again : -RRB-
 This is going to be a quick and to the point review . Goregeous ring and flawless band . Very well made . It is the exact size as shown in the photo and is even prettier in natural light . Clear stone .
 The ring is beautiful . You dont usually see this sparkle and color with cz . Its the perfect size . Any smaller it wouldnt be worth it . Any larger and it would look fake . Awsome purchase !!!
 I wear this ring everyday & I constantly get compliments on it ! It 's very beautiful & a great ring for the price . I 'd recommend it to anyone ... !!
 It looks like a three karat ring . It looks real and I have many CZ 's and real stones . -LRB- Im a jewelers daughter -RRB- Yes , the setting is a little thin but I found that if you pair it with a plain 2-3mm silver band it 's perfect . Or a 2mm CZ/Diamond band makes it look stunning.Product was worth the price .
 I absolutely loved this ring . The stone was gorgeous and even though the band itself was on the thin side , it was well done . My only reason for not giving it a 5 was that it was a little too big for my taste . It looks a lot bigger than 2ct . to me . I returned it for something a little smaller . If I was comfortable wearing something this size , It would have been perfect . I wish there were real photo posts for ever ring so we could see how it looks on someone 's hand .
 I would n't say this ring looks real but , then again , what do I know ... What I can say is that I love this ring . The quality is good and the stone is huge , clear , sparkly and bright ! I ordered a size 8 and have to wear it on my index finger but it 's so inexpensive , I may order one for my right hand ring finger - maybe I will fool someone yet ... I think for the price this is a really fun , well-made ring . Treat yourself !
 This is the most beautiful ring I have had the plesure to purchase/wear . I could ` nt beleive it when I opened the box ... outside ... with the sun shining . When the sun hit that ring , it made me feel like a million bucks .
 This ring is beautiful.It is everything and more.It looks real.I can wear it and not have to worry about losing my Mother 's real set.But everyone thinks it 's real , more than my Mother 's set.So if you are looking for something that will set off your hand , well here it is.The craftmanship is great as well.The stone is set in and will not just fall out.I really love it .
 This ring is very pretty ... it sparkles whether your inside with great lighting or outside , some rings do not have that sparkle outside . . this one sparkles where ever . The delivery was very fast . I love this ring and I will purchase again .
 Impressed with how much it looks real . There was a concern that it would look cheap or like costume jewelry but it does n't . It 's brilliant and elegant .
 I love this ring . It fits beautifully and is a great way to accessorize , without spending too much money ! I bought this ring so that people would think I was engaged . It 's more of a promise ring and it certainly does the trick !
 The ring is just as nice as the pictures and we 've had a lot of nice comments on it . Although we 're not trying to pass it off as `` real '' , everyone thinks it is !
 I ADORE IT ! I HAVE A SIZE 5 RING FINGER AND IT LOOKS GREAT ON . THIS RING CAN FOOL YOU THAT IT COULD BE REAL . THE METAL HAS NOT TARNISHED OR TURNED MY FINGER COLORS AND SO I FEEL IT WAS A GOOD BUY .
 I purchased this ring in July 2012 . I needed to find a replacement until I am ready to resize my real wedding rings . I wear it every day ! It has brilliance and fire in the right light . I get compliments on it all the time ! -LRB- My real ring is 1.75 carats with a platinum band -RRB- . Does this mean that it can pass for a real diamond by someone who really knows diamonds and is looking at it closely ? Of course not . However , everyone who asks is always shocked to find out it is CZ -LRB- when I choose to tell them , that is ! :--RRB- -RRB- . This would be great for vacations , too ! Or , if you are like me , getting healthy and losing weight , and you just need something in the mean time !
 I love this ring so much . I get so many compliments , getting ready to order more from Gem Avenue . Thanks Gem !
 The product looks great and it has a good weight to it . I was a little worried about ordering this online , but I 'm perfectly satisfied with the quality for the price .
 This ring is exactly as it is pictured . It is really beautiful , and has a great basket setting . It looks like a real diamond , and though on the large side , I think it is a quite believable , high quality cz . Looks like a 2 carat . I 'm loving it !
 I just received my ring and it is incredible ! It looks so real and the clarity and cut is awesome . I am pairing it with an eternity wedding band and it could n't be better ! I read the other reviews and was a little skeptical but I am so glad that I ordered the ring before it sold out in my size . Thanks Amazon and Gem Avenue !
 The ring is beautiful ! It is a little on the larger side but the setting and stone itself look very real . The stone is brilliantly clear . I paired it with a plain 3mm sterling silver band by the same seller and it looks wonderful . Shipping was extraordinarily fast ! I 'd definately recommend this ring to anyone .
 This ring is exactly as advertised . Sparkles like the real thing and yet the 6-prong setting makes it even more believable . I have larger hands and am so happy to find a ring that does n't seem to `` get lost '' on my hand . I wear it every day and have had no problems whatsoever .
 This is a beautiful ring . The stone is perfectly colorless and sparkles brilliantly . The silver band feels solid and does n't have any thin parts . I bought this ring as a gift and I feel very happy with my choice . It looks expensive and beautiful , very much worth the money I paid for it. ;
 This is a very pretty ring with a gorgeous setting . It holds a lot of WOW factor . You get a lot of bang for your buck with this ring . It looks fairly real for a CZ . It is worth the buy !!
 OH MY MY MY ! I got this ring in the mail today and it 's simply stunning ! I was a little nervous since I read a review that said the gem was cloudy , but it 's actually clear as day and sooooo sparkly . I love it ! Would definitely reccomend !
 If you are looking for a ring with a dainty stone this is n't the one . This ring has a ROCK . I was n't expecting the stone to be so big , but now that I have worn it for a little while , and gotten used to it , I love it . It is beautifully made and very shiny . Looks expensive .
 For the price this is a wonderful ring . Very pretty . The band seems a bit thin , though , which gives it a cheaper look . Overall , an excellent bargain .
 You made my mom , s Mother `` s Day very special , she loved the earrings she went on about how they were wrapped , She could n't have been happier.She wears them everday . Oh thank you for the added touch of the matching bow on the wrapping she kept that to . Again wonderful job , wonderful product wonderful price . Great experience.Pat Jennings
 I used to not be able to wear rings because I was allergic to the nickle but I found sterling silver to be just fine . Me , being the person that never really enjoyed jewelry very much . This ring is so much better when looking at it on your finger than online !! Although it 's very pretty online It 's not to big and it 's modern ! The blue is absolutely georgous and the design is great . I love it so very much , I do n't think I 'll ever take it off .
 The ring is beautiful and is worn now for about a month . the metal is still shiny but I need to clean the stone . It 's well worth every penny and then some .
 Not at all heavy - but not flimsy either - so they 're really comfortable to wear . Well made , very shiny . The moldavite could be taken for peridot , it 's paler than the photo . Really cute earrings and fantastic value for money .
 These earrings are gorgeous ! The shipping was fast and I am very pleased . A great replacement for my precious moldavite earrings I had lost the week before , but now I am not as sad because these are prettier than the old ones ; -RRB- This company is great and have had no problems with them . Plan to order more in the future !
 Got these from my husband for Christmas and they are gorgeous ! Light weight and pretty . Would highly recommend these earrings to anyone who loves silver , the color green and stars or the combination of all three together . Great for the holidays !
 These earrings are very dainty , but also very attractive . Lovely to wear at Christmas or any time of year . The quality is very good and they are also very comfortable to wear . I have had no problems with them slipping out of my ears . You 'll love them !
 I had bought this item for a friend . It was shipped to her and she said it was beautiful and she loved it . I never personally got to see it myself , but she was pleased , and that was the main thing I was concerned about . The delivery was prompt and the item was in good shape when it arrived .
 Some will love this pendant and some will not . I like it okay . The design , while being interesting and unique and the sort of pose that is quite appealing , is not fulfilled in the quality of work . The mountain lion , for example , is not carved as well as it might be . So while this piece is interesting and appealing , it is not stunning .
 This was a gift I bought for my boyfriend and the pendant is very nice.Seems to be of good quality and is a great pendant for a male.It is large and I would n't like to wear such a large pendant as a female though.Eyecatching and symbolic.Makes a great statement and is a perfect gift for someone who likes cats .
 Earrings were as described . Will buy more later . Seller was so professional throughout . Thank you.Will wear these for my evenings out .
 BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS THAT DANGLE AT THE PERFECT LENGTH.THEY WERE EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED AND PICTURED.GOOD COMMUNICATION WITH SELLER.HAVE ALREADY ORDERED ANOTHER DIFFERENT COLOR PAIR WITH SAME SELLER.SELLER IS 5 ***** ALL THE WAY .
 This ring is absolutely beautiful . I get lots of compliments on this ring . It looks even better on your hand ! Quick shipping and I acutally bought the wrong size and returning was easy for exchange .
 This necklace is delicate and beautiful . Delivered in excellent condition . I bought the matching earrings . This is a lovely set .
 i was really surprised at the quality of this VERY inexpensive piece - LOVE IT
 This ancient symbol is quite difficult to find in a local store . But I wanted a triskell so badly , that I started looking in the internet . After much comparing , I chose this one
 I received this piece just a couple of days , and I love it ! I do n't want to take it off . It 's so beautiful , and very eye catching . The picture here on amazon does n't quite do it justice.I have found though that the metal is fairly flexible , one night sleeping with it on , the chain got tangled and bent one of the spirals . So , I no longer sleep with this piece.The back is also already scratched up just a little bit.So , though amazingly beautiful , it does appear that the piece is a bit delicate , and care should be taken.It came in a little bag , which I assume storing it in helps to keep it from tarnishing.Also , the center triangle , and the center space of each spiraled , seems almost to be `` colored '' black . Like someone colored it in with a black pen.Despite it 's fragility , I would buy it again , and think it 's one of the most beautiful Triskele 's I 've seen .
 I love this pendant . I 've been wearing it every day for a while now , and I always get compliments on it .
 Ordered for my wife to be used as bunco prize It was delivered as promised on time . The price was reasonable and the product was exactly as advertised .
 Been looking for plumeria charms !!!!! This item is great & designlooks beautiful !!!
 I bought this , knowing that the hook would be tight , so after several attempts I decide it to bend it with a pair of tweezers . It worked perfect . It 's been in my nose ever since . The loop is tight but workable . Ilove it because of the size is perfect . If your looking for something small this is the one .
 Use as a guard ring w/Onyx Claddagh ring / Even super glue did not harm this - happened to glue 3 fingers together 2 yrs ago - Both Rings on same finger - Cleaned up w/Silver polish and still spins perfectly . Still an incident very much to local EMS amusement
 This ring is very beautiful . It was a great deal and the ring spins very well as it should . The shipping was very fast . I am looking forward to purchase from this seller again .
 I bought this as a surprise for my daughter -- so , I guessed at the size . Boy , was I way off ! The shop took it back and sent another with no problems . My daughter loves it !
 Use as a guard ring w/Onyx Claddagh ring / Even super glue did not harm this - happened to glue 3 fingers together 2 yrs ago - Both Rings on same finger - Cleaned up w/Silver polish and still spins perfectly . Still an incident very much to local EMS amusement
 This ring is very beautiful . It was a great deal and the ring spins very well as it should . The shipping was very fast . I am looking forward to purchase from this seller again .
 I bought this as a surprise for my daughter -- so , I guessed at the size . Boy , was I way off ! The shop took it back and sent another with no problems . My daughter loves it !
 These are lovely dainty sparkling earrings . Great for day or evening wear.Just wish the packaging said Swarovski Crystal . It would be more impressive whem giving as a gift .
 I ordered this as a gift for a very nice friend , it arrived on time and my friend loved it . I would suggest you to make it possible to have this item gift-wrapped or should come with a gift note . Still , they made a quick shipping and that 's what matters . : -RRB-
 These earrings were also a Christmas gift . They are delicate , pink , dangling crystals ... well made . . a bargain for the price !
 I have a necklace that matches these earrings so I am glad I found them . The earrings are gorgeous !!
 I ordered these earrings for a friend.She told me she wanted pink so I found these and thought the picture of them was pretty . She loves them . They are just what she wanted . Price is great , too .
 I was a little disappointed that it was a bit scratched when I got it , but beautiful and exact to description/picture .
 good quality band not thin which is what i look for as i work with my hands , I am hard on my rings thanks again for a great product
 The colors of this pendant are beautiful . It lays very nicely on the skin . The quality is excellent .
 This is a beautiful , feminine pendant . I often wear it on a silver chain . For a more sexy evening look I wear the pendant on a velvet and lace chocker . I receive many compliments on it . I 'd like to buy others in different colors if they are available .
 All products that I have ever ordered from this company have been of the highest quality and exactly as represented in photos . Their handcrafted silver items are unusual and unique . I am a repeat customer , and I will definitely order from them again .
 Such a cute little heart bracelet ; I like it a lot . The color is beautiful and unusual .
 I 've just received this ring in the mail this week and it is more lovely in person than the photos . There were no chips on the two exposed edges of the stone but they are very crisp and sharp so I 've be mindful when wearing this . I thought that the stone at 2.0 carats would be too large but it looks smaller in person towards the 1 carat range because of the cut of the stone . No matter as this is my favorite cut for stones and does n't look too small on my large hands . I bought this a sized 9 as I wear either 8.5 to 9 and 9 was the only size available at the time . I like how the stone is turned on an angle as it makes it more unique and different and not like an engagement ring . For the price and the stone and quality of the ring , this is a bargain .
 This ring is a real beauty . Surprisingly , the stone color looks exactly like the main image provided for this product by the seller , not the lighter-colored picture ! It is the saturated blue color of a beautiful sapphire at a fraction of the price . The stone is also of substantial size , approx . 1/4 inch square , tipped on its side.Although the stone is very flat , it has depth within the setting . I like the low profile because it is easier to wear for working . Though there are no chips in my ring upon arrival , I will be watching out for the two exposed diamond points at the top and bottom , as they are cut quite crisply and may chip if something hits it right on the point . At the same time , it is not a HUGE investment like a sapphire might be , so I will still be wearing it quite often.Also , the setting is lovely silver , highly polished and not tin feeling . It is hollowed out toward the back of the stone but not too much - there is still a substantial amount of silver.I love this ring and do not regret the purchase .
 The set was agreeable in appearance I felt they were exactly what I had been looking for . They came precisly as advertised I was happy for some weeks . But , just like the fire opal set I bought at the same time as these , something in my skin did not approve and I suffered itchy ears and red , scab like skin , underneath the place holder on the back . I can assume the place holders were of the same make as the stud itself , but something about the opal set and this set made my ears painful . I 'll just save them and have them cleaned to give them as a gift to some one with less sensitive ears than mine .
 I ordered this charm to give as a gift . Unfortunately , the charm was a smaller then anticipated and smaller than the photo so I felt a little cheezy and got an additional gift . Otherwise the product is as described . I had o problems with the seller and would order from the seller again . Delivery was quick and well packaged .
 The product arrived ahead of schedule and was just as described . It was a gift for my husband and he really likes it .
 I purchased this anklet and was able to wear it alot for almost 2 summers before it broke . I received may comments on it and loved it . I would keep it on for days at a time sleeping with it on , wore it in the hot tub , pool etc so when It broke I still felt it had held up well . Going to purchase another one and will take better care of it this time . So glad it is still available for me to buy .
 ASIN : B000CFHK2O BDA013 Clear Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelet 9 '' 9.5 '' 10 '' Sterling Silver Anklet With Lobster Clasp.This ankle bracelet is even more beautiful than the photo was able to show . Delicate , lots of sparkle , elegant . Will order more for gifts !!!!
 This was a gift from a someone again.Very beautiful piece of jewlery.Well made and sturdy.Looks great on any skin color
 I love my crystal ankle bracelet , in fact I am wearing it right now ! It goes with everything and seems to be very durable !
 This ankle bracelet is not as dainty as the last one I had but it is going to hold up much better I beleive . It is cute and sparkly . Good value for the money !
 This ankle bracelet is beautiful and was exactly as described.The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star was because the ring that attaches to the clasp is not as thick as the rest of the anklet . I would hate to have this fall off !
 got this for my friend for her birthday and she loved it ! it looks good on fair skin rather than tan .
 This is such a pretty , feminine ankle bracelet . It sparkles just enough and is not too bulky . The adjustable size is perfect -LRB- with room to spare -RRB- for my 9.5 inch ankle .
 This is a lovely anklet . The swarovski crystals sparkle and catch the light well & the silver is perfect . It is far prettier than pictured . It 's delicate and is versatile - can be worn with very dressy outfits or more casual . The clasp is easy to fasten and it has several links so that you can adjust it exactly to where you want it . This is a great piece to add to your collection and is a fantastic price ! I would recommend .
 I ordered three of these anklets . I wanted them for the special people in my life as Mother 's Day gifts . Everybody absolutely loved them . They have just enough `` bling '' without being overly done . They definately catch your eye .
 I am very delighted with the ankle bracelet that is very delicate and exquisite I highly recommend it
 Beautiful ! The item makes me feel sexy :-RRB- It is simple yet classy . Would definitely buy from this seller again . Good value for the money .
 This pretty anklet will look great with the Colored Swarovski anklet ! I have purchased both and ca n't wait to wear them in Florida . Order with confidence .
 I bought this to bling up my ankle for summer short season . It is very sparkley & does not go unnoticed . The sterling pieces between the Swarovski crystals are tubes and it is all held together by heavy clear ` fishing line ' type craft cord , and seems sturdy so far . The Swarovski crystals are clear but have the aurora borealis finish , so they flash a rainbow of bright colors . Very pretty anklet !
 THIS IS SO PRETTY AND MORE THAN I EXPECTED . IAM AM THRILLED TO HAVE MADE THE PURCHASE .
 This is a beautiful piece of jewelry ! Simple yet elegant . I really love this ankle bracelet !
 I bought this ankle bracelet as a gift for my granddaughter to celebrate her becoming a young woman . It will fit her for years to come . She absolutely adores it and wears it constantly . I would definitely make this purchase again . In fact I plan to order one for myself .
 I am extremely pleased with this beautiful crystal product - it is feminine and dazzling and the perfect size -LRB- very roomy -RRB- . Clasp is nice and large which makes wearing it a breeze to do and un-do quickly . I think this is the most beautiful ankle bracelet I 've ever seen . Thanks Amazon - I would love to have a matching wrist bracelet !!!!
 I loved the quality of this anklet so much that I went back and purchased a bracelet , earrings and necklace . The pieces are more beautiful than in the picture . I would recommend Gem Avenue to all of my friends .
 Loved this anklet as soon as I unpacked it ! It fits perfect around my ankle and the crystals catch the light beautifully ! It is a little awkward to sleep in since the stones are a little sharp -LRB- the only reason it did n't get 5 stars -RRB- but it 's definitely an eye catcher !
 I love this anklet , I was hoping it was flexible enough to use as a bracelet as well but its not . But thats ok , it will look great this summer !! : -RRB-
 The anklet really is very beautiful and priced very well . My only complaint is that the Swarovski crystals , which are NOT as sharp as the ones I incorporate into my hand made jewelry , dig into my ankle . -LRB- I only wear jewelry that I do not have to take off , so the anklet is there all the time . -RRB- That said , I think in the summertime , this anklet is going to be gorgeous on my bare ankle . Now , though , while I am wearing thick socks and boots , the anklet gets pressed into several parts of my ankle , and at the end of the day , my ankle is bruised .
 I ordered a gold plated tie tack for my male friend about two weeks prior to Christmas . Naturally , I was nervous about it getting here prior to Christmas.As it turned out , it was here in about three days . The tracking service was excellent and told me exactly where the order was and what to expect as delivery time.The product is beautiful and was packaged very well . I am very pleased with my ordering experience with Amazon.com . I had never ordered from them before so was a little leery .
 Great looking charm for those Rocky Horror fans out there . Nice detail , silver , timely shipping , very satisfied .
 Great delivery , and the item came in perfect condition
 Fast delivery . Very pleased with earrings . Lovely gift for a friend who just loved them .
 I looked long and hard for a pure blue set of hoop earrings and stumbled across these lapis hoops . Perfect size , great dark blue , but not navy and I love them . I wear them every time I have blue on . I am a grandma but they make me feel young and match my `` old blue eyes '' .
 The color of this Items is symbol color of my Clinic , and so all members will be wear them from Christmas .
 The neck less was everything I wanted and in very good quality . To chain is strong and the metal holds a shine .
 AMAZING , loved the way it fits on my neck . Perfect gift for a friend or for someone who watches bleach . Overall , it 's the perfect necklace !!
 I received this today right on time.The necklace is metallic black and feels very robust.The pendant itself is of the same color.The height is 1.25 inch and the width is also 1.25 inch -LRB- both measured from the widest spot -RRB- I am really happy ! great product !
 I am really happy with this Necklace . it has good quality ad does n't feel cheap considering it 's price.I recommend it for all Bleach Anime Fans .
 Just received my ring . It 's just as expected . I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker . A very good buy for the price . It would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
 The earrings arrived in time for my niece 's birthday . They are a medium pink with pearly undertones.Good value for the money .
 Very nice and I am pleased with the dime . I may decide to buy a small charm bracelet and use the dime as a charm . Package arrived quickly and was wrapped well .
 after reading about other rings i saw here the reviews scared me a little . but for the money this item gives you the best bang for your buck . the band is as thick as the upper part not thin and ready to break . the decription was nice because you know the color and cut , not all items advertised do that . so i was very happy to see i got exactly what i saw on this site as advertised . great place to shop for everything !!!!! thanks Amazons walker
 I love this ring . The stone is much bigger than I thought . I have received many compliments .
 Beautiful ring . Petite looking on your finger because the 1.50 carats is hidden somewhat by the bevel setting . Good clarity and sparkle . Size runs a little big .
 Just received my ring . It 's just as expected . I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker . A very good buy for the price . It would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
 These earrings are nice for $ 5 , but I would n't pay $ 20 for them . The longest dangle is 30mm in length , the middle one is 25mm , and the shortest is 20mm . The stones are 5mm . Unfortunately , the pair I received had the longest dangle in the front and the shortest in the back . They do n't look good that way , so , with needle nose pliers and magnifying glasses , I managed to change them , so the shortest one is in the front and the longest one in the back . Since silver is soft it was very difficult to do without bending the earwire .
 Just received my ring . It 's just as expected . I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker . A very good buy for the price . It would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
 Granted , These are cultured pearls instead of their most expensive cousin `` sea pearls '' . Still , This set looks Beautiful and if it WERE sea pearls , you could skip it and buy 2 honda cars for the same price . No kidding , if you dont believe me , look it up!I am fine with the fact that I will never be able to get REAL sea pearls but , these are SOooo pretty ... they are like the silver vs platinum ! ya know . So rate them so , i can buy them ! lol ! thanks !
 Just received my ring . It 's just as expected . I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker . A very good buy for the price . It would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
 Just received my ring . It 's just as expected . I wanted something petite to use also as a stacker . A very good buy for the price . It would be a good gift for a teenager too . I love it .
 Exactly as I pictured it . The charm is small enough to fit on a zipper . It is well made and has a nice weight to it . Just what I wanted .
 wish the link to attach it to the bracelet was also made of sterling silver , b/c the jeweler wanted $ 20 to put on a sterling silver link so he could weld it closed . otherwise an excellent product
 These earrings are beautiful . I was afraid they would be smaller , but they 're a good size for me . -LRB- Somewhere between half an inch to three quarters of an inch long , I think -RRB- . I ordered them about two days ago , and got them today ! This makes me happy , because my parents ordered gifts for me well before Christmas and they still have n't shown up . Also , these earrings came in a pretty gift box . It 's light purple with a purple ribbon and a ribbon rose . If I want more jewelry I 'll be looking to order from Peora again .
 This is a beautiful ring . I 'm even wearing it right now ! The ring may be synthetic , but it shows the variations in color and stands out to people around you.The shipment was packed safely and arrived before the estimated date . A wonderful addition to my jewelry .
 This ring is like a breath of fresh air and has a summery feel for me . It is a pretty complementary or contrasting color for so many outfits and my eye is always drawn to it . I am very happy with my purchase . I bought quite a few gemstone rings from Amazon and hesitated to buy this one , thinking , `` Do I really need this ? '' Glad I did !
 This ring is gorgeous . It fits perfectly and is very comfortable to wear . I 'll do all my ring shopping here from now on . A good experience .
 This turquoise ring is as pretty as the picture advertised ; the black lines are just as deep . It wears quite well and is as solid as expected . You will have no regrets on this purchase .
 ... but order a larger size than you think you 'll need , because the bands are thick and since it 's entirely stone there 's not as much `` give '' as with a metal ring . The turquoise one I ordered was too small , I 'll have to give it to my niece .
 Such a pretty ring ! I would order a size up ... or at least a half a size up . Because it 's stone there is n't much leeway . But it 's a really gorgeous ring ... I love how the natural colors weave together . And the little box it came in was super cute !
 This is really , really cute . The colours are bold and vivid . It is fairly thick in terms of stick out from your finger . This would make it a good thumb ring , may be uncomfortable on your fingers . Be sure to order 1 size up .
 I received my turquoise band today.It came in a beautiful pink box with bow on top.The band is lovely.I am going to order another one .
 Wife loved the ring . Very pretty . Great color . Careful - fragile . Unfortunately the ring shattered when she smacked a table top . -LRB- Not out of anger . -RRB-
 Wow ! Thank you , Gem Avenue for sending out my order so quickly ! I received my package two days before the end of the delievery window and was VERY SATISIFIED ! Each ring came in it little own box with a bow covered top and the ring inside a protective space . Unfortunately , I will have to return one because I guessed the wrong size for a friend . I will write a separate review on the exchange policy . But the rings are beautiful and I 'm sure I 'll order from Gem Avenue again !!!
 I was not sure how the ring would look . The picture was ok , but could have given more detail . I found the ring pretty and I have recieved great reviews for the ring . Others thought it was a real Turquoise ring . I did not correct them . I plan on purchasing more rings as long as my size is available .
 What a great band ring ! Wear it often and like the smooth feel and intense color.Lots of fun for a low price .
 Worth more than the price , only knocked a star off for the sizing - no regrets with this one .
 Bought as a gift my my daughter age 17 . She absolutely loves it and wears it all the time . Beautiful ring .
 This bracelet was gift for my girlfriend who likes strawberries , she liked it very much -LRB- she 's pretty blunt -RRB- , the only thing is that it was a tad big for her skinny wrist , so she wears it as an anklet , but it is a good product for a good price .
 My daughter is a baby phat fan and loved these earrings . They are not too heavy or gaudy . The service was great and they even threw in a free jewelry polisher . Very happy !
 this is a great necklace . and a life saver . you never no what go happen these days . you will always be prepared .
 Once an athletic youth , non necklace wairing type , had no need for a seemingly useless necklace . Now over 50 type 1 diabetic , hypoglycemic unawareness is increasingly more prevalent . Today , this necklace quality and price is of greater value than ever . I received item as described , good quality for a reasonable price .
 While many complained about this product not having large enough lettering , I found it to be perfect ! . . My teenage son chose this one out of all that were available and is completely satisfied with it . I have the comfort of knowing he is now identified as Diabetic should anything happen to him when he is not with me .
 This ring is gorgeous . I wear it now on my ring finger as a wedding piece . I love it . It looks slightly larger then it does in person . Looks like it would be bulkier , but it 's quite petite . Beautiful !
 I have given this to an older friend who has a pace-maker and she thought it was a great gift . I would definetly recommend this , it seems to be the perfect size for her . Would recommend .
 Bought along withDETAILED PATTERN Design Silver Tone Pewter FINGER Ring SPIKE . I received this finger ring today , and although it 's pretty with a solid feel , it has two small problems -LRB- that were not problems with the other finger armor I bought -RRB- . First , some of the black coloring used to fill in the crosses has been smeared onto the middle section . In my case , however , this is n't any huge problem , because the way the base piece overlaps , it 's pretty hidden , and it 's a line at the bottom of the base , so even if my finger is curled , you are more likely to see it as part of the design.Second , one of the hinges has already broken . Again , in my case , this is n't a big problem . It is one hinge on one side on one section , and since the other side is tight enough , it has not hurt my ability to wear it at all . This breaking is partly my fault , since it 's pewter and I bent it too quickly , but if only the hinges were made of a stronger metal , while the rest of the ring still pewter , I ca n't help but think it 's durability would be greatly improved . In fact , I 'm thinking of looking through the crafts store to see if there are n't some types of jewelry fastenings that I can replace the weaker pewter pieces with.Overall , this piece is still gorgeous , and for the price , it 's a good deal . Despite the minor flaws , I 'll still wear it out , and I know I 'll have more than a few friends who will love it .
 I 'm not really sure this works to alleviate arthritis , but many folks told me to get a copper bracelet and see if it worked . I 'm not much of a jewelry person so I thought it would be a pain . But it fits nice . The clasp stays shut . And it looks good . It leaves a green band on my wrist , but hey , that 's the point .
 This size is for a female . nice fit.don ' t know if it helps with pain but I feel great , also my exercising 3 times a week does help also .
 Very happy with this product . Nice chunky copper bracelet . The clasp kept opening at first , but I bent the arms inward toward each other and have had no problem since . If you want a no-nonsense copper bracelet , this is the one !
 I really like this copper bracelet it 's the size I have been looking for . . it fits my small wrist a little big but I still can wear it . .
 I have gotten a lot of very nice compliments on this bracelet . I am ordering more to give as Christmas presents .
 It was a pleasure doing business with this company . I received the product in a timely manner . The medical alert necklace cost much less than I could find anywhere else . If I had had to get the alert necklace engraved -LRB- which this one already came engraved -RRB- , it would have cost me at least 3 time more than the cost of a blank necklace . The engraving was clear . Thank you .
 Good value compared with other medical id 's . Only suggestion for improvement would be bolder engraving of text indicating the medical issue . Existing text is readable but could be better at little cost impact .
 The chain and medallion are stainless steel , strong and rustproof . You can get one listing whatever your condition is on the back , discretely . The chain is just long enough to fit over your head , removing the need for a lock - always the weak spot of any chain . My only criticism is that the red plastic Cadceus alerting paramedics of your needs fell off soon after I bought it .
 This medical alert bracelet gives me the comfort of knowing that if i am unable to speak for myself for any reason , medical personel can know right away important information they might need to help me
 This is a sturdy necklace that clearly marks `` anticoagulant '' . I wear it when I go to the gym and it holds up well . The chain is decent quality . I reccommend .
 Better than expected . This Anticoagulation necklace will benefit my husband , and I am most appreciative of the rapid service . Yes ... most appreciative . Thank you !!
 These earings are well worth the price ! The earings are very nice and a great value and I do not feel overly concerned about wearing them daily . I now have a favorite pair of earings !
 These were a christmas gift for my sis in law , I had them shipped to her , and although I did n't physically see them , she loves them , so I guess they are beautiful .
 This is a Christmas present for my daughter . They are beautiful and I am sure she will love them .
 The product did not disappoint me . It was exactly what I expected and I got them right away . This earrings are beautiful and very classy .
 Maybe this is standard for jewelry - but the ring is slightly different from the photo . Not quite as chiseled , and with some noticeable minor differences in the hands , heart , crown and in between . That being said , I love the one I got .
 Beautiful afar and close up . These are great , for gals or guys , with the clear or black stones . Someone here says he/she got a defective or broken one , and instead of proactively returning it for replacement to really see and appreciate its intended beauty , they just complained and knee jerked to blankedly prejudged them all as a low one star item ???? Any shape or style -LRB- Chrysler Bldg or Big Ben or Toronto Tower -RRB- could just as well be defeat upon delivery . How sad , and too bad , it was his/her own loss , because these little Eiffel Towers are much much nicer than most of the typical souvenir ones -LRB- with or w/o stones -RRB- sold as keychains , etc. even right in Paris -LRB- been there got one , still , and not complaining -RRB- .
 I bought this for my Girlfriend as a fake gift to arrive a day before her real gift -LRB- a really nice watch -RRB- . She loves penguins but looking at this it seems a bit corny and childish . Well it is not . She loves this belly button ring so much its awesome . If you do n't like penguins do n't get it because that the main allure here . It 's very cute and she says its very good quality . its dangley but not very much so its quite comfortable to wear .
 This belly button ring is perfect . I was worried that the dangling penguin would either get caught on my clothes , or get squished just from normal day-to-day activities that it would break off , but I 've had it in 24/7 for a couples months now with no problems . I love penguins and this belly button ring is just absolutely perfect ! Even the shipping was quick !
 This is a nice little bracelet . It fits nicely , I have big wrist and it is hard to find bracelets that fit comfortably . I really like the stretch bracelets for this reason .
 Bracelets were better than I pictured them . Good size and very good price .
 This bracelet is very cool and modern looking . It 's made well and is really shiny stainless steel . The clasp/closing mechanism is secure , and I did n't worry at all that it might fall off my wrist . Definitely recommend .
 I love this charm . I cruise a lot so it 's exactly what I wanted .
 I purchased this pendant as a gift for my daughter . Not only does my daughter love it and wear it almost every day , I have also borrowed it and worn it a few times and am very tempted to purchase one for myself . This pendant is beautiful ... much prettier than the pictures suggest ... and my daughter receives compliments on it all the time . We have giggled about the mermaids sparkley bits many times ! The artist of this piece created a show stopper !!
 I received the Sea Nymph pendant withinn a week and absolutely love it ! I get so many compliments when i wear it ! I collect mermaids and this is now one of my favorites .
 Moveable Sterling Silver Sea Nymph Mermaid Pendant on Black Cord NecklacePretty Necklace , but larger than I expected . It has cz ` nipples ' which I thought was interesting . I like it though . Not sure I think it 's worth $ 30 plus shipping that included a cheap velveteen kind of bag . It would have been nice to have a box , considering the price .
 Was exactly the gift I needed for a fun loving mermaid collector . Very detailed . Larger than I thought it would be .
 These bracelets make great little gifts for the office . I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit . Since they were so inexpensive , I was able to give everyone a gift .
 I had never thought that I can get a product like this at such a cheap price . That 's until I found and ordered this product . Very nice for casual use . Moreover , the merchant also made me a good impression . I received the product several days before the expected delivery date . It arrived in a nice packaging and everything was as expected.A good bang for the buck !
 I am very impressed with the product and the seller . The pearl and chain are stunning , and at an excellent price . The package arrived in two days at the standard shipping rate - which I was n't expecting at all . The necklace arrived in a pretty satin bag , which is perfect as it is a gift . This necklace also comes in other colors , so I will likely buy more for other friends and family . First rate !
 Just got these today and i am very satisfied . I ordered five and like all . These are good for people with small wrists Thats why i like them . Fast shipping too . They have a wide selection of colors to choose from so you can match them up with your outfits !! At 1.99 you cant beat it !!!
 It is a nice Jasper stone . I have a pair of earrings that match it perfectly . What can I say , I like Jasper !
 I bought this for my girlfriend , who 's been looking at this for awhile now . Great condition , looks like I bought it brand new from the store . Very fast shipping , too ! I bought this only a few days ago .
 Overall , I 'm pretty satisfied with this ring and this seller -LRB- Peora -RRB- . The gemstone , Amethyst , is simply beautiful . It sparkles as brightly as shown in the picture . I 'm really satisfied with the gemstone.However , the conventional wisdom of `` you get what you pay for '' rings true !! The only thing that I 'm not happy with is the silver/metal of the ring . It 's not exactly superior quality , or the 925 silver or pure silver or stainless steel that I 'm used to wearing . The silver is thin and light and at a close distance , looks like plastic with the silver color sprayed painted on it.But since it 's inexpensive and if you dont mind the silver being light , and plastic-ie , then this is a really great buy !
 It 's ok , I guess . I mean , it 's a regular chip stretch bracelet . It 's fine . The stones are pretty . I recommend .
 They 're very small . Very very small . But so very pretty . The green is just as pictured , very vibrant , and the silver really adds a nice contrast . These are a Christmas gift for my mother and I think she 'll love them as well .
 These earrings were exactly as described and were of a very high quality . This was a very good purchanse for the money . They look very nice on the ear and are extremely comfortable to wear . They can go daytime or nighttime . The go anywhere earring .
 These bracelets make great little gifts for the office . I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit . Since they were so inexpensive , I was able to give everyone a gift .
 i recieved this bracelet very quickly . it is highly polished and looks exactly like lapis , just at a better price . a great buy !
 The picture does n't show you how pretty this bracelet is . I love wearing it with any outfit and love showing it off . Everyone loves it and asks where i got it .
 I love these earrings . They are of good quality and are very cute . I recommend for anyone who likes silver dangly earrings . Very nice product .
 I bought this ring for my teenage niece and she love it . It is perfect for a teen or someone who does n't like big jewelry . She wears it all the time .
 The ring looks great . My husband loves the quality . Our only issue was that the ring only came in one size .
 Liked very much the unique design . The only thing is that the part that goes through the ear is very long . I plan on cutting off part of the length and smoothing the edge . But other than that , I really like them !
 I 'm going as a Vampire for Halloween ... LOL This will give me the look that I want & I plan to wear it to work .
 Well the ring was to small for my finger length wise it needs one more tier in order to bend my finger in it . otherwise nice product
 This bracelet is beautiful ! I love wolves and this is just what I wanted . The detail of the wolf is perfect and I love the cuff style . I would defently recommend this bracelet for anyone who loves wolves . Beautiful craftsmanship ! The pewter does bend easily but the detail and crafts-ship of the wolf is worth the carefulness you have to take in bend the bracelet on and off .
 I love this bracelet ! It is absolutly beautiful . The wolf is awesome looking and has great detail . I really love this bracelet and I plan to wear it a lot and show it off .
 This is one of my favourite pieces of jewellery . It 's beautiful , a great talking piece and extremely comfortable to wear .
 So I bought the bracelet about a week ago and it was delivered extremely fast and I got a few others things to , and thier all fantastic , really well crafted , just make sure not to resize the bracelet too often of it could break .
 This is a wonderful piece . Others say it is easily bendable but its nothing compared to the other metal banded bracelets I have purchased . If your thinking about buying it stop hesitating !
 i love my bracelet , I wear it everyday . I like the old world look about it . The only drawback is the fact that pewter is a soft metal , & bends easily . I have to be careful not to push it too tight on my wrist . Love my wolf bracelet .
 I was n't that familiar with pewter jewelry until I purchased this and the Trinity knot bracelet from Dan 's Jewelers . Both are much nicer than pictured !! Not being a `` frilly '' woman , I love the simple , yet somewhat detailed design , and I 'm elated to have one of my totem animals on such a striking piece of jewelry .
 I received these as a Christmas present , and am so pleased with them ! They are a lovely , slightly spark-ly earring . They sit lower on the earlobe than I expected -LRB- the stud is towards the top -RRB- .
 This is the cutest toe ring . It is a summer must have . It looks good dressed up or down .
 One of my friends has the same ring . I thought it looks really fantastic and I bought one for my self . I normally wear size 5 however the ring is really small , so I suggest to buy one size bigger . I sent the ring back for an exchange to get size 6 , and I received the new one back really fast . It was impressive ! The ring looks extremely shiny when you first get it but then it gets a little bit darker and looks nice .
 I lusted after the Tiffany 's version of this ring forever and finally thought I would give this one a try before shelling out $ 200 . I love it !! Ordering a size bigger is a great piece of advice though . I did this and it fits nicely and is n't too thick or uncomfortable . The silver is of good quality and wears well . Add their coordinating mesh bracelet and you have a polished look for a fraction of the designer price !
 Bought this ring for my daughter and we both were very happy with the looks of it and how it was made . I did go by the reviews and bought a size bigger and it was to big . We should of bought regular size . No problems with exchanging it at all !
 This ring will save you a lot of money when comparing it to Tiffany . Anyone looking for a nice classy looking piece of jewelry that can be worn everyday without fear of losing something expensive should take a good look at this ring . I did however think this ring would be a bit brighter color wise when it came but I was disappointed to see it was darker . The picture shown when I bought it showed a brighter looking ring , however the picture shown now is accurate . Also I did have one issue with the ring and it was that one of the loops on the end were not closed all the way , and would get caught on clothing . A very simple fix of taking needle nose pliers and a cloth and pinched it to where it should be and never had a problem since . The free ground shipping is something I would stay away from , and just pay for upgraded shipping . I had it shipped the free shipping and it took 4-5 days to arrive when the company shipped it from the same state I live in less than an hour away . I am going to go ahead and blame USPS but it was getting close to the deadline for Christmas and I was afraid it was not going to show up on time . The company shipped the items I ordered the same day . I did contact customer service about the shipping and the person I spoke with was very polite and accommodating to my requests and questions and was willing to make things right and help me get what I needed for Christmas if the items did n't come by a certain date . Overall I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a silver mesh ring , and this company for any other jewelry as their prices are hard to beat , the quality is good and the customer service is top notch .
 Nice looking ring , runs about 1/2 size small . The ring looks nice , but is n't as well made as I was hoping , the mesh breaks and starts poking out after a few wears .
 This transaction was flawless . The delivery was extremely fast , the ring is beautiful and just as described and the price is very reasonable . I would shop here again .
 Beautiful . Looks great.The only problem is it 's a bit `` long '' . So , the cuffs will be a bit looser than you may expect.Still , I really love it : - -RRB-
 I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she absolutely loved it . She says that she wears it often and gets many compliments . The bracelet arrived on time and it came in a great gift box ! Thank you very much . I will be ordering from Harris Michael again really soon .
 I wear this bracelet everyday its my favorite . Its a strong and durable .
 I 'm an anti-Twilight , but a big fan of mother of pearl . I was specifically looking for a small-sized MOP and I found it doing a search under jewelry . I did n't know that it was an EA celeb creation to appease Twitards . I like the asymmetrical band setting , but EA should tell fans it IS N'T a cabochon , but a FLAT MOP -LRB- the photo is a bit deceptive -RRB- .
 It looks JUST like the one in the movie ! Absolutely beautiful ! I wear mine almost every day . I get so many compliments ! It 's not too big or too small . I havent had a bit of problems with it and I 'm so glad I purchased this ring .
 This was a Christmas gift . It is hard to imagine that a ring of this quality could be 5 bucks , but that 's how much I paid for it . My sister loves the ring 's antique look . She says that she never wears rings , but she 'll wear this one because it is so pretty . The size range in this ring is very accomodating also -- it is usually harder to find rings like this in the larger size , 10 .
 This ring actually looked even better when I got it than I had believed it would . My daughter liked it so much that I gave it to her .
 This medical alert braclet looked just like its picture and is nice quality sterling silver .
 This is a great necklace ! The color is amazing , it 's bright and clear . The gemstones in the picture are darker than the actual necklace you receive . The stones are more of an icy green peridot set in a shimmering silver setting . No matter what lighting you are sitting in the necklace just glows . The necklace is petite but sturdy . You will love it .
 Exceptional 3.25 carats total weight Round Shape Peridot Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling SilverThis is a very dainty necklace . The quality is good and the coloris very consistent and pretty . Great gift for August Birthstone .
 I have always yearned for a pink diamond , but the price was to much for me . This one is pretty . Done well , ca n't wait to wear it .
 Having heard this song on the Oakenfold * Tranceport compilation , it instantly became one of my all time favorite songs . This song will make body parts start moving with out your say so , if you can sit still trough out the entire song I must ask you to seek help ! Awesome again , get it !
 Anyone looking for a feel-good , toe tappin ' CD with a great song ... here it is ! The first time I heard this song was in Los Angeles -LRB- while on vacation -RRB- on Groove Radio 103 . Thank God for radio announcers who actually tell you the name of the group and the song , because if they had n't I would have missed out on the great song `` Someone '' . I had to wait until it was finally available to the general public , but do you think I could get this import through my local music store ? No way ! The only place I could find it was on the internet . It has been a long time since my ears have heard a voice like Joanna Law 's . Whether you want the radio edit -LRB- clocking in @ 3:55 -RRB- , the original vocal mix -LRB- clocking in @ 9:00 -RRB- or the other three mixes , you should n't be unhappy with your choice to buy this import . It 's really scarey to think how many good songs are n't getting through to Americans because they originate outside the US . Here 's to a fine import CD and a good value .
 Ca n't actually say I 've listened to all the mixes on the single , but I know they kick ... D'ya like trance/euro with a few liricks ... ... a nice song ? ... paul oakenfold ... slacker ... It 'll beat your usual pop shet anyday . Gon na buy it now ... F -LRB- UK -RRB-
 This little bracelet is beautiful . It has great sparkle , but is n't so dressy that you only wear it for special occasions .
 As usual for Peora -LRB- seller -RRB- , these earrings were exactly as I expected and came in a lovely presentation box . I have bought many pieces from this seller and they always come very quickly and packaged well so that the inner presentation box is never damaged . Shipping is free . These are not large , showy earrings . They are delicate and quietly beautiful . They would be perfect for Valentine 's Day .
 This review is for this setting , as well as the total Amazon create-your-own ring process.I proposed to my fiancee with this setting . It looks absolutely great , and she loves it . I knew I wanted an white gold 3 stone setting , with two round blue sapphire side stones and a round diamond center . Amazon offered by far the best price for a setting like this , and this one is 18k too.Amazon was not able to tell me if the sapphires were natural or lab created , so I must assume that they were lab created . However , this does n't matter to us . They are a very deep blue , eye clean , and something like 3.5-4 mm wide based on my home tape measure . I wish these specifications would have been provided , but in the end it looks very beautiful.I did n't want to go crazy with a huge rock , but I knew cut was very important . I put a GIA certified 0.66 carat , excellent cut , SI2 , I round brilliant in the ring . -LRB- Amazon sold this one for only $ 750 , which was at least a few hundred cheaper than anywhere else for similar rocks ! -RRB- . On her size 4.5 finger , everything looks very well proportioned ! I think an excellent cut , the smaller sapphires , and her small fingers make the diamond look bigger than it actually is.I was a little frustrated that the GIA certificate number is not posted on many diamonds such as this one . If it was , more complete information could be found on the GIA website . However , I was n't too worried because of Amazon 's 30 day return policy . Luckily the diamond was eye clean with my 20/20 vision at least . I then plugged the numbers into the Holloway cut adviser , and the diamond scored extremely well . This was n't really necessary however , because it was obvious that the diamond sparkled brilliantly in all light conditions.The packaging materials were nice . The box is wood-looking on the outside , what seems like white leather on the inside , and does n't feel cheap . If you do n't want her to know where you bought it , the box , ring , and certificates have no Amazon markings . The care of your jewelry pamphlet , return information , and appraisal estimate do.One caveat - the setting is rather high , due to the bridge underneath the three stones . Make sure you are aware of this , in case such a high setting would bother her . Amazon offers different pictures of the ring , depending on if you have already picked a diamond or not . Here is a link to the setting with no diamond18k White Gold Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Sapphire SidestonesIn the end , the whole package was fantastic , especially considering the price . Why get ripped off somewhere else ?
 Product was nice , just thought it was smaller . I was getting them for my 4 yr old daughter and when received realized that they were too big for her little ears - so I got them !
 nice ring , well made , yet nothing in band , I thought it was silver , could I have been wrong , also for future reference , buy a smaller stone in CZ
 This necklace really is a stunner.I 've been wedding shopping and buying lots of jewelry here -LRB- mostly from Peora -RRB- because it 's affordable and high quality . Some pieces were too dainty , and some over-the-top . This necklace might be too much . It looks like it 's made for a princess . I mean , a real royal-family princess . Which I 'm not , so I 'm not sure I can pull it off . It looks too real to seem like `` obviously costume '' jewelry but too big to be believably real.I ordered it at the same time as Peroa 's `` Inspired Elegance '' earrings . This necklaces matches those earrings perfectly -LRB- and it all matches my round cut 4-prong engagement ring -RRB- , and those earrings are definitely the winners for the wedding . This necklace is beautiful , but the diamonds and whole piece is large enough that people will wonder if it 's fake or if you rented/bought a $ 40,000 piece of jewelry . So my bind is also that it actually will give away that the Inspired Elegance earrings I love are fakes -LRB- it looks like a set although sold separately -RRB- ! But it 's beautiful and I might still wear it . But if you want to wear it formally - realize , it 's enough that it 's a statement piece . And if you are extremely wealthy you could probably pull this off and have people assume it 's real . It looks that good .
 I bought this and wore in my wedding and absolutely love it . It is gorgeous and I got lots of compliments on it .
 I get lots of compliments on this ring . The design is gorgeous and the stone color is a true amethyst .
 Small petite earrings , I found them in my gold box one day for $ 10 so I ordered a bunch for Xmas presents . I was impressed when they showed , they are petite , very cute , and the stones are beautiful . Not sure how they will wear yet , but initial reaction is `` wow '' , nice bang for the buck .
 I wish I had seen reviews before I bought these in October 08 . VERY nice quality earrings , exactly as pictured , but much smaller and daintier than I thought . Very well suited for younger , pre-teen girls , or a woman with very short hair to show them off . My longer hair just hides them . But pretty earrings regardless , and nicely boxed with fast delivery .
 The earrings are very well made , not tremendous , but really make a statement . I was very happily surprised and just received a very well made ring from Peora as well . I plan on doing a lot of my holiday shopping with them ! Thanks ! -LRB- Previous fine jewelry store manager of 9 years -RRB-
 I purchased these for a young lady -LRB- about 12 -RRB- and they are adorable . I am sure she will love them
 nice ones not the best i have ever gotten but not the worst either
 I recently returned a garnet ring I had purchased from another company . While the stone was nice , the setting was very poor . When I received my refund , I decided to try this ring , despite the photo . I got it this morning and could n't be happier . The setting is solid and of a very fine quality silver . Much nicer than the photo provided . The stone is a deep red without a hint a brown in it , and I love the `` east-west '' setting . This ring is sizeable without being a `` knuckle-duster '' . It 's just big enough to be seen , yet not too big to wear to work every day . It 's elegantly simple and does n't overpower my small hands . It even compliments the rather ornate wide band I wear on the other hand . Do n't hesitate to order this ring
 the earrings are so nice my mom took them from me to keep for herself
 Very beautiful product , items arrived very promptly ! Very satisfied with this purchase , would recommend the store to anyone ! Sincerely , Beate
 Oval & Round Genuine London Blue Topaz Three-Stone Earrings Sterling SilverThese earrings are very well made ... they are pleasant to wear because they are not heavy ... the color of the stones are lovely and bright ... the design is unusual as well .
 These delicate earrings are a lovely addition to other pieces from the Peora London Blue Topaz collection . We added these earrings to a ring and necklace to create a beautiful set for our daughter ; whose birthday is in December.She is as delighted with the quality and craftsmanship of the earrings as we are . They look lovely on the ear ; especially if one 's hair is short or worn swept away from the ear . The earrings are the perfect size for looking elegant . We are most pleased with our purchase !
 I like the iridescence of the earrings , but they are a little larger than I generally wear .
 I purchase a LOT of jewelry and have done so for the past decade or more . Quite honestly , I think this pendant and chain are on the lightweight side . Had hoped the combo would arrive a little more substantial . If I had any assurance of finding something similar but more substantial , this would be returned in a heartbeat . Still pondering returning and what else I could do for my expecting step-daughter .
 This necklace arrived just as it was described . It 's very elegant and classy . My girlfriend was really happy when she received it as a gift from our son on his first Christmas .
 Every mother needs a cameo of their child . It makes a great gift for a new mother . The quality of this product is very good .
 I purchased this piece of jewelry for my mother and I could not be more pleased . It is beautifully crafted and truly stunning . The silver is high quality and the details in the agate are expertly rendered.She was thrilled to receive it and it looks great on her whether she 's wearing a nice dress or a blouse . She 's had it a few years now , and it still looks as great as ever .
 Purchased this as a gift for my expecting wife , very simple yet still nice quality . This is no thousand dollar necklace , but , I am OK with that . Nice enough to show I care with out throwing out the budget . Very much worth the $ 49.00 .
 I bought this for my kids to give me for Mother 's Day , and it is really beautiful . The cameo is really small , but the page on Amazon descibes the size acurately . It is very beautiful , but very delicate .
 the picture is 3D with great color but very small . in the site it has the dimentions but I did not notice it . be careful read every thing .
 This vendor shipped promptly . The cameo is beautiful and I would purchase from them again , in fact , I intend to purchase another cameo .
 I bought this as a gift for myself -LRB- from my five year old ... -RRB- and I adore it so much , I never take it off . It has a timeless kind of beauty and is a symbol of the unity between my daughter and I. I get compliments on it wherever I go .
 I PURCHASE THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER IN LAW . SHE WAS SO PLEASED SHE JUST LOVES THE NECKACE !! THIS WAS A GREAT CHOICE !! MARY
 I received this for Mothers Day . It is so sweet . I wear it almost every day .
 The necklace came in the promised time ; it looks just like the photo ; the quality was what I expected . A pleasant experience all around .
 This cameo is a perfect gift for a new mother . It is beautifully made and appears to be of high quality . I gave it to my daughter to commemorate her child 's first birthday and it was a great hit .
 The perfect gift for a new mother ! Item was exactly as pictured and described , and was packaged nicely in a gift box . The agate mother & child was a beautiful blue color with good contrast and nice detail . The sterling silver rope trim around the cameo was also a beautiful touch . Highly recommended !
 Sterling Silver Oval Frame 16x12mm Blue Agate Mother and Baby Cameo.Shipped fast ... It is really beautiful ! very nice ! Delicate and pretty
 It 's a bit smaller than I expected . Also , it looks on Amazon like it has a glossy front , but it does not . The engraved image sits on top of the backing . It still looks nice , and my wife is very happy .
 The product was great and I wear it all the time and I got it in record time .
 The rings arrived early and were in great shape . They are beautiful and it was easy for my fiance too !
 Just as advertized and arrived before the expected shipping date . A pretty piece with dazzling gemstones in sterling . It is a beautiful necklace and I would buy from this seller again . Thank you !
 I love that mexican necklace!Mexican 20 Centavo &Ograve;Eagle&Oacute; Two Tone Coin with 24 '' Necklace
 I appreciated the obviously fine quality of this ring , the affordability of it , and the speed at which it was delivered . Thanks !
 I ordered this Guardian Angel cameo for my 6-year-old daughter and was very impressed with the quality of the necklace when I received it . She saves it for extra special occasions and really treasures it . Thank you for creating such a nice product .
 The chain was kind of cheap , but the cameo was nice . A little lighter than I would have imagined ... I bought it as a gift for a friend . She loves it .
 This charm was pretty and the perfect size for the bracelet I wanted to put it on . This charm had a nice weight to it and the diamonds were easily visible . I feel the price I paid was worth it .
 These earrings are smaller than I expected , although they are actually the exact size of their image on my computer monitor . They are also not quite as pretty as the picture . There must have been some very good lighting for the display pic . I will wear them and enjoy them though .
 HAVING RAISED SIAMESE CATS 25 YEARS I KNEW HOW I WANTED TO SHOWCASE THIS SPECAIL BREED ON MY VERY PERSONAL BRACELET . I FOUND THE PUURRRFECT ONE . THIS CHARM IS VERY WELL MADE , AUTHENTIC IN BODY DESIGN AND DETAIL . IF YOU LOVE SIAMESE YOU WILL SURELY FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS ONE .
 This is a very beautiful necklace . The stones are a nice size and color . Peridot is one of my favorite stones and it was nice to find a necklace this nice for the price .
 Very nice pendant , shiny and smooth , and just the right size . The bail is good , too , not the cheap bendable kind , but permanently sauderized . The box chain that came with it was good quality too .
 I chose this ring for myself in part because of the price , but also because I like the pattern . I would not consider the ring dainty , but elegant . The Celtic knot gives some visual interest , and the cut of the stone gives a nice sparkle . The stones is a realistic looking amethyst color , not overly bright or tinted . I have very small fingers , so along with the difficulty I have finding rings in a size 5 , I also have a hard time finding rings that do not look enormous on my fingers . This one is a perfect size . At the time of this posting , the hand illustration showing the size is very accurate .
 I bought this bracelet for my mother and she loved it.Very nice and elegant .
 I was very poeased with the merchandise . The piece was very beautiful . The recipient of the gift commented on how nice it was .
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I must admit . . I was a little concerned the ring wouldnt look as nice as the picture when I ordered it . . but the price was so great I couldnt pass up trying it . It is a wonderful piece . I was totally thrilled when I saw it . . couldnt help thinking how much my daughter is going to love this at christmas . Infinity jewelry was the only thing she asked me to find for her and I know she is going to love this . I bought a sterling silver necklace at Target & wasnt totally thrilled with it when I bought it , but it was the only infinity item I could find in a store . This is a piece I know she will be totally happy with and so will you ! Dont hesitate to buy it . . you will love it , especially when the price is so little and the ring is so pretty !
 i purchased this necklace few month back and I got ta say i love it , I purchased again as a gift for my friend as well and she loved it . for my self I also got the matching earrings which look great together , very happy with the purchase very happy with the seller , shipment was very fast and good , I would definately purchase again and again from this seller ...
 I do not have a problem with this pocketbook , my uses it everytime we get to travel and so far no complaints from her , quality is excellent and very convinient . Has a lot of space for my wife 's jewelry . Will recommended to everyone
 Love this jewelry case . The exterior design is great , and the interior is well divided . My necklaces , rings and earings all have their place inside this well designed jewelry case .
 Have had a wonderful experience with this jewelry storing pocketbook . My girlfriend travels extensively and loves it . Says the leather is as soft as anything she ; s ever felt before and the stitching was quite nice . Would definitely buy again
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I got these really just because of the deep color of the stones . I was n't too sure if the little lady would like the look , but since they were so inexpensive , I also bought the oval cut celtic design drop earrings with somewhat lighter stones.Well , they looked fantastic when they showed up and she loved them.Simple and small with a slightly dangly look . Very nice .
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 This cow charm is very cute . It 's tiny , but it looks like a real cow . I put the charm on a sterling silver chain , and I wear it as a necklace . The quality of this product is great .
 This came in a little velvet bag and was exactly what I was looking for . It appears to be of good quality and made a perfect gift for my Mother . She was pleased with it as well .
 I went back and forth as to if I wanted to get this charm , and you know what ? I 'm glad I did . He 's a petite little guy measuring at about a half an inch , nicely detailed and solidly made . He also came in a box in a velvet pouch with his plastic zip lock bag folded inside the box . Would n't it be nice if everyone packaged that way ? It 's so frustraiting how some people leave out the little details . But Amazon took in all the details . It was shipped in a timely manner as well . Great purchase , great price , great charm .
 Let me start off by saying ... I am a cow fanatic . Not in a sick way for you strange ppl out there.This charm is very tiny , about 1 cm in length and considering the size it 's relatively detailed . Note the picture is a bit bigger than the actual item .
 I baught this cow charm to put on a necklace for my gf . It was exactly what i was looking for . She loved it .
 Bought this for my friend who loves anything to do with cows and she absolutely loved this item , she put it on her charm bracelet
 just the right size , well done , very clever , a conversation charm for any bracelet , granddaughter will enjoy it , I 'm sure ...
 The small cow is so cute . It looks very nice on a silver chain & will be a great gift for someone who likes cows .
 This is a perfect size solid charm that looks the same on either side . Silver is nicely finished and the enamel is a nice highlight . Really looks like the picture .
 wonderful and amazing . Great for charm bracelet . I 've seen this for a greater cost that was not done as well .
 I shopped online extensively to purchase a miraculous medal in white gold for my daughter ... this item was the very best price I could find ... when I received the medal I was very pleased with the quality and beauty of it ... my daughter loved it ! Thanx , Amazon for a great online shopping experience !
 This medal is beautiful , and small . It 's perfect to buy for a man who does n't generally wear jewelry .
 I gave this as a gift , but it is so beautiful . My daughter really loves them . They match a previous gift from Amazon .
 My favorite pair of pearl earrings kept losing pearls . I have been looking for something similar for years . Having given up on the button cluster posts , I started looking for other kinds of clusters not reliant on glue . These caught my eye and have not disappointed . They are quite lovely and have an appeal similar to the ones I could not keep together .
 I purchased these for my mom for Christmas . They really are pretty . They lay and move very nicely and are a good length for dangly earrings . Big enough to be noticed but not so long as to be gaudy .
 I bought these earrings for my mother for Christmas . They were so pretty ! First off , they came in a very nice box . When I opened it I was very pleased with the quality of the pearls and the workmanship . I feel like I got a lot more than I paid for . My mother loved them and they looked so nice on . I highly recommend this product and this seller . They have great quality and they ship quickly and in nice packaging . You ca n't ask for more !
 I received my earrings a day after I ordered . The service is fast and the product is better . I 'm 100 % satisfied with these earrings . They are lustrous , and I ca n't stop looking at them !!
 I received these for Mother 's Day and love them . They are nicely made and have the right amount of dangle to be feminine and fun . The pearls have a nice luster and are smooth . The silver is shiny and well matched to the pearls . I would highly recommend these cute earrings . I wore them with jeans on the first day and got tons of compliments .
 These earrings are absolutely beautiful . They were much more than I expected for the price and at this price you really cant beat it ! I would definetly recommend !
 My husband surprised me with these earrings . I love them . I 've gotten so many compliments on them that I 'm thinking on getting the peach ones too . I love black pearls , and these just look gorgeous . The value is great and you wo n't be disappointed . They look at least as good as in the picture .
 These really look very beautiful ! I was afraid they might look too big or heavy , but they are just perfect -- very delicate !
 I really like the earrings , though the other reviewer was correct -- they are smaller than what the image/height stat . suggested . So I 'm really pleased that there are new images up with a measurement guide to avoid future confusion . But overall , I 'm pleased .
 I love my earrings and the service was great . I would recommend the site to my friends . Great overall.White Cultured Pearl Bunch Earrings
 I purchased these earrings as a gift for my daughter . They arrived quickly and were a perfect match for necklace , which she already has . They are a very nice quality . The color is fantastic ! We are very happy with the purchase .
 This is a very nice quality charm . Very pretty and shinny silver . I am not to sure if I like the word `` China '' printed on the back so much , but overall I am pleased and it looks nice as a charm on my bracelet .
 This cute little charm was just the thing I needed for my necklace chain . It 's quite small -LRB- around 1-1 .5 cm -RRB- , but I love it !! Would reccomend !
 It was as advertised and is pretty nice , but a little small and thin for what I was looking for . I 'd like the `` made in China '' to be less prominent on the back .
 The nickel-free , sterling fiagaro chain was indeed in superb craftmanship . Light as a feather yet beautiful as a diamond . italian Fiagaro shows enough beauty when wored . It looks unique and expensive but to get these in store would cost from $ 39 - 113.00 depending the size length . It would been better if they had them here . Overall , beautiful and priceless !
 very nice and delicate our daughter loved it for christmas shiny
 This charm is so adorable . The pink part is a wonderful shade of shiny pink and appears to be baked on so doubt that flaking will occur . The silver sweet 16 is raised ~ the picture does not do the charm justice . Size is perfect for a charm bracelet.Purchased this for a cousin and she was so thrilled with it .
 I just loved this for my daughter 's charm bracelet . She 's turning 16 in a few months .
 The charm is more lovely than the picture . A precious color of pink . In addition the charm arrives in a small navy velvet bag which is placed in a navy box . So is a very elegant presentation.Lastly , it arrived just 2 days after purchase selecting the free shipping option .
 My wife liked these , so they worked out great for a gift . Although they are on a lighter side , the craftsmanship is just outstanding . Clasp is very solid and not flimsy , and no coming loose . Look sexy for night time out and still professional enough for the office .
 These were bought as a Christmas gift for my wife and I was so pleased with the quality of the earings and the packaging of them .
 I purchased this charm for my wife for Christmas . We have been married for 47 years and it brought tears to her eyes . She added it to her charm bracelet immediately .
 Very cute , I like them , worth the money . Though it 's said that the earrings are for kids , it 's also great for big girls .
 These earings are relatively small but really cute . They are fabulous presents for your kids .
 I purchased these for my two year old granddaughter . They were the perfect size for her . The screw backs were great .
 We ordered these for our 2 year old . I was looking for some earrings with the screw on backs , and found these . I did n't know about this type of backing until recently , and was so excited to find some that were this cute ! They fit her ears nicely and do n't seem to come loose easily , which is what we wanted .
 THESE EARRINGS ARE SO CUTE AND TINY AND LIGHT ! THE SCREW-IN BACKS ARE AWESOME , MY DAUGHTER DOES N'T BOTHER THEM AT ALL BECAUSE SHE DOES N'T FEEL THEM ON HER EARS !
 Very cute earrings . My cousin likes bears and she likes this . The only problem is that it is kind of hard to see a little small . Everything else about it is really good and we all like it . This is a must buy to all bear fans !
 screw back earrings are hard to find and that 's what I needed for 21 month old daughter . they are the perfect size and look really cute on her !
 These earrings were the perfect gift for my favorite little ballerina . I especially like the fact that the post has a screw-on back , which really keeps them on securely through all sorts of activities . Perfect size for smaller ears -- probably up to age 12 or so .
 Perfect gift for after ballet recital . The earrings were the perfect size for my 5 year old Granddaughter and were very much loved .
 These earrings are adorable and perfect for my 3 year old . I bought them as a Christmas present and I know she is going to love them .
 My 12-year-old granddaughter is an avid dance student , and she really enjoyed these earrings . If she loves it , I love it .
 I bought these for my 4 year old niece for Christmas and I love them ! Great size and very well made ! I would recommend them for small children !
 These are sweet little earrings , I bought them mainly because our daughter is 2 and likes to take the backs of her earrings off . In short , we have ended up with lots of lost earrings ! These little guys stay on though . They have screw on backs that do n't budge . It passed the toddler test and she has had them on for months with no issues . Cute little earrings for my princess !
 These are pretty cute , but the backs screw on which is a little tough for little girls fingers to use .
 My neice just got her ears pierced for Christmas , so I have been looking around for a cute pair of studs to buy for her birthday . These are so cute and petit , perfect for a girl turning 5 . I love that they have the screw on backs . I 'm sure she 'll adore them .
 These earrings look sweet on my almost 5 year old daughter . I think I finally found a pair that will hold up to her active play . Others I have purchased were quite ` delicate ' and either broke off from the stem or folded at the ends of the design and then eventually broke off .
 These are cute and a little different from the run of the mill earrings you find for kids .
 These are pretty , but they came loose not on a card , also , the backs are n't the nice round screw on backs that are on the other kid earrings , they looked like reg earbacks , they do screw on , but they dont protect baby from pointed earring .
 Product was exactly what I expected , it was delivered in a prompt and timely manner .
 Pretty simple , nice belly ring but the stone is loose . Not great quality , but for the price it 's fine .
 My wife asked for this for her birthday -LRB- 8/2010 -RRB- . Here is her review : This chain is very nice , especially for the price and length and being nickel-free . I LOVE IT !!! It is a feminine thickness , delicate looking , yet sturdy.Unfortunately , the two pendants -LRB- filigree heart locket & marscarite watch -RRB- I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top . The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for `` perfume '' and body heat helps it float around . The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time . I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty , delicate , yet strong chain.I 've been wearing this chain without a pendant , though , over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine . Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it .
 my stuff came fast and was a good price . the product was also very nice . thank you .
 Sturdy yet delicate , high polish , have had many complements ! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver , , , Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price . .
 was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web . but with outrageous prices at the mall , i went for it . the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms . i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat .
 Very nice ring . I was disappointed in the color of the stone compared to what was pictured . The stone is more yellow than it is green .
 My wife asked for this for her birthday -LRB- 8/2010 -RRB- . Here is her review : This chain is very nice , especially for the price and length and being nickel-free . I LOVE IT !!! It is a feminine thickness , delicate looking , yet sturdy.Unfortunately , the two pendants -LRB- filigree heart locket & marscarite watch -RRB- I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top . The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for `` perfume '' and body heat helps it float around . The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time . I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty , delicate , yet strong chain.I 've been wearing this chain without a pendant , though , over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine . Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it .
 my stuff came fast and was a good price . the product was also very nice . thank you .
 Sturdy yet delicate , high polish , have had many complements ! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver , , , Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price . .
 was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web . but with outrageous prices at the mall , i went for it . the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms . i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat .
 Being a bike enthusiast I found this cute little charm impossible to resist , and when I got it I liked it even more , because I thought it would be rather bulky , but it is really dainty and delicate , and the wheels really work . I have a bracelet full of charms -LRB- about 20 -RRB- and this is the one that always gets the `` oooohs '' and `` awwws '' from people looking at it .
 This charm was a gift for my 10 year old niece . While the bale is more for a bracelet , it also goes well on a chain . She currently is wearing it on her neck and has not taken it off for a week . For the price you would not expect the detail , spinning wheels nor size . It 's a fabulous value . I will definitely be coming back for more charms from Amazon
 Exactly as described with ` wheels that actually roll ' . A ` charming ' charm and a great deal at $ 15 .
 Bought this to go on a necklace as a charm and it 's great . Very versatile in that it stands out with my outfit but is n't too big to draw attention .
 I am collecting charms that have meaning for me . My mother was a terrific seamstress so this charm is a nice memory of her . I would have liked more detail on the charm .
 My girlfriend just love it , excelente product , I strongly recommend for people who wants to give a present regarding fashion : -RRB-
 My siblings and I got charms that represented ourselves and put them on a bracelet for our mom this last mother 's day . As I am a costume designer , I bought this . My mom loved it . It 's lovely and detailed and quaint . It was perfect .
 MY ITEM CAME PROMPTLY & WAS EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURE . GREAT SERVICE . WILL DEFINATLY DO BUSINESS WITH SELLER AGAIN .
 My little granddaughter loved her necklace . Ordering was quite easy and it was delivered in just a few days . I was delighted with the purchase and would n't hesitate to recommend this product .
 Was very pleased with the sterling silver children 's ballet slippers pendant and to say the least my two Granddaughter were very pleased too .
 I purchased this for my neice and I 'm sure she will love it . It is nice quality . A little smaller then I would have liked , but happy all the same .
 This necklace is so sweet . I as worried it would not look as good as it did in picture , but it is great .
 I bought this for a very nice young lady who lives in my building . She is studying the ballet . She was very happy with it , and I think that others with the same proclivities would be , too .
 This was a Cristmas gift and I thought it was lovely for a young childs first necklace . This item was delivered in a timely manner and I felt it was a good price for what I got .
 my grand daughter who is 4 loved the story of the silver ballet slippers and is really into ballet , so she was thrilled to get this necklace . It is very small and dainty and would not work for a bigger kid . It looks a little bigger in the picture than it actually is .
 My wife asked for this for her birthday -LRB- 8/2010 -RRB- . Here is her review : This chain is very nice , especially for the price and length and being nickel-free . I LOVE IT !!! It is a feminine thickness , delicate looking , yet sturdy.Unfortunately , the two pendants -LRB- filigree heart locket & marscarite watch -RRB- I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top . The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for `` perfume '' and body heat helps it float around . The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time . I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty , delicate , yet strong chain.I 've been wearing this chain without a pendant , though , over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine . Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it .
 my stuff came fast and was a good price . the product was also very nice . thank you .
 Sturdy yet delicate , high polish , have had many complements ! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver , , , Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price . .
 was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web . but with outrageous prices at the mall , i went for it . the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms . i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat .
 I am putting this aside for a stocking stuffer for daughter . She loves bugs ! ladybugs , butterflies , dragonflies in jewelry .
 This bracelet is too cute and perfect for the little `` big '' girl in your life ! It 's grown-up enough to where your little angel will feel like a big girl , but sturdy enough to survive little girl antics ! A great gift any ladybug lover is sure to love !
 My wife asked for this for her birthday -LRB- 8/2010 -RRB- . Here is her review : This chain is very nice , especially for the price and length and being nickel-free . I LOVE IT !!! It is a feminine thickness , delicate looking , yet sturdy.Unfortunately , the two pendants -LRB- filigree heart locket & marscarite watch -RRB- I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top . The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for `` perfume '' and body heat helps it float around . The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time . I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty , delicate , yet strong chain.I 've been wearing this chain without a pendant , though , over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine . Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it .
 my stuff came fast and was a good price . the product was also very nice . thank you .
 Sturdy yet delicate , high polish , have had many complements ! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver , , , Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price . .
 was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web . but with outrageous prices at the mall , i went for it . the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms . i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat .
 This necklace is stunning ... period . I Love It . The stone are rich and vibrant with a whole lot of `` fire '' The stones are not as dark as photographed . They are a rich medium blue . Over 5 carats of blue topaz makes a nice size necklace . It has `` wow '' factor . The chain is strong and the stones are set with outstanding workmanship . Sometimes marquise stones set on an angle have a tendency to `` pop out '' You wo n't have to worry about that with this necklace . It has been inlayed in the metal , as well as prong set . Very secure . Quality workmanship.I use to sell fine jewelry and I 'll tell you , this seller makes some top quality jewelry . It does n't just look good , it is very good . I 've purchased 12 pieces from this seller -- all of it is beautiful ... quality at unbelievable prices .
 I absolutely love this beautiful pendant and gold chain . The Star of David is smaller than I anticipated , which is good . I was afraid it might be too large . Perhaps I 'll buy another chain or two , different lengths or styles , to switch the pendant between.Additionally , I am pleased to be able to wear this pendant and chain while playing guitar without it banging into the back of the instrument and possibly ruining the finish . It is extremely annoying to be playing my guitar while my necklace keeps tapping or knocking up against the back of the guitar and not even be in sync with the beat.Most importantly , this pendant brings me joy to wear a symbol of my faith which reflects the beauty of Judaism .
 These are a great way to keep your multiple remotes organized and your tabletop clutter free . I bought 2 of the black .
 After reading the other review of this item , I felt I had to set the record straight . I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico . The pendant is not small , and I needed a substantial chain . This chain is perfect !
 I purchased this for my charm necklace . My son is a cancer so I wanted something to symbolize him . I gave it 4 stars only because the cuts on the stones were very uneven but I guess you get what you pay for . It is a very nice size .
 I am always looking for `` special '' things for the grandkids . My granddaughter is born in July , i.e. Cancer and rubies . This charm is just perfect for her . Love it !
 This ruby and sterling crab charm is beautiful . I wear it on a sterling chain as a necklace and get so many compliments . It is a nice , heavy piece and just the right size . I have worn it every day since I purchased it . The rubies are clear and bright . My `` sign '' is Cancer so this was a birthday gift to myself . I absolutely love it .
 I gave this as a gift and my sister loved it . I think it is a lovely charm for July birthdays and anyone who loves crabs . Great price .
 This crab charm was a great find for me - ruby is my birthstone and Cancer -LRB- the Crab -RRB- is my Zodiac sign . I 've been looking for a Crab charm/pendant and also for something with rubies for a while , so this charm was perfect for me . It arrived today and I like it - it 's pretty and delicate and the perfect size , I 've been planning to wear it on a chain as a small pendant , and at about 1/2 '' long and 1/2 '' wide it 's just the right size for that . It appears to be well-made , the silver is bright and shiny , and even though I tend to prefer antiqued silver and marcasite , I really like the look of this charm . What I do n't like about it are the stones - they are incredibly dull . There 's no shine to them , no spark , nothing . Then there is the color - another customer says the stones are more pinky than red , I guess the color of the stones varies from one charm to another , because mine are really dark , at first glance they appeared almost black rather than red , much , MUCH darker than pictured . Only in direct sunlight do they look red with barely noticeable hints of pink . I 'm a bit dissappointed with the look and the quality of the stones , but for the price I paid I suppose it 's okay .
 I loved this crab ! I bought the charm intending to give it as a gift . . but I was so charmed I made a bracelet for myself ! The stones are more pinky than a red .
 This item was very pretty , my sister really liked it and wears it every day . Good quality and timely delivery .
 when I saw this it was the perfect gift to get for my wife for valentines , the nine rubies are the 9 th day of the month that I proposed and the rubies are the month that I proposed to my wife , hiding the charm till valentines and ca n't wait to give this wonderful charm .
 My ruby crab charm turned out to be a better product than I expected . I love it ! The quality is exactly what I wanted .
 well worth the money ! charm is a nice size , and the rubies are a beautiful color ... will show up beautifully on my granddaughter 's charm bracelet and will be a nice conversation point since her grandmother and her brother are both cancer the crab sun sign ...
 Bought this as a gift for a ` crabby ' friend . The charm is beautiful , much nicer in person than in the picture . Ca n't wait till she gets it !
 My best friend , of 30 + years , is a Cancer . I 'd searched for 20 years for a tiny crab charm and finally found this adorable sterling silver , ruby encrusted , crab charm . She was delighted by it ; and told me she 'd been looking for one since she was a teenager .
 Beautiful Charm . Many compliments . Looks very expensive . Can be worn as a charm on a necklace or as I use it on my pandora charm bracelet . Stones are set very nicely . Would buy again .
 Very good looking cuff links will let you wear that dress shirt without mayor hassles and without spending a lot of money , still making you look very sharp !
 My brother bought me a pair of these for xmas last year . I 'm a bit clumsy , so sadly I 've dropped each of them multiple times on hard floors -LRB- e.g. ceramic tile -RRB- . The only damage they 've sustained is minor chipping of the tips , and you ca n't even tell without looking up close since they still come to a point.At first I figured this would be the only glass pair I 'd ever own since I 'm such a klutz , but after seeing how well these stand up to impact , I 'm hoping to get more soon.My only concern is that they seem to be a smidgen narrower than some other 00g jewelry I have , but I 've encountered minor size variations from multiple makers so I have to conclude that it 's inevitable.They 're every bit as beautiful as they look in the pictures !
 Love this coin necklace ! The butterfly has special meaning and the coin is stunning!Great gift from my sweetheart and husband of 20 years !
 My niece asked me for a sapphire ring for her tenth birthday . It 's not easy to find rings of good quality for children . This ring is n't a child 's ring , per se , but it comes in size four which fits my niece 's index finger and it will give her plenty of room to grow into it and even use it as a pinky ring when she 's in college . The sapphire is small , but I think that 's fine . It is proportional to the rest of the ring . The ring I received had a nice blue sapphire - clearly a sapphire and not muddy . The styling makes it wrap nicely around the finger and it wo n't snag sweaters like so many rings do . My niece and I both like the smoothness of the dolphin 's body . It 's a shiny metal that does n't look like it will tarnish but it 's too early to know . It cleans easily with a soft jewelry cloth and also responded well to very mild soap and water . This is an excellent buy .
 When I ordered this ring , I did n't expect too much because of the price ... I was wrong . This is a very pretty , well made ring . I bought it as a christmas gift for my 12 yr old grandaughter and she loved it . She kept telling me over and over how beautiful it was
 These earrings are very beautiful . The mother of pearl is greyish with otherpretty color variations with the sterling silver . They are very worth it ! Amazon did it again ... presenting beautiful jewelry . . always their dependability . Happy customers equals eager purchases in the future .
 The necklace is very pretty , and my younger sister loves it . The size is nice , and the package arrived on time .
 Our granddaughter has a Chinese grandmother . This just seemed like the perfect gift for her to honor her Oriental ancestors . She loves it ! It is quite unique - as she is - and a great gift.The pendant is very fragile-looking with avery thin silver chain . It is perfect to wear with both casual or dress-up outfits .
 I got this for my husband for our wedding , and since we were on a budget it was a great help and so beautiful .
 I absolutly love my fiance wedding band . It is shiny and is really perfect for the price . My man loved it
 This ring is very beautiful and looks very masculine on his hand . Well worth the cost ! The design is like none other that I have seen and I have looked through many catalogs at men bands ! I am very pleased !
 I expected it to be a little heavier then it is -- but other than that I really like the ring.It sparkles on the hand and looks like the real thing
 We absolutely love this ring . It looks expensive and has a wonderful shine but be careful , it runs a little big so look into a half size smaller .
 This ring is BEAUTIFUL ! Purchased this as a wedding band for my Fiance and even though he preffers to wear only yellow gold He LOVES this ring . Other reviews are correct in that the ring DOES scratch easily - But still ABSOLUTELY a wonderful choice ... This ring ended up getting lost/stolen after having it only a week and we were both VERY relieved that while the ring IS amazing-stunning - at least we did n't lose hundreds or even thousands $ :-LRB- We will deffinatly be ordering an exact replacement ! I just wish this was available in 1/2 sizes so that I would n't have to pay a resizing fee somewhere again - Still worth it though ! 4 **** because it does Scratch easily - but HEY ! - It 's a man 's ring !
 man . . i went on SO Many different sites trying to find the perfect ring for me and my boyfriend 's anniversary present . I was so close to getting a ring from limoges.com for him , but i decided that the ring was n't `` SPECIAL '' enough . I did n't receive it yet , but i hope that he 'll love it . . because I loved it , and fell in love with it first sight ... and if you have similar taste as me , you could get the http://www.amazon.com/Simulated-Diamond-Twin-Band-Silver/dp/B000B4TDBW/ref=sr_1_51?ie=UTF8&s;=jewelry&qid;=1196044465&sr;=1-51BUT FOR FEMALES !! -- ^ yes , now my only concerns is that i PRAY the ring will fit , and the `` fragileness '' of it as said by the other customers .
 I bought this ring for my husband . It looks very nice and is a good quality ring . Have not had it for very long and have not been able to give it to him yet so we will see how well it holds up when being worn . I did purchase a females ring from here as well and the silver and everything still looks great and I have worn it everyday .
 WHen I opened the box I was shocked it is a wonderful ring . My husband is going to love it on his birthday .
 It is a very nice ring . The price was good and the ring is holding up well . I do n't wear it every day but it is nice . I would recommend for anyone who loves rings like I do . q : - -RRB-
 the ring was great its perfect the shipping came when it was supposed too everything was perfect
 this is a very nice ring and ver fancy , but you have to be carefull with it and where you put it .
 I got this as christmas gift and he loved it . It was wonderful . Thank you !
 It is ok , nothing special , You get what you pay for . It is too small for my husband so I wanted to exchange it and made several calls and e-mails but never got a response so I just gave up . So I am hoping my husband can have it enlarged . So not real happy right now . Angela
 Nice ring , but kind of small . I should have read the description more carefully.I wanted something a bit larger but thats my fault . It is 8mm at the top and tappers down to about 4mm at the bottom . Thats an average width for a mens wedding band . The mounting is well finished and the cz 's are good quality . All the stones are channel set square -LRB- princess cut -RRB- the center stone is only slightly larger the side stones.Seller did not mention weight but my estimate is .50 cttw . This would be a good choice for an understated inexpencive wedding band .
 I would have to say that this is the nicest ring for a guy that I have seen in a VERY long time . It 's just beautiful . The only thing is . . It gets dirty really quick and you have to watch what jewelry cleaner you use . The one we used on it turned it a gold looking color . Just be careful ! You dont wan na ruin it !
 I BOUGHT THIS RING BECAUSE I OWN A YELLOW GOLD COLLECTION OF JEWELRY A WHIT GOLD AND PLATNUM SO I FIGURED I WANTED SILVER I SAW THE RING AND SAID WHAT THE HECK FOR THE PRICE WHAT CAN I LOSE THIS RING IS STUNNINGLY BEAUTYFULL I PUT THIS ON WITH MY WHITE GOLD WATCH EVERY ONE THAT LOOKED AT MY RING NEW IT WAS WHITE GOLD LITTLE THAT THEY KNEW ITS SILVER . PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS LOOKING A MY FINGER I CAN WEAR IT AS MY WEDDING BAND ANY FINGER ANY HAND IN FACT MY WIFE TRIED IT ON AND WANTED TO KEEP IT.PS THE STONES ON THIS RING WILL NEVER FALL OUT BEHIND EVERY STONE IS A HOLE IN THE SILVER A STONE KNEEDS TO BREATH IN ORDER TO STAY IN PLACE.IVE BEEN INTO JEWERLY MY ENTIRE LIFE IF YOUR READING THIS JUST BUY IT . IT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND MEN OR WOMAN
 The ring is more beautiful than I expected . My husband has not worn it yet because it is too big , but he thinks I paid a fortune for it . Beautiful just beautiful !
 I must say that I absolutely love this ring . It is beautiful and very classy . Since wearing the ring , I have gotten so many compliments and everyone wanting to know where I got the ring . Of course , I tell them . I would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves class and beauty .
 I bought the sterling silver ring for a christmas gift . I was very happy with it when I recieved it . I think it is beautifully made , inspite a picky guy - he likes it too . I am happy with the ring .
 I not just like it - I LOVE it !!! Eventhough I got myself confused with a size and have to wear it on another finger now , I love it from the moment it apeared in my hands , MY PRECIOUS ...
 I think the ring is beautiful , and so does the person I gave it too . Every precaution is being taken to avoid scratching , and after reading other reviews , we 'll be taking that many more . I reccomend it , but be careful !
 My husband did not think it was too feminine . Perfect fit - and arrived the day we married in the cutest little box . Very shiny and sparkly - looks completely real .
 i never thought i 'd wear a shiny diamond -LRB- cough cough ... ok cubic zirconia -RRB- ring . but i thought hey with all the doom and gloom in the world , i just want something pretty to look at . seriously.took me forever to find a simple , non-gaudy design . i think there are over a thousand styles on amazon , literally took me like an hour to pore through them . but found this and ordered it.it 's a very pretty , simple , and tasteful ring in person . i 've had it a month or so now , it is not nearly as shiny with the brilliant chrome finish like the pic shows , tho it did arrive that shiny . it 's just silver is a soft metal , so quite soon it will just look `` normal '' . i actually wish they made one in white gold , maybe i 'd step up and pay just for a metal that keeps its lustre a little more . but again , it is the nature of silver to dull a bit and even though this is n't as blindingly shiny as it was out of the box , i still love it.overall , a very nice piece . and not expensive at all ! i wear it on my bird -LRB- as in flip the bird ... -RRB- finger , or my index finger . not as a wedding band on my fourth finger . not married , not interested ... . thank you very much ! -RRB- . so i really do just wear it as an accent / accessory piece . a very subtle , eye-catching piece. ; - -RRB-
 My husband gets compliments all the time . He beats his rings to death !! For the price I could careless lol !!
 This ring seems to have the perfect balance between the silver band and the channel of stones , with the slightly larger stone in the center . It is very comfortable to wear and looks good for every day and more dressy occasions .
 I wish I could have rated it 10 stars ! I received this ring about 3 days after I ordered it ! That impressed me first . Then , I opened it and I was just speechless ! My husband had been without a ring for so long and we just had n't had the money to buy him a ring . I was so pleased with what I received . The picture does it absolutely nooooo justice ! And my husband just smiles everytime he looks at it . It was suppose to be a Christmas gift for my husband , needless to say I did n't wait , I was too excited ! He loves it ! And I do too !
 I do n't usually take the time to leave reviews , but this is something special . Beautiful piece , awesome value , and it really looks very expensive . My first purchase of jewelry for myself in a very long time and I could n't be more pleased !
 I love this ring . I bought it for my husband and it looks great on him . Very high polish , the stones seem to be set well , nothing is lose or missing . He wears it daily and the ring is holding up very nicely . Great product !!
 This ring is the best ring I have ever gotten . It is simply amazing and the price is outstanding . I would most definitely recommend this ring to anybody else .
 Ordered this ring for my fiance . We were both WOWed when we opened the box and saw how beautiful it was . We were both extremely surprised to see that the photo used on the website was no where near doing justice to this ring . It 's a nice heavy weight , shines & we both love it ! Just hope it 's not as hard to keep clean or free-from-nicks - & - scratches as some other reviews here have stated .
 i just received this ring and i have to say it is the most beautiful ring i ever own . i cant wait to show it off to friends and family . it is better in person than it is in the picture . i would recommend this ring to anyone !!!!
 I bought this for my BF of nearly 2 years for valentines day . He was so surprised and thought I had spent a lot more than I did . he wears it often and despite a crack about it looking like a mens engagement ring , he loves it . very special , and yes it sparkles like that .
 I was very impressed with the product -LRB- ring -RRB- . It was exactly as described in your ad . I showed it to some friends who were also impressed . The ring exceeded my expectations and I was very happy with the price . Thank You
 I bought this ring past four month , People thought I 'm really married or engaged because the ring I wear it looks very expensive and people could n't tell where did you bought from . I love this ring so much . May be when my girlfriend 's birthday present I will buy a ring like this , but I wo n't tell her how much it is cost , it is cheap and looks very expensive such as you bought a ring at the mall .
 very nice i will use it as a back up to my wedding ring thank you very very very much
 This ring exceeded all expectations for quality and looks . I have had so many complements on its style and beauty .
 This ring sparkles everywhere - not just under the right lights . Looks like a very expensive ring . Way to go whoever decided to sell these ones .
 I was looking at several differnt rings , almost made up my mind until something told me to view the next page . . SO GLAD I did ! When I seen this ring , it took my breath away ! Literally ... I knew it was the ONE . Could n't wait to get it , and it seemed overnight there it was in my mail box ... I practially RAN back inside to get it open . ALL SMILES ... and I have to also add , What a SMILE it put on his face :o-RRB- Now I 'm searching GEM AVENUE for one to match for myself :o-RRB- Besides it taking my breath away , what a GREAT DEAL for such a nice looking ring !
 This is a beautiful ring . I purchased it for my husband and was ecstatic about the quality and beauty of the ring . My husband loved it as well . The price was phenomenal .
 This ring is a great find . I 've gotten a lot of compliments on the ring . It 's great for those that like the look of silver or white gold . It 's a ring for everyday wear .
 Very good deal , nice ring , even it is my ring but my wife loved it .
 Absoutely beautiful ... I have n't had it long enough for it to get solied , but I will use a good silver polish to clean it , and I am sure it will polish like new again ... It has the looks of very expensive and quality jewelry ...
 I bought this ring for my fiancee and he absolutely loves it ! It 's just a nice as the picture leads one to believe . Thank you Gem Avenue for supplying me with a perfect gift at a reasonable price . = -RSB-
 Really awesome ring to give a gift . Shines brighly and the price is just awesome !
 Much nicer than I was expecting for the price . This is a modest looking ring , not gaudy or the `` look at me '' some rings made with CZ 's portray . I think , sometimes , because Zirconia is so inexpensive that it would be easy to get a stone too big and would just look phony . This has a nice look , it is a simple design , stones are set down in the band , protecting them from snagging . So much for my ranting about overdoing it with CZ 's ! Have fun !
 Por lo general no soy muy dado al uso de este tipo de prendas . Hace 10 a & ntilde ; os que no tenia uno . En los &uacute;ltimos meses me he interesado en el tema y luego de una extensa b&uacute;squeda , he decidido adquirir este en particular . Una vez lo tienes puesto en la mano , te hace lucir que tienes una joya de alta calidad . Lo he comparado con otro anillo que mi esposa tiene en oro blanco y no existe diferencia apreciable . Una muy buena compra .
 the service from gem avenue was first class and on time . the ring i bought was better than i thought and looked as if it was white gold i will be buying from them again has i have already from amazson . thanks
 I was very impressed with the ring i bought it is beautifully made and it looks alot more expensive than it is . There is a real quality to it .
 I gave this to my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES it . He generally does n't like men 's rings because they 're too large and clunky , but this one is just perfect . It 's true to size and it 's sparkly without being overdone - it 's something he can wear every day - he fixes electronics and it does n't interfere with his work . Would highly recommend to men who like smaller , less massive rings or who like a little sparkle ! : -RRB-
 I bought this ring as an engagement ring for my then-fiance/now-husband , way back in April . I have purposely waited to write a review , because I wanted to wait and see if it was really as fragile as I feared . I 'm happy to say that the ring has held up VERY WELL . It looks just about as good as it did when he first put it on ! There are a few minor scratches , but nothing noticeable - most of them are on the back side of the band . I will note that my husband does take the ring off to shower , wash dishes , work on mechanical stuff , etc. . I will also add that this is a relatively thin and understated men 's ring , and looks best on a guy with nice hands and fingers . It is extremely elegant and lacks the gaudy chunky look that some men 's jewelry has.Anyway , I have to say that it 's an absolutely gorgeous ring and looks quite expensive in real life . It really sparkles ! My guy loves it . This ring has proven to be both attractive and sturdy ... I recommend it !
 This was going to be my husbands Temp wedding band . We can not afford the one that we would like to purchase , but after receiving this one , he really really really loves it and does n't want to purchase a different one !!! How awesome is that !
 I wrote a review before and for some reason , I 'm being asked to write another one . I really like the rings , both the men 's and the women 's !!!
 It looks like it costs much more . Very nicely done , and not too big a statement -LRB- that giant photo may mislead you -RRB- .
 As soon as I saw this ring I ordered it without hesitation , it was shipped promptly and professionally , I will recommend it to anyone on a tight budget and want to look fabolous .
 I loved the ring I bought for my fiance . I recieved the ring in less than a week after purchasing , and it came in the cutest little box with a bow on top ! The ring is a little smaller than i had first imagined it to be -LRB- not finger size wise , but in accordance to actual width -RRB- but i was very pleased not only with the quality of the product , but int he delivery and packaging as well .
 This is a great ring for the money it fits and fast shipping . NO problems
 Hey guys , Just wanted to stop by and let you know the rings are beyond great , I was very surprised with the quality or the ring !!! Interesting enough my B/F LOVED it and he is SUPER picky !!! Let me tell you my friends still think its a gold ring since the quality of silver used to make it its great and can full anyone to think its white gold ... For ANYONE reading this review dont think about it twice , its a GREAT buy and for me to take the time to go online and white this it takes A LOT hehehe ... < < < < And FYI , the pic in the website does not look as good as the real thing >> >> Once you get the ring you will see what I am talking about ...
 Wow is an understatement for this ring . My husband put it on and I was in awww . It has the most amazing shine and glisten to it . Not too flashy but says a lot when you see it . Stunning .
 The shiping from Gem Avenue is very fast . The ring is well polishing as well as the cz stones are sparkle and always shiny in the light ! If you look for the nice ring with the reasonable price , go for this ring and you will love it !
 This is a great ring . It is very shiny , and looks real . I get compliments on it all the time , and it will definitely do the job until we can pay off all wedding bills and purchase a real one . I am sure that I will buy one that looks very similar to this one .
 My fiance ' loved the ring !! Brought tears to his eyes . The ring is so amazing , highly recommend !!! Best of Luck !
 This is simply a very beauty ring . It does n't feel like you are being flashy or trying hard to make a statement . If I just step back and just imagine myself wearing , I would think that the person has good taste and style instead . I have only been wearing it for one day , but it look very shinny especially in natural light . It look very expensive and feel like the really thing . The width is just right I believe . Someone mentioned that it 's too narrow . I have small finger , so it 's slightly bigger on mine , so I guess you ca n't please everyone . Also , this is a very versatile ring . You can wear it with a t-shirt , and it 's still appropriate and beautiful .
 This ring is absolutely beautiful . My husband thought it was real and you can not tell the difference . Only thing is that it runs big in size .
 Mens .925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia RingWith a little care this ring will remain as handsome as the day you took it from its box . I frequently recieve compliments on mine .
 On a tight budget . This is the perfect wedding band for guys who are looking to save extra cash to purchase other things for the wedding .
 Like the other reviews , i agree the material is soft , but it is a nice looking ring . I am very pleased with the order , but i wish the band width was the same all the way around the ring . It is about half the size in the back . I guess some people might really like this feature , but for me ... not so much . You still ca n't go wrong on the price !!
 really nice product - just as described . Good quality and arrived faster than expected . Really good value - have used this site for many presents .
 Fantastic again!Wonderful Christmas present and it looks much more expensive than it costs - amazing value for such a nice piece .
 I ordered these earrings , got them in excellent condition and were exactly what I wanted . I will definitely be considering ordering again . I was impressed with the prices as well .
 These earrings were exactly what I wanted - very nice looking and well made . They were a gift and the person receiving them was very pleased .
 I purchased these for my uncle who is a very large man , with large earlobes . He wanted a gold hoop that was strong enough to be left in and slept in , noticable without being flashy and would fit his earlobe ! I was hesitant to order them , fearing they wouldnt work , I contacted the seller and they responded very quickly to my questions and were very helpful . Needless to say , my uncle loves them and they have held up great !!
 I just adore these little hoops . They are EXACTLY what I was looking for . They are hard to get in -LRB- but I knew they would be , these types of hoops are the most difficult to get in -RRB- I have 5 holes in each ear and I bought these for my new 5th hole . They are newly pierced so this is why I had difficulty . They are just perfect . I will be back to buy another pair . Simple , elegant . A + + + +
 This style of navel ring works well for crooked piercings -LRB- where a barbell style does n't lay straight -RRB- . And it 's cute , cute , cute . I love pink and know other colors are available from their website , except red , which I 'd especially like to see available . The crystal heart is very sparkly and bright . This item is a WIN !
 I love this necklace . It is fun to wear and I receive many compliments on it . Would highlyrecommend this . It appears to be of good quality .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and was a little leary of it being so inexpensive -LRB- $ 15 at the time -RRB- . Wow , totally worth getting . Yes , the chain is a bit &#34; fine &#34; but the weight of the pendant totally makes up for it !! Well made , nice heft and looks gorgeous on !!
 Love Love Love this wishbone pendant . Great quality . Dainty and stylish . Great packaging -- a nice blue velvet pouch and blue box . Bought it as a gift but really wanted to keep it for myself . Super happy with the purchase .
 The necklace is pretty . The wishbone charm is not too big . and it looks very dainty . But the chain is n't ral strong .
 My daughter loved this necklace . I thought that the 18 &#34; chain would be to long but it was the perfect length .
 * UPDATED REVIEW * When I initially reviewed this necklace , I was misunderstanding things a bit . The packaging of this necklace said the product was rhodium plated and I assumed I was paying for a piece of jewelry that potentially was n't sterling silver . What I did n't know was that rhodium-plating is actually used on stuff like sterling silver , white gold and platinum because it adds brightness , shine and resistance to tarnish ! Which is an added bonus , but it might be something to consider adding to the product description as a potential selling point so people who do n't do their research do n't make fools of themselves . : -RRB- This necklace is very beautiful and the person I got it for loved it !
 This is a very well made product for the price . It 's quite attractive . I purchased as a gift and was very pleased . Awesome price , I will be returning to purchase more as gifts .
 great for the preteen or teenager in your family ... found the item just a bit small though ... would liked 25 % larger
 I bought this for me - something I do not usually do , but the price was right and I liked the video review.Shipping - Packing ; Mine did not come in a great big shipping box as the video review . The chain WAS tangled , it was not secured in its bag or the product box in any way . I did have to untangle it . I would give packing - 1 star : -LRB- Shipment ; Shipment was fast . I was notified via email and text . Came before estimated time.The Necklace/Pendant itself ; I actually thought the Wishbone would be a little bigger in size . To me , It seems kinda tiny . I should have looked -LRB- better -RRB- at the picture a fellow reviewer posted of the wishbone next to the quarter . I still would have bought it but wouldnt have been surprised at size . The pendant is pretty overall.The necklace is not the best . It is delicate , its cheap , but hey , this set up only cost 14.00 so Im not complaining.I am going to buy a different chain so I wont loose the Wishbone.I do like it though . I expected less for 14.00 so I am happy . It is pretty.I recommend it .
 I bought it for my daughter , she loved it ! So much so that she had previously purchased one for herself . Now she has two , she declined to exchange it for anything else .
 Simple , nice sized , looks the same on both front and back and lays well . I understand it is sold out , when/if it comes back , grab it !
 This was a gift and they loved it ! Great gift idea , and the chain is the right size for the pendant .
 It was on my daughter 's Christmas list , and out of a ton of choice , I picked this one . She 's thrilled with it & I like the way it looks , too .
 Item was bought as a gift , a little on the small size but very nice , I would recommend this item
 I love this necklace . The pendant is the perfect size , not too big and not too little . I wear it all the time and have gotten numerous compliments .
 I love how simple and yet how pretty this pendant is . I 've received a lot of compliments on it . : - -RRB-
 I love this necklace , it is really beautiful and worth the low price.My only negative to report is that the chain is very prone to tangle , especially if you sleep with the necklace on :-RRB- Also , those pashmina scarves that are all the rage should not be worn with this chain-for some reason it ALWAYS nicks my scarf and puts a small `` run '' in the scarf.Finally , the wishbone is just a little bigger than I expected , but looks good anyway ! : -RRB-
 Bought this for my wife for Xmas . She really liked it . It is good quality .
 I was n't expecting much for the price , but I was quite suprised . The pendant is the perfect size and very shiny . The chain is extremely delicate looking but actually quite sturdy . I have been wearing the necklace all the time -LRB- to bed , in the shower -RRB- and it is holding up nicely . I have already recieved a ton of compliments on it.The only negative - made in China .
 This necklace is so cute and pretty . I got it for my sister for Christmas , and she loves it . I might buy it for myself .
 Yes , the chain was a little tangled when I got it , but I 've been wearing it for weeks now and have found it to be very durable . The wishbone is very pretty and unique . It is as pretty as it is in the picture , perfectly shaped and shiny . I 'm very pleased with this purchase . It was specially priced as a lightning deal before Christmas . I bought it to give as a gift , and after seeing it , kept it for myself !
 It was even better than I expected . The wishbone looked high quality although the chain was a bit delicate .
 I love this necklace . Plus , I get tons of compliments ! The chain is a little bit flimsy , and does n't travel very well in the pouch , but other than that I love it !
 I bought this for myself as a birthday present a couple months ago and I absolutely love it . It is unique and different but so pretty . I am actually wearing it right now ! I would highly recommend this neckalace ! It is the perfect length as well , it sits right inbetween your neck and your chest not too far down or up !
 I have had this necklace for almost a month now . The charm is very cute and a decent size . I have not had any problems with the chain , and it seems better than many of the other chains I own . I have worn this necklace almost every day since I purchased it , and I have yet to get my hair caught or wrapped around the chain like so many other necklaces . I am very happy with this purchase !
 I love this Wishbone pendant and I decided to get it although I do n't wear a lot of necklaces cause they usually break on me . But I decided to get this because it was inexpensive so if it broke then it would n't be a big deal but this has turned into one of my favorite pieces of jewelry . I get so many compliments on it and although it is not super unique it is not your typical heart , butterfly or cross necklace .
 I bought this necklace after seeing a similar one in a movie . It is really lovely . The necklace and pendant look delicate but are very sturdy . I have owned it for about a year and wear it almost everyday . It is still in perfect condition without any tarnish , and on the original chain . The pendant is about an inch long and a half an inch wide . People frequently compliment me on this simple little necklace . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased this after watching video review which really goes into detail about the necklace -LRB- and I recommend -RRB- . I was concerned about the chain breaking , as some reviews mentioned how delicate it was , but I have had it for over month and worn it almost every day - no problems . I would recommend this necklace to anyone .
 As said by other reviewers , the pendant is very elegant , the length is quite satisfactory too . My wife loves it a lot -- especially after I told her Jennifer Aniston wore one in the show .
 Love this necklace ! It looks beautiful on and is a perfect size -- I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for the perfect everyday necklace .
 Great buy for the price ! The chain is delicate and the wishbone itself is beautiful . Also , the wishbone is stamped `` 925 '' -LRB- sterling silver -RRB- .
 My wife got this on valentines day and loves it , She wears it quite often and says she gets many compliments on it .
 This was better than expected ! Both the chain and the pendant were beautiful and perfect in size ! Just amazing and the length of the chain was perfect too .
 I love this necklace ! it arrived a few days ago and I could n't wait to open it . I did n't think it would looked nice when I purchased it . When I opened it I was blown away the picture does n't explain how beautiful this necklace looks . Its Unique and not original and that is the reason why I bought it because I did n't want a necklace that has a heart or anything original . I do n't regret getting this and I recommend it to anyone that wants a necklace that is unique and classic .
 This pendant is very shiny , dainty , and looks much more expensive than it really was . The inside of the wishbone is stamped with `` S 925 CHINA '' and the chain clasp is stamped `` 925 ITALY . '' I question if this is plated because on the plastic bag , the description about the bar code says `` PLTD '' ... which of course stands for plated . I 'm not quite sure which part of this it could refer to . At any rate , it 's very nice charm and chain , and looks great !
 excellent small pendant . I got this for a gift and should have bought more because they are so useful in that sense . A smart buy .
 First time ordering any jewelry item from Amazon . I was pleasantly surprised . The wishbone is approx . 1 '' in length . The charm is stamped with '' .925 China . '' The charm itself is a quality weight and not likely to break . The 18 '' chain was pretty flimsy though -LRB- I did n't want 18 '' anyways , thus changed out the chain . -RRB-
 I got this for my little sister as a side-gift for her birthday ! She loved it and I loved it so much I went back and got one myself . It 's delicate but substantial and very pretty . I ca n't wait to wear mine : -RRB-
 This necklace was a Christmas present to myself . The pendant is substantial in size , although I wish it was a bit smaller . The chain is nice and the perfect length . All in all I 've been very happy but as stated was hoping the charm was a bit smaller , more delicate .
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter for Christmas and she was very happy . It is a very pretty piece of silver jewelry , however the chain is very dainty and delicate and knots too easily . I replaced the chain withROLO1MM-16 Nickel Free Italian Silver 1.5 mm Rolo Sturdy Chain Necklace 16 '' . All in all I am pleased with this purchase .
 I bought 3 ... one for my mom , sister and myself . We love them ! Simple , different and beautiful ! Arrived in perfect condition and very fast as usual !
 I 'm very pleased with this product . I 've seen it advertised elsewhere for alot more money , so when I received it today I was anxious to see what it would look like . I must admit it is fantastic , the length of the chain is just right and the wishbone itself has a very high polish . I put it on right away . If anyone out there is on the fence do n't wait . It 's worth every penny .
 Very cute necklace - I got one for each of my daughters for special events that they were participating in and they both loved them .
 I love this Wishbone necklace . I saw one day while scrolling through looking for vacation jewelry , but it has become a member of my frequent rotation . I get so many compliments on it , and everyone is amazed it was only $ 13 . The chain is dainty , but I think it allows the pendant to be the feature .
 I 've worn it in the pool , in the lake , in the shower - this necklace stays shinny and like new . i really like it . And I 've gotten lots of comments on it since it 's unusual . Not like a heart or a star . It stands out .
 The silver charm is really sturdy , but the chain is a tad weak . And I bought this for my best friend shes kinda petite , so the chain did hang a little too low for our tastes , but just read the measurements on it to make sure youre happy with it .
 good quality , looks great ! i was really happy to find that the necklace was as described ! very pleased and would recmd !!
 I got this for a friend , and I 'm sure she 'll love it . Although the chain is very , very dainty - The pendant hole is large enough where she could opt for a larger necklace if she chooses . So that 's nice.It 's very pretty necklace . Well worth the money !
 Beautiful Quality , I understand this is not Platinum or anything super expensive ... But it really looks like a real one ... . I am in love with this ... . no doubt ... The length of the chain is perfect the finish of the pendant is delightful ... Glad i made this purchase . . !
 I wear this pendant most of the time and I always get compliments on it ! I had to get a different chain for it because the one it came with was no good . I wear it in the shower and have no issues with it getting dull , it is a shiny and pretty as the day I got it!If you are on the fence about this , its time to jump to the &#34; buy &#34; side because it really is adorable !
 My wife lost her old wishbone pendant necklace so I got her this one as a surprise gift . It 's definitely more solid/bigger than her last one which was very small and thin . But , she really does like it so I 'm happy .
 love this necklace it is exactly what i was hoping for . it is very sturdy i wear it all the time !! have n't had any problems .
 I love this necklace . Very cute and simple . I highly reccommend if you are looking for something small and cute .
 Was in great condition , It came in jewlery box and was in perfect condition . Gave to my sister and she loved it .
 The wishbone charm itself is very nice and looks great on a different necklace . The necklace that came with the wishbone seems flimsy and not very attractive . Once the wishbone was put on a more substantial chain , I was very happy with the purchase .
 Beautiful packaging . The chain looks delicate but has been very sturdy . Have accidentally worn sleeping and in shower , and has survived . Wear this almost daily since purchase in November . The wishbone is a good size and very shiny . I purchased a few for as gifts also and they were well received .
 The pendant was perfect . She loved it . It is exactly what she wanted . I do n't like being required to write these with a certain amount of words . That is what makes me not even give a review .
 My granddaughter like it . She wore it to school and everyone thought it was really pretty and nice to get jewerly
 I wish the chain is longer and better quality . However it is good for the money we paid . Thank you so much
 This is the wishbone necklace I 've been looking for . It 's not too big or too small , just the right size . And the necklace is the right length for me at 18 inches . This necklace goes with all my casual wear .
 This necklace came in a week , and the necklace part was n't twisted or knotted like i expected from the other reviews . The first day I wore it , people commented on how cute it was . I would definitely recommend the wishbone necklace !
 This is a really nice necklace , especially for the price . Think it 's one of the best buys I ' v made in a while
 My bff and I turned 30 this year and I gifted this for she and I. Hers coupled with a matchbox musicbox that played happy birthday . She loved them both to say the least ! It is a very simple chain , quite thin but I like that it 's very feminine , not to mention affordable as well ! The wishbone is exactly as pictured , simple but can also be elegant . We are pleased with this product .
 This is a really nice little silver necklace . It is so cute ! I 've been wearing it non-stop since I received it . It has n't tarnished at all , is comfortable , and my infant son loves to grab it !
 Love the wishbone , thankfully I wanted to put it on a chain I already owned because it arrived with a broken chain !! Its larger than I had thought but still very nice .
 I got this as a gift and i love it ! Chain and wishbone are just the right size , and of good quality . Def a good buy . = -RRB-
 Got this as a birthday gift for a friend . The quality is very good and doesnt feel cheap , the wishbone has a nice feel . Would highly recommend this to anyone !
 I ordered this necklace with a few other bridesmaids as a surprise to our bride who wants a wishbone theme ! It 's beautiful , well crafted , and perfect for what we wanted . Very happy with this order and she 's going to be surprised ! : -RRB-
 It looks exactly like the picture . You get what you see and at a great price . My baby pulls on the chain all the time and it still has n't broke . Great Item !
 Perfect as described and wrapped nicely . I thought it would be smaller or at least with more shape . It looks like I 'm wearing a large upside down v. : /
 Recieved sooner than expected . Packed securely , and presented in a box . The necklace is sturdy . I find myself wearing it daily .
 bought it for my best friend 's b ` day ... i hope she at least like it . . cause i absolutely love it . . ! and i thank amazon for such a great service . . A recommended buy . . ! great value for price . .
 This is the perfect accesory for the thanksgiving season ! It 's so festive . And the quality is great . I thought the chain was fine even though other reviews said it was too think . Great necklace and great price .
 great item . Exactly what I wanted , and it sits on my neck perfectly . I 've already gotten compliments on it =-RRB- Very happy ! Thanks !
 For the low price , I was n't expecting much from this necklace with wishbone pendant , but I was wrong . It 's beautiful !! The necklace itself is dainty and lovely . The wishbone pendant is well constructed and the perfect size , not to big and gaudy ! I also love the price of this item . I plan to buy a couple more to give as holiday gifts .
 Love the wishbone pendant ! It is huge . It was much bigger than I anticipated . It was a great buy . I 'm enjoying it and have had many compliments on it .
 Ordered this pendant as I had one when younger and lost it . Quality is very good and at a good price .
 My wife has sensitive skin , so jewelry metals other than sterling silver and gold cause her to break out in a rash . This pendant necklace is sterling silver so she had no problems . She loves it and has been wearing it for days !
 The wishbone is pretty big , so pay attention to the size , but other than that it is very nice . The chain is very thin and tangles easily . I would recommend a colored cord instead of the chain for both practical and aesthetic reasons .
 I got this necklace for a friend and was very happy with it . The pendant is a good size -LRB- not too big and not too small -RRB- and the chain seems strong to last . I liked it so much I got one for myself . It goes with pretty much anything .
 I saw something similar in a magazine . This is nice and delicate . It was also a great price . Perfect to wear with anything .
 I got this as a 30th birthday gift for my best friend since she was feeling down about turnign 30 . I told her it was so she can make a wish every day she wears it and that the next 30 years are going to be when all her wishes come true . She loves the necklace and says that she has received numerous compliments on it in teh last couple of days .
 Omg I love this so much way better in person.The packaging is top notch and comes with a really nice box and a pouch.I havent had any problems with this at all like some of the other comments.The chain is nice.I used to be an E -- Y Shopperbut amazon has won me over they are so great they have every thing.Shipping is fast I seem to always get my Items before they say I will thats a plus.Thanks amazon.You keep up the good work and Ill keep buying .
 Bought two of these for my 30 something nieces . They came right out of the bag/box and onto their necks on Christmas day . I have read reviews about the chain tangling and although it is a delicate chain , I think that is mostly going to be about how to store it . It is a lovely little necklace .
 I bought this as a gift for my niece and like it so much , I 'm ordering one for myself ... . Fun to wear and you ca n't beat the price - well made - makes a great gift for a teen girl or the young at heart !
 I loved it . I had been eyeing it for about a year . I bought it for myself when the price dropped from the original $ 25 to about $ 15 . I just could n't resist . I have not stopped wearing this necklace for the past two weeks .
 This looks exactly as pictured . . the 18 &#34; chain that comes with it is a bit short for my taste , so I bought the Leather Cord Chain Sterling Silver Necklace 20 &#34; Long and it will look great with it .
 I find this necklace to be simply elegant and it gives my neckline that little oomph . I wear it with open-necked , button-down shirts and find the length to be perfect for such . A great buy for $ 17.77 and , even better , it has n't turned my skin green . Perfect to wear at Thanksgiving .
 ordered this as a gift but had it sent to myself so i could check it out first adn it is beautiful . the wishbone is heavy and substanstial for a pendant , the chain leaves something to be desired-its thin and doesnt match the weight of the pendant . But i am very pleased with it and recommend it to anyone who is thinking about ordering it .
 I love the necklace . But if you are giving it as a gift , beware of the MADE IN CHINA inscribed on the inner side of it . I realize most people wo n't notice it while you are wearing it , but it is pretty large and noticeable . Otherwise the necklace is cute .
 This is a cute necklace but the wishbone is extremly lightweight . I thought it would be a little heavier than it is . I would like it so much more if it was a little heavier . It feels more like a little girl 's necklace rather than an adults .
 For $ 15 , it is a great deal . The pendant is shiny , but not fake looking . The chain is light and very feminine . The wishbone itself though , is pretty big and thick . I would not recommend this for a petite girl as the pendant might be a bit overwhelming . It does , however , make a hollow sound , and since it 's pretty light , I assume it is hollow . Overall it 's definitely a great everyday accessory , and at $ 15 , definitely worth it !
 I liked this item online and gifted it to my wife . She really liked it and I was also quite pleased seeing it on her neck . The wishbone is little larger than a dime and very shinny . Its just the right size on neck .
 The quality of the pendent is much much better than what the price might suggest . My friend and I both got one and agree that it can easily pass for Tiffany quality . The necklace comes in a soft navy blue pouch inside a navy blue box . There was some tangling of the chain but easily untangled . The wishbone itself is about 1/3cm thick so it does n't look like a cheap flimsy thing , although it was a little odd that the chain was made in Italy and the pendant was made in China but that really did n't affect how great it looks .
 Length :
 I gave this to my fiance for an Easter basket gift this year . I remembered her telling me that she loved Jennifer Aniston 's necklace -LRB- which is a wishbone one , but about $ 6,000 more expensive than this -RRB- . So I got her this one.It 's very pretty , and she 's gotten non-stop compliments on it . And she looks beautiful in it !
 this pendant is great ! very cute , it was just as described and the price was completely reasonable .
 This is a really pretty necklace , and is seriously trendy ! I am pretty hard on my jewelry - I often sleep in my pendants accidentally and have broken more than one . This pendant takes a beating , but the chain is still delicate and pretty.This is definitely a necklace that will get you noticed !
 This wishbone necklace is even more beautiful than the picture.My friend recently bought one in New York and I 've wanted one since I saw it . Originally , I was a little concerned about the quality of the product since the price was so low , but when I received it , I was thrilled . It 's better looking than the one from New York ... and for way less money !
 I 've always loved the Dogeared wishbone necklace , and have wanted to own it pretty much since I first saw it . I saw it again in He 's Just Not that Into You . However , this necklace cost about 5 times less than the Dogeared one , and about 300 times less than Jennifer Aniston 's . My order arrived on time , and it looks exactly like the image . Its a beautiful little necklace . Just note that if you 're looking for a Dogeared replica , this is n't it - this wishbone is slightly thicker . Like a few said before me , it arrived with the necklace entangled , but took less than 2 minutes to straighten out . All in all , its a really gorgeous piece , and definitely worth the price .
 The chain is a little flimsy , but all in all , a very nice necklace . I have had no problems so far and thought the price was a great deal for this sterling silver piece . I was very satisfied .
 My daughters and I have begun the `` Wishbone Sisterhood '' within our circle of friends and family ... this has become a very special symbol for all of us . I ordered five previously and am now ordering more . Compliments abound all the time about this ... everyone loves it and wants to know where they can get one.Start your own sisterhood -- because dreams DO come true !
 This necklace is better than described . It has a beautiful patina , smooth , rich , shiny finish , and a very pretty delicate chain . It looks like a necklace from an expensive jewelry store , yet is very affordable . Very pleased !
 Cute pendant . Chain is a little thin , but overall for 20 bucks , it will make my grandma very happy .
 I finally ordered this pendant after keeping it bookmarked for months . I am very satisfied with it . I receive lots of compliments on it , it is simple yet elegant and very noticeable . It has a lovely size , proportional without being gaudy . The chain is thin , of course , but accents the pendant nicely . Overall , a perfect look for a young woman .
 This necklace arrived quickly and just how it appears online . It has a clean and simple design but definitely stands out - I 've gotten many compliments on it !
 I was happy to receive this item and had been looking for a solid , sterling silver wishbone pendant for some time ! It came in a small pouch and secure packaging and the necklace chain was in tact . I did not really care for the chain , but that was not the main concern about this necklace . I simply put the nice pendant on a box chain and works good for me !
 This is a great product . Very nice looking for a low price . I love this neckless !
 Pendant is quality and as depicted in photos & description , 18 &#34; chain is not - too frail for use with pendant .
 The necklace looks just like in the picture , I just wish they would packaged it properly -LRB- not in a velvet bag -RRB- that it does n't tangle up like it did . It took me quiet a while to detangle it ... I was so frustrated at one point that I almost sent it back . Because the chain is so delicate it takes a while to detangle .
 WE WERE SKEPTICAL ABOUT THIS BUT TO BE HONEST I AM ABSOLUTELY SATISFIED 100 + + % . BEAUTIFUL QUALITY ITEM FOR EXTRAORDINARILY LOW PRICE . I JUST ORDER TWO MORE .
 The chain was tangled but easy to straighten . Good quality . Looks very nice on and would recommend it to others
 I constantly get complements and questions while wearing this necklace . Loved it so much I bought one for my sister-in-law as a gift !
 I love the idea behind the wishbone and bought two of these for my nieces . They are a little young to handle such a delicate chain but in a couple of years , these will be perfect .
 I wear this necklace pretty much every day . So many people have asked where I 've purchased this , and I 've received many compliments . Chain is a little delicate , but so far it 's held up .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift ; so recipient has n't gotten yet ; but am sure she will love . The chain is thin ; but the pendant looks substantial and the perfect size .
 Cool fish ! Awesome , she loved it ! These are my additional fourteen words.I like the word blurg and food because they are good
 Great size and quality , bought them as gifts and for myself . First spotted on Jennifer Anniston and had to have one .
 This is a very nice pendant . The chain is the perfect length , and I love the size of this charm .
 I was impressed with the quality of this necklace . Love it . Compared to other jewelry at this price this was an excellent deal .
 I 've had this necklace in my wish list for awhile and I was so happy when I received it for Christmas yesterday . It is even better in person . It 's very nice quality , the chain is delicate and lovely and the medium sized wishbone feels solid . I could n't be happier !
 For the price you ca n't beat this necklace . I am used to something a little weightier and only wear sterling which this is supposed to be , but it feels hollow and less substantial than my other sterling necklaces . For the money I am not complaining . It is not as skimpy as the Dogeared version and has more substance than that one but no heft . Feels hollow on the inside and is stamped `` China '' in a discreet place inside one shank of the wishbone . . wished it was Italy or Mexico as the snob in me was n't crazy about that , but it is very lovely and shiny and hangs well on the chain . It was n't tangled at all - in fact I really like the chain and though I usually wear a 16 '' as longer chains tend to look sloppy on me , in this case I think the 18 '' drop shows off the wishbone best and looks so classy on . Also the chain appears to be fairly well made , not as flimsy as I expected in reading the reviews . It is everything I like in a necklace - minimal but eyecatching and classy and certainly looks like it cost more . Good gift for a girl or woman of any age , and I think it would make a lovely bridesmaid or holiday gift ! You can always change out the chain to customize the length , and I will even try to pair it with a skinny leather cord , changing it up a little more . It looks absolutely lovely the way it drapes when worn . Uncommonly good for the price .
 I love this wishbone pendant - just the right size , light but solid . The chain is very thin and is the right length for my decolletage . However , the chain has nickel in it as it causes a rash on my neck if I wear it for too many days in a row . If I did n't have a nickel allergy , I would wear it more often as it is perfect as an every day accessory .
 My first Amazon order and I ordered this necklace from the great reviews . Looked all over for it but decided to go through amazon.It was better than expected . Will use Amazon again .
 well i was looking for a neclace that my young boys would not be able to pull at and break so easy . This neclace has held up and is still shiny and beautiful .
 This necklace is very cute and simple . It 's very shiny and delicately made for its price . The chain is longer and thinner than I had expected , but I have n't gotten an issue with the tangling . The whishbone pendent is a bit bigger than I had expected . Got a compliment from a victoria 's secret saleslady the other day . Comes with a little dark blue velvet pouch and box . Great for gifts .
 This by far one of my favorite pendants to wear and I get soooooooo many compliments on it . I wanted something different than the normal star , heart , or cross and this was it ! The wishbone is the perfect size and weight and I just LOVE wearing it . Ca n't believe I got such a great pendant for such a low price . I would reccomend this product to any woman who wants something a little different from the norm . The chain was too dainty for me , but this is an easy fix if you have a favorite chain of your own or you prefer the look of a small , thin , dainty chain . Again , I just want to say I LOVE this pendant so much ! It deserves 10 stars ! ; -RRB-
 Bought this for my wife a while back . And she absolutely loves it . The finish on the pendant is really good . The chain doesnt seem to match it exactly , but my wife loves fine chains ... so you see ... all subjective.Overall a very good product for the price .
 i love this necklace !! it 's so delicate and crafted so well ... only for 15 bucks ! i also love the fact that i can silver against my brown skin ; normally the chains of sterling silver necklaces are so thick and shiny that it looks really harsh , this is only one of two necklaces in silver -LRB- the other one is a tiffany 's cross necklace -RRB- that i love to wear , its very delicate but fairly sturdy . so timeless and classic too ! and as usual , SUPER fast shipment through my amazon prime -LRB- so worth the annual fee !!! -RRB- .
 I am pleased with this product especially for $ 15 , it was just what I expected i love the wishbone :-RRB- The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the chain seems too thin and fragile but i may get another one for it . I have got compliments on it already so it 's def worth the price : -RRB-
 I do n't want to give it 5 stars yet but I 'm very pleased and happy with my purchase so far . : -RRB-
 Im always afraid to buy jewlery online . You just never know . I was fortunate that when these -LRB- i ordered two -RRB- arrived , they were just as the picture shows . The chains on my necklaces were not knotted , unlike a few other reviewers who had the knotting problem . Hopefully the intended parties for these necklaces love them !
 So pretty and so affordable . My chain wasnt tangled but if it was , it wouldnt be a big deal . Well worth the $
 The necklace is very pretty and dainty , but the clasp is so tiny that it requires the skill of a surgeon to put it on . Otherwise , I love the necklace .
 Very nice piece . Will need a new chain but worth the price . Just enough when I do n't want to wear a lot of necklace
 As described a small delicate chain and sterling wishbone . It came in a black pouch in a small box . nice . .
 Very good quality sterling silver , not flimsy or light weight . Put it on and received two compliments in one day !
 I love it . I wore it Thanksgiving and it is perfect . I also happened to have a set of wishbone earrings so this is great
 I get compliments on this all the time . I have it for about 6 months and have had no problems .
 Medium sized , what I was looking for in a necklace . Durable , nice material . Chain was nice quality as wellGreat
 I bought this necklace for my wedding and was not disappointed . The gems are a rich purple and the weight of the chain is substantial without being too heavy . Very nice necklace .
 I 've never seen any cross design as elegant and unique as this . It 's perfectly sized and looks a lot more expensive than its price.It arrived in a nice box a lot earlier than expected.I bought one and was very pleased with it . Buying some more as gifts .
 This is a great product , much more glamorous than that seen on the photo . Would recommend anyone who is interested to buy one . I am totally satisfied with the necklace
 I purchased this pendant for the tweenaged daughter of friends , and it looked perfect on the web page . Very delicate and feminine . When it arrived -LRB- very quickly , I might add -RRB- I was pleased that it was as beautiful as it had looked on the computer . Our friends ' daughter was very happy with it and put it on right away . It looked quite lovely on her .
 Very dainty chain and heart about the size of a nickel.Appropriate for young girls as well as adults .
 Although this is technically a Christmas tree , both my daughter and I felt we needed an evergreen on her Twilight bracelet to represent the Pacific Northwest forest , and this really fits the bill . Rembrandt charms produces lovely charms , and Precious Accents was a pleasure to deal with .
 This is such a pretty ring -- small and dainty , timeless and comfortable . I love wearing it but it would also be perfect for a very young girl .
 The ring is wonderful ! I did n't know if it would match up with the image on the webpage , but it is much more beautiful than the image depicts -- and very masculine . I love it !
 I was looking for rings that would come at a cheap price . In the beginning I was skeptical about buying something so cheap . But , these are beautiful !! I love them . It 's so much more prettier than the picture . It also comes in four different little gift boxes . Girls , these are worth your money ! 1
 I was a little unsure that these would be quality looking for the price but they really are nice and they really could pass for the real thing so I just might keep one on hand when I go somewhere and dont want to be hit on . They come in very cute little gift boxes with bows and really are a good product - they dont look cheap or feel it . Recommend to anyone who likes sparkle or just wants to have a handy man zapper .
 I bought four of these necklaces as gifts for my bridesmaids . The necklace quality was uniform for all four -LRB- there were slight differences between the stones , but as they are natural and not synthetic that is to be expected -RRB- . The quality of all 4 necklaces was good , very pretty stones and settings and I really liked the box chain . The color is slightly more a green-blue than the royal blue in the picture , but still very pretty . Overall , great value for the price .
 This armoire @ $ 300 is priced like smaller/lesser quality/less attractive items at places like Bombay Company here in FL & other sellers online . It arrives very well packed via Fedex -LRB- Amazon emails a tracking # -RRB- & the only assembly is attaching the lid with the included screws . It is very sturdy & has LOTS of space . And of course it 's beautiful . The photos -LRB- which are great -RRB- do n't do it justice . This is a bargain for the price . No regrets . Will deal with Everything Furniture again if the opportunity presents itself .
 I picked these out because of the medium price , great reviews , and simple yet attractive appeal of these earrings . My mom really liked them as her birthday gift , and I 'm sure your mom/significant other/daughter/other female gift-recipient will like them too .
 Gave it to my mom for a bday present . She loved them . Nice size . Looks really nice .
 These are really cute earrings , just the right size . They move very nicely on the ear and are n't prone to getting caught in your hair . They come in silver only also , but I prefer the gold .
 Superb gift for a young girl on her birthday ... multi colored stones will fit any outfit and she really liked them .
 Super Super Super that all I can say . I have bought many earrings for my wifes Christmas presents . These I have never seen before because of the unusual dangle seperation in the middle of the earring . Thanks for a great present .
 The earrings are beautiful . I thought they would be light but they are a little bit heavier than I expected . Still , they look exactly like the picture and were worth the money .
 This is a nice sized pendant . Uniquely designed , yet still classic ... very updated . The stone is a beautiful , rich , radiant , swiss blue color . It 's set in white gold finished silver . The photo is a good representation , but the pendant is prettier in hand . I see , it 's currently sold out . I 'm not , in the least , surprised . If it becomes available again , snap it up . You will be pleased . One thing though , this style comes in an amethyst stone . I believe it also comes in garnet and peridot . This seller has excellent quality jewelry and excellent customer service .
 My wife is a hair stylist and she was absolutely thrilled with this charm . It is a great looking piece that actually opens and closes like real scissors ! It was a big hit with her as I am sure it would be for anyone . I would highly recommend this charm !
 My friend loved her charm . She saw a member of a rock band wearing it when she went to a concert and just had to have it . I got it for her for Xmas and she wears it every day .
 This necklace is not very expensive looking , but it is n't terribly expensive to begin with . The description is right on target , and the picture is very accurate . Bought for my aunt , who loved it .
 I was very happy with the quality of this necklace . Everything I have purchased from Peora has been of a high quality for the price .
 The necklace was given as a wedding gift to the bride 's mother . The necklace was the best quality with the best price . It is highly recommended for quality and elegance .
 I love the color of the stone and how it hangs on my neck . It 's a great necklace for the price .
 I bought this for my mother , she liked them so much I bought the emerald and sapphire ones for her as well ! She really loves them . The stones are very nice !
 I have been eyeing the Sevillana ring for a few months ago , but I was scared to pull the trigger because of its very unique and bold design . When I saw this replica for sale for a fraction of the price , I thought it would be a good way to ` test drive ' the jewelry before buying the real deal.I received the ring today , and I was impressed by the weight and look of the ring . You can barely tell it 's a replica when its on my finger . However , there are 3 small differences that the buyer should be aware of :1 . The inward facing parts of both the O and the band are hollow , unlike the real one which is a solid peice of silver . Of course , this is only noticable when the ring is off .2 . There is no Tiffany stamp , but something illegible is stamped instead . It was probably supposed to be .925 but the numbers are all smeared together . I 'm pretty confident it is real silver though only time will tell .2 . The part where the band connects to the O is incorrect on both sides : - On the real thing , one side of the ring 's band turns into a swirl that never conncets to the O -LRB- there is a gap between the two -RRB- . On the replica , the swirly and the O are connected . - On the other side of the real ring , the ring 's band is `` straight '' -LRB- no swirly -RRB- and fully connects to the O. On the replica , there is a swirly that is connected to the O just like it is on the other side.These differences are minor and barely noticable once the ring is on . However , the ring is lacking the detail that the original one has , which is shown by the shortcuts taken to manufacture this peice . Overall , the quality is great for the price and I would recommend this to anyone that does n't want to shell out the full amount for the real thing.However , I was quite disappointed when I received it because its not the ring I actually wanted . The Tiffany Sevillana comes in two sizes
 One of my co-workers has this ring from Tiffany 's . I loved it so much , but was n't ready to spend $ 250 on it . Instead , I found this ring from Eve 's Addication . The ring size guide makes it easy to determine , which size to select . The ring came in a small blue velvet bag and matching box . It is .925 sterling silver , which is the same quality of Tiffany jewelry . The back is hollow so it is not solid , which does not bother me because no one ever sees it . I actually compared my ring to my co-worker 's and you could n't tell much difference ! Eves Addiction also included a pair of CZ princess cut earrings since my purchase was more than $ 75 and I received free shipping . This is the best $ 32 I have spent !
 beautiful , a little smaller than it looks , however it is a good quality . It made a great gift for my daughter .
 This gorgeous ring holder sits on my dresser and holds my wedding ring every night . It 's gorgeous and I love it !
 My Mom has been collecting this stuff for more than 30 years . She loved this piece . I wanted to keep it for myself ... it 's very classy .
 I gave this as a gift to a friend that is marrying an Irishman . She loved it . It is very pretty porcelain .
 I got these for valentines day and I was a little disappointed at first when I first opened the box , but after wearing them out I changed my opinion of them . They definitely need some light to show the diamonds sparkle . They are very elegant and the length is perfect . The only down fall I think is the backs do n't really fit the earrings . I had to use backs from a different pair . -LRB- but not a big deal -RRB- .
 The photo is perfect , as these earrings shimmer . The craftsmanship is fabulous . People always want to see them up close . These are beautiful . A unique design and attention getter . A wonderful setting for amber . Another great pair of earrings from Curious Designs .
 This product came in a very prompt manner and was exactly as described . I was hesitant about buying jewelry online but Peora really delivered with this one and my girlfriend loved it .
 My husband bought this for my birthday . It is a lovely item and I like to wear it . Nice quality and lovely color .
 This necklace looks great on my wife . She loves it . It looks great in the ad picture and just as pretty if not more so in real life.I was concerned that the ad pic might make it appear to look better or more brilliant than it actually does . Not so . when I viewed it up close I was completely satisfied with my choice.It rests nicely when worn - does n't fold in on itself - maintains it 's spread apart shape . That is , the way it appears in the photo.The box it comes in is decent as well . Not something you would be ashamed to give as a gift that is . So no need to go pick up a handsome secondary box to place it in.Again , totally happy with my choice here .
 My wife loved this item . It looks just as good as the picture , which I did not expect . The topaz was a nice medium blue color . Seems well made , and she has not had any problems with the clasp . Nicely made .
 The color of the stones is a lot lighter than in the picture . However , it is still a very nice ring , so I am going to keep it anyway . At 40 % off , it was inexpensive enough , and it goes with the equally pale stones in the matching earrings ...
 arrived earlier than stated date , stones a little lighter in color than i like best , but it is a nice addition to my amethyst collection . i will definately purchase from this seller again .
 it is very nice the only problem with it is that the stones hurt my fingers . they are too separated .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's 18th birthday . She loved it.Thank you , I could n't be more pleased .
 this product totally is amazin . i highly recommend this product to all athletes . i would give it a 10 out of 10 . it is totally worth the low price !!!
 A great necklace , but these are overpriced . I wear it all the time & never take it off . Great color choices !
 All the little boys are wearing these and I wanted my grandson to have one . . ordered this at good price and he was pleased with it . . will be ordering him more of different colors !
 Thanks , this product was just what I was looking for . My daughter really liked it
 necklace purchased for a 10 year old . he loves it . and he paid for it , he loved the price .
 I wear the necklace regularly , but mostly for it 's looks . I have not really felt the physical effects that the glossy material claims , however , I did n't really expect anything dramatic , and it was not the reason why I bought it . Overall I am pleased , and would recommend it to anyone that is n't looking for it to relieve stress or make their life make more sense !
 Love this ! I just wish I would have measured before I bought because it is a bit big ! Would highly recommend this to anyone who is active and needs some reflief from the day to day aches and pains .
 I 've got to say that I just love my Phiten neckace . I 've suffered from mild scoliosis since I can remember , so sitting for long periods of time always gave me a bit of lower back pain . I have n't had such pain since I started to use this product . I wear it everyday , not only for sports .
 I was skeptical at first but after wearing this since Christmas , I 've noticed my neck and shoulder area is noticeably looser and I 've been getting some colossal cracks in my neck . I work my upper body area in the gym and at home with various chest and shoulder exercises and I 've found this helps take some of the post workout stiffness away . Would recommend to a friend .
 Purchased this for my son . He loves it as it it the fad among his peers . The order arrived quickly from the seller .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son . He had asked for one and after comparing several in the price range I wanted to spend , I decided on this . It looks good and he says it works for him . I would recommend this as a trial piece to decide if it works for you before purchasing one that is more expensive .
 This is another product I bought along with a power balance bracelet in preparation for the honolulu marathon . A coworker of mine swears by this so I decided to try it out for one as soon as you put it on a slight heat surrounds your neck and you can feel something working . In general I feel better when I have it on so if it works for me it might work for you . Good luck
 While watching the baseball playoffs this fall , I could n't help but notice the necklaces the majority of players were wearing . Looked them up and here it is . Although this specific one was n't the one I wanted , it works for now . Not only does it make me more powerful and nearly invincible , it also allows me to be pain free!In all seriousness , these necklaces are kind of cool , save for the original nagging from the girlfriend about it looking dumb . They 're marketed to help reduce pain in the neck and shoulder area , which is fine if you believe in non-traditional medicine . Since I work in the medical field , I do n't buy into this marketing gimmick.Now , if these necklaces combined the amazing therapeutic effects of titanium , copper AND magnets , HOLY CRAP , WATCH OUT.Cool looking necklace , but if you 're buying it for anything other than the look , you 're not too smart .
 My son loves this necklace . He has asked for more Phi-tens for Christmas . Good quality and does n't fade .
 I like this product , wearing it for 5 years and I truly believe it functions well .
 He has n't taken it off since he got it . He is 11 and it is a fad at his school . They have these in one of the sporting goods stores here but they are $ 30 and up - and I could n't see paying that much for a necklace for a kid . So we ordered this one instead . It is durable , the colors are nice and bright , and my son seems very happy with it .
 I ' v had this necklace for over a month now . I have had constant knee pain for 2 years . This product actually works . My knee pain is almost non existent . I also have a bad back . It has lessened that pain some what , but not totally . I would highly recommend this product .
 PHITEN AQUA-TITANIUM NECKLACE bought one on a whim and it really works.no more neck pains in the a.m. and it looks pretty cool.just got ta remember to take it off before the shower it does n't dry too quick !!
 Well ... actually it looks really cool . . so cool that my friends are asking me to buy some more of this product for them.Regarding the effect on me , I could tell that it really works . I 'm a baseball player and I have n't felt any particular pain in my body since I started wearing it !!!
 I but this just for what was said about it , and I have to admit , because a lot of MLB players use it , I figured , if they use it then it has to work , since I bought it and started wearing it I have not taken it off and my head , shoulders and neck feel great .
 This necklace was for my two boys that play baseball . They really like the style and they even said it gave them energy . If it helps them in the mental aspect of their game then it the right product . I like the looks and the feel . It is soft and attractive looking . The boys wear it all the time .
 I ordered an Orange Phiten necklace for my kid . He loves these things , and it arrived right on time . The quality is just what was expected . The kid wears it every day .
 Recieved fast free shipping on Phiten necklace . Excellent price ! This company provided a great product with no issues .
 I do n't know why I did n't get one of these earlier . I was sure if it would really work , but after trying it there is no way I will ever play a sport without wearing this !
 This was a good item for the price ... i cant really say that it is a miracle worker but it does feel pretty solid and good . if you end up not liking the way it works than its still a cool necklace to have for the price .
 I buy them for my parents . They look good , and my parents like them . Hope they will work as they said .
 It was very good quality . The clasp is kind of hard to open . Get the smaller size for kids . Size 22 was way too big . It hangs down more than I wanted .
 Little neice requested this for CHristmas . She loves it . Little pricey but I guess this is the new trend for the young folks .
 I purchased this for my husband . I found one in my town for 10.00 more , exact same product so this one is a steal ! He liked it and has had no complaints , although the 18 '' seems to be a bit smaller than that , maybe due to the thickness of the weave around the titanium wire . Good buy .
 I 've done a little research on this type of product ; the reports show mixed results . The necklace might be a placebo , but it keeps me aware and , therefore , works for me !
 I purchased this necklace in hopes that some of my daily aches and pains would lessen ; I am still a skeptic by heart , and hoping that all my aforementioned A&P ; 's would completely be eradicated by the wearing of this necklace seems , well , silly.It is comfortable to wear -LRB- although I do wish I had chose the next size longer for appearance sake . -RRB- and not at all heavy.All in all , I would recommend buying this piece to anyone who wants to give it a chance . If I am able to do cartwheels in a few months , I 'll report back to let you know .
 I absolutely love the Phiten Star Necklace . It 's comfortable , practical , stylish , and everything listed in the product description . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I love this it works too . I can feel it getting rid of my cramps and during practice I feel I have more energy and I am able to run harder . It really helps the joints too .
 It is comfortable and stylish but that is not why I bought it . I have neck problems and was looking for relief from low grade pain that often shows up . It seems to help although it is hard to tell with these things . Nothing scientific but I truly think it reduces and sometimes eliminates the mild pain I have had intermittently for a long time . There may even be a slight energy boost but that is minimal for me .
 I have had two back surgeries and am usually in constant pain but once I put this on and kept it on for more than a week it really helped out my lower back pain . Do n't get me wrong , this is not a miracle necklace in any way but it did greatly reduce the pain for a while . Once I had to take it off to go back to work -LRB- military -RRB- , I noticed the back pain came back quickly . It made me fill a bit more energetic during the day and is easy to conceal under a t-shirt if you do n't want people to ask a lot of questions -LRB- I would suggest 22 '' or larger -RRB- . Great product ... I plan on buying the wrist bracelet next .
 I do n't know how this thing works or if it 's psychological or just plain coincidence , but my joints feel 100 % better since I started wearing this necklace . I had a sore shoulder and sore knees , and since I started wearing this they feel great . If you have joint pain it 's well worth plunking down $ 20 to try one of these necklaces !
 So , my ankle has suffered for about 10 years or so . I have worn a goofy flat shoe that does n't flex before . I got the necklace and double wrapped around my ankle . It started to feel strange -LRB- kinda warm -RRB- at first . My first thought was `` oh great my brain thinks it is doing something '' . After a while of not thinking or noticing it , i could walk upstairs without my ankle hurting . I am a sceptic , so i took it off for a few days . My ankle hurt again while walking upstairs . This is NOT a cure . When the weather changes like rain/cold , still hurts a bit . I got the cheapest one possible , but i am going to try the better one . While it does help , do NOT expect a miracle . It can help to reduce pain if double wrapped around wrist or ankle , but not a cure by any stretch . I like the product , but will have to get one of the braided ones to see more .
 Was very pleased to find what my daughter wanted on Amazon again ! She got this for a Christmas gift . It was perfect ! Thanks Amazon !
 very happy with this necklace . i bought this for my daughter who wanted one cause they were the latest craze among all her jr high friends . got this one because it was the best price i could find . extremely satisfied .
 Yes this is the latest trend for Baseball Players -LRB- young and old -RRB- ... and my son had to have one ! He wanted the Navy one ... and absolutely loves it ! Great quality ... and after over a month of wearing it every day ... still looks brand new !
 I have had this necklace for over a month now , and I have been using it constantly . I am in chronic pain some of witch is in my face and neck . And I have been using very strong magnets to help . But I find this product to be extremely effective at reducing and many times eliminating the pain . It does better than the magnets ; and it even helps me sleep better than I have in years.I can not say enough about this product , because it really works . I just bought the wristbands to help with the pain in my hands and arms . Also one for my wife she finds it helps with her headaches.I learned about this from watching professional baseball , and seeing that most of the players are using it to help with relaxing and their pain . Now I see why they are all using it .
 If you sit before computer for more than 8 hours a day & you have lack of excercise then this product is for you.This tech is invented in Japan & this product is made in Japan , So you can trust its quality .
 I bought this item , because I always see Boston Red Sox players wear them and thought they looked cool . It is cool , and it does relieve some minor aches and pains that I have/had . I recommend getting one for yourself , if you want to be cool like me .
 I bought this as a gift for a niece . She told me that she liked it a lot and so did her friends .
 Aside from the `` coolness '' factor for my teenage baseball player son , I 'm not sure what else there is to say about the article . He is certainly thrilled with it . His tournament team were all wearing them at Sunday 's tournament and they won the championship !
 Was pleased with the timely receipt of the necklace and it came in excellent shape .
 You probably saw some baseball players wearing this necklace and are curious . Does it work as advertised ? Nah . It looks cool and I enjoy wearing it , but it does nothing for pain or tension or stiffness , etc. . I know it 's very popular in baseball -LRB- I myself work for MLB -RRB- but at the same time , baseball players are very superstitious , and considering these come in various colors and can be braided , it 's not surprising to see them everywhere . I do like mine a lot , though . I 'd recommend tossing it in with your clothes to be washed once in a while , especially if you workout or sweat , or even if you shower with it on -- it really does need to be cleaned thoroughly to remove that built-up sweaty smell . Cheaper here on Amazon than in sporting good stores .
 Great product at an awsome price . Can not buy them local for that . Kids love them .
 this is a GREAT product . i am on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day . im a chef , before i used this my lower and upper back and shoulders killed me . now i dont even feel them . when i take the necklace off when go to bed i dont sleep wiht stuff around my neck . my back starts screaming . i have had one before and gave it to my boss because he had wicked bad back . i also play golf and i dropped 3 shots because i had more flexiblity and my back wasnt hurting at all when i finished all 36 holes .
 I do n't know if it really works or not but recently my husband had to help my neighbor 's moving and he ` felt ' he recovered faster after that and ` feels ' good every morning with it . Feels good = endolphine , right?I should 've gotten one size smaller though . If you are not that huge muscle built around your neck 16 '' for a guy whould 've been just fine .
 I 'm an active 49 year old female who was having chronic hip and knee pain , especially when sleeping . Last month Amazon had great special on the PHITEN stuff so I gave it a try . I 'm a believer . No more hip and knee pain . I wear the necklace 24/7 except in shower and have purchased the titanium discs and stick them on any spots that feel sore after a strenuous day . The products are amazing . What have you got to lose with Amazon 's excellent return policy .
 it has deffenitly worked for me . i have loved it and i would recomend it . altho i bought it a little big it still has worked just fine .
 The product was exactly as we expected and was shipped in a timely manner . No complaints .
 Exactly what i expected and saw online and in the store . No healing abilities but it was no surprise . I like it and i think it is ok for its price .
 I wear it mostly at night , or if I will be very active -LRB- skiing , etc. -RRB- . Seems to work for me !
 I know it 's only a necklace but my husband is so hard to buy gifts for and he 's a major Red Sox fan , so this was a great gift . I guess many baseball players wear these -LRB- the superstitious ones -RRB- to enhance their game . The necklace is suppose to have titanium in it , thus producing `` majical powers '' . What ever the case my husband was surprised I noticed the players wearing them and has worn his every day since recieving it . Now that I think of it , he has improved in certain areas :-RRB- . In summary , this is a great inexpensive gift .
 Purchased this as gift for my daughter . It looks great and she loves it . I ca n't say much more about it .
 I had bought this for my fiance for a gift and he still wears it . He loves it . I would buy him another if he wanted one .
 This was the best buy I could find on a Phiten as Christmas time . I believe I paid around $ 7 plus about $ 5 shipping . Shipping is a bit high for such a lighrweight item but the necklace itself seems durable and my 13 son wears it every day .
 This neckalce came quickly and in it 's original packaging , just as I was looking for . My daughter loves it ! Thanks !
 Nice necklace , looks great and fits very nice ; it has a very good quality.I dont know if this helps at all with pain but it 's still a great product.Very fast delivery.Highly recommended .
 This is what my brother wanted for Christmas . He was very exctied to receive it !
 Ordered this necklace for my son . He loves it ! Got it just a few days after ordering it ! Great experience !
 I bought this because I was very sick with no hope in sight , until someone recommended the Phiten Star Necklace . I put it on and instantly felt better . No more treatments for me ! I threw all my meds out the window and got a ticket for littering but I no longer needed them is what I am trying to say.Not only that I was running faster , jumping higher , and could levitate . I have never had these abilities before but thanks to the Phiten Star Necklace I was like a super-human . Nevermind that this is just another new-age trend with tweens , and these do as much as you holding a marble in the fly of your underwear . These did so much it was amazing , and I promise it is n't just all in my head or your heads collectively . My friend saw what happened with me and wanted to one-up me , like always . So he read these have titanium in them and so he knew his Nike driver was made out of titanium too , so then he took it out of his golf bag and cut it off the shaft and wore it around his neck too . It was too much titanium and they do n't expect him to make it through the end of the year.If you want to feel better and you KNOW it wo n't all be in your head , then you have to get this Phiten Star Necklace , it works -LRB- non -RRB- miracles !
 Just as advertised and still in the original package half the price of the local sport shop ! Shipped quickly ! What a bargain !
 Unless you are a little guy I recommend the 22 '' version of this . It is n't a choker and as far as it working ... I really ca n't say .
 I ordered this over night so it came fast . I love it . It fits perfect , seems to be good quality . I hope it helps with my aches , if not at least it looks good .
 The necklace was received in good condition , and appeared to be new . I gave it to my friend as a gift , and she was terribly excited .
 very happy with product and seller , item arrived when promised and in excellent condition ... been wearing necklace for over a week now and seem to help.all in all , i would recommend this product and seller
 My son gave it as a requested present . It worked out great . We have already gone back and purchased another for my youngest son as well , just a different color .
 I bought this titanium necklace just to try one more alternative treatment for my joint pains and was really pleasantly surprised . It seems to be actually helping . I take tons of supplements and use magnets as well as the Q-ray ring/bracelet but this is the first item that seemed to immediately help decrease the pain in my joints . I 'll have to see how it fairs as time goes by but if constantly wearing a rather ugly necklace is the price to pay , so be it . I ca n't say it 'll help everyone who tries it but it definitely seems to be relieving my joint pains . Yehhhhh ... something that REALLY works !!
 I had back pain for about a year . After seeing these necklaces being worn by a ton of Major League Baseball players I decided to give one of these a try . Next thing I knew , my back pain was gone . Coincidence ? Maybe . But , when I forget to put it back on after a shower I sometimes feel pain again . These are very light weight and comfortable . Highly recommended .
 I am a chronic sufferer of back and neck pain . An accident several years ago left me with a fractured vertebrae and more pain than I know how to deal with . I watch a lot of baseball on TV and saw a lot of players wearing this and decided to give it a try . This product -LRB- along with a weekly workout regimen -RRB- has helped me deal with and exceed my own standards of pain tolerance . I do n't know whether it 's a mind-over-matter type of experience , but at this point , I do n't really care . If you deal with aches and pains similar to these , I would definitely give this a try .
 I 've had gout for over 12 years and I constantly get flare ups on my right ankle . At times when my flare up was not as severe , i often would have minor ankle swells lasting all day . With a number of supplements taken such as black cherry fruit extract pills , glucosamine , NSAID 's , and even acupuncture , i constanly had a slight swollen ankle that bothered me each day , especially in the evenings . Since watching the baseball players use it , I began reviewing the benefits of using this bracelet and heard from the BB players that it was helping them ease pain . I immediately thought of buying one for my dad since he always complained about his neck and how much it bothered him . Mind you that he is a welder who constantly shifts his welding hood downward with the use of his neck . . figured that was the main reason why his neck hurt all the time . I bought this necklace and gave it to him and told him that the bracelet should help reduce is neck pain . Very kindly , my father acknowledged my statement as he placed it on his neck . Surprisingly , my dad called me two days later and said ... `` son , i could n't wait to call you to tell you that the my neck pain is gone !! , and you are right ! this thing helped my neck pain ! '' I was very glad to hear that ... now here is my story . I got in Amazon and purchased one for me with the crazy idea of placing it on my ankle where my swelling occurs . My ankle measured 11 inches in diamater so i purchased the 22 inch phiten black bracelet . The day of arrival I opened the package and tied it on my ankle . . perfect fit once double looped . Folks or readers . . my swelling has gown down and my ankle pain went away !!!! Really ... I ca n't believe that this bracelet served its purpose . Unbelievable ! Now i can get up in the morning and not feel any pain in my foot . My evenings are much better than they every have been . i feel more energized throughout the day and feel great at night.I still take my cherry fruit extract pills , B complex , and Glucosomine supplements to help eliminate my uric acid in my body . i also take a teaspoon of baking soda to help neutralize the acid in the blood -LRB- kidney specialist referral -RRB- . for those of you who have any joint pain , i suggest you try this bracelet and place it on the trouble areas . Of course it 's impossible to find one long enough to fit around your waist , for those who have waist problems , but having one on your ankle , neck , and wrist will certainly help balance those energies overall.this is my story and felt it is worth sharingto those who are thinking whether or not this product works . I would gladly here anyone 's testimonials about this bracelet . It truly works !!!
 We wear these necklaces daily to aid with the wear & tear of daily work -- They help tremendously to ease any soreness and/or pain -- Highly recommend this product !!!
 This Product really works , it helped relieve pain i have had for months and this is the only thing that has kept the pain away . Awesome product , i totally recommend this product to anyone with pain that doesnt go away with meds .
 I 've been wearing it for 3 weeks now . I have sciatic due to a herniated disc . I was hoping this will relieve pain . I guess it 's not that powerful to wear it on the neck to get rid of the pain in my low back . I also got the bracelet which really works for my wrist , elbo and shoulder . Well , it 's probably the combination of the necklace and bracelet that make them feel pretty much pain free . They are painful because I am a Programmer and work on the computer all day.I would say this product works . I may be buying the waist belt that is not sold here .
 Got this for my husband , and he just loves it ! Wears it every day . Helps prevent him from getting his headaches ...
 Both my husband and I use these to relieve our neck & shoulders of the pain from herniated discs . We wear them daily , and they do take the edge off . We have been using them for over two years now .
 I 'm a drummer who does a lot of session work and driving around to gigs who deals with chronic back and neck pain . I 've been through chiro treatment and use all sorts of inversion tables , back rests , and braces to help deal with the pain of muscle stress and tension in my back and neck . Sometimes this pain spreads to my ribs and other areas so my pain simply comes from tense muscles , no disc compressions or anything like that . After buying this at a local sport shop and putting it on , I got into my car and slouched down into my seat -LRB- something I do n't usually do because of the pain in my lower back -RRB- and drove to where I needed to be , not even realizing that my pain had went away . After wearing this necklace for a few days , I have stopped taking muscles relaxers at night , and I noticed while waking up I do n't feel any tension . Usually waking up in the morning I feel the most tension but have n't had a problem for the past week . This morning while getting ready for work I was having some pain in my left ankle , and it was popping . I never have ankle pain and it never pops -LRB- must have tweaked it -RRB- . Therefore , I took my necklace off and wrapped it around my ankle . 5 minutes later the pain was gone . I 'm not sure how this product works , although I 'm a firm believer in the bodies natural healing process . If this IS indeed placebo effect working , then what is the big issue ? People should understand that placebo effect is a natural and very important process that can occur in our body . Western medicine spends time trying to get medication to work apart from the placebo effect , which is dangerous and a waste of time . I feel this product really does work and suggest it to anyone who wants to help themselves overcome pain with their body 's natural healing process . Stop listening to other people 's criticism and see if this product works for you . Your mind plays a bigger role in the success of this product than you think . That is all ...
 Our grandson wanted a Phiten necklace for his 12th birthday ... this was a last-minute purchase but it arrived even quicker than expected so it was here in time for his birthday . Sometimes it is hard to impress a tween ... this gift was warmly received and is worn every day . Now a younger grandchild is putting this item on her Christmas wish list .
 I thought that was bunk and I laughed when my husband bought , especially since I 'm the one that has had chronic back and neck pain for the last 3 years - 2 of the years of consistent chiropractic work at least 3 times a week . We recently moved and things improved drastically with only the occasional neck pain , I 'm assuming from less stress , then this morning I woke up with a killer headache and could barely move my head from the stiffness and pain in my neck . I took my husbands necklace and laid in bed , after dozing off for an hour I woke up and things were 90 % better . I then cracked my neck and we were at 98 % I took the necklace off long enough to take a shower and by the time I got out my neck was locking up again so I put it on for the remainder of the day until my husband got home . I 'm ordering mine asap , it was enough to convince me - although I * hate * the look , clashes with all my clothing except my running stuff . Based on another persons review , I am eager to try it on my ankle , I too have a bad ankle from a severe sprain a few years ago - I bet this will help for sure ! This product rocks .
 I 'm not sure if I bought this for my 13 year old son or 19 year old nephew . However , it does n't matter because both of them love their necklaces .
 I bought it for my boyfriend and sent it as a gift.He loved it , and still wears it to this day.It 's comfortable and fits with the outfits he wears . = -RRB-
 I bought these for my grandchildren . All the kids at their school has one or would like to get one . They are very nice and I would recommend this to all your children or grandchildren . My grandchildren only takes there 's off to take a bath . They were at a Christmas get together and the kids there wanted to know how they could get one and my daughter-in-law called to find out so they could order some for their children.I think Amazon is great as I only have to wait a couple of days and I have my product I ordered , plus Amazon products you do not have shipping charges.Kay J. , North Carolina
 This ring is incredible . My girl fell in love with it since the moment i gave it to her , and 'til this day , she 's never taken it off and it 's still in great condition . Bottom line , this is a great quality ring for the price !
 Arrived early , still sparkly and have all the stones . Received 4 days after the order was placed . Been wearing them -LRB- 2 -RRB- 24/7 for 5 days so far . Worn in the shower with no issues . Will update if anything changes .
 I bought this ring with one in pink cubic to wear everyday . With two kids at home I do n't wear my wedding or engagement rings because they leave scratches on the kids . I bought these two rings because they are my kids birthstones and I love them ! They are comfortable enough to wear on my right hand and I dont even know I have them on . I agree with the reviewer who said that they were a little bit big but I just wear them on the next finger .
 I am very happy with my purchase ... I bought it for a toe ring and I wear it everyday ... the stones are very shinny and the fit is very comfortable .
 The picture Amazon provides for this ring does n't really do it justice . It appears more stretched out than it really is . The stones are a lot closer together than they appear . They have a great shine to them as well , not as dull as the picture may imply!I really love this ring ! I wear it every day . The only thing I want to mention is because of the amount of stones -LRB- 7 -RRB- , it definitely covers the entire top of my finger and sometimes rubs against the sides of the 2 fingers next to it . It 's not often noticeable , though , and I think it 's mostly because I have kind of small fingers , so I might notice it more than most people with normal sized hands !
 ... I bought this for my daughter to stack with a citrine one , blue topaz one , and cz one . The stones are well matched , fairly clear and pretty bright . She is thrilled with it ! Very good value especially on sale !!!
 This is a very pretty piece , but a little boring . There are better belleek pieces out there for purchase . It holds my rings tho ... Not really unhappy .
 Service was excellent , product is very high quality , I will purchase from this seller again in the future .
 I ordered this on-line from Europe -LRB- where I live -RRB- and it arrived at my parents house on time when I was visiting the US . I love it and wear it all the time . In the shower , when swimming . I find it so classy and unique ! I also like that it is my birthstone . I called the designers with specific specifications and questions and they were extremely helpful ! I highly recommend them !
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 This is beautiful crystal . I bought the set , earrings , pendant , and bracelet . I wear a 7-1/2 size bracelet , but this one is rather hard to put on by yourself with the tight toggle thing . Very nice worn with pink , blue , and/or lavender . You will receive many compliments , but get help getting the bracelet on .
 I bought this as a gift for my sis and she woke me up Christmas morning to tell me how much she loved it ... Its really nice and am considering getting myself one ... its verry sturdy too - I like that . .
 Very happy with this beautiful bracelet - exactly as described ! The colors are beautiful ! The gift box was a nice touch .
 The item arrived on time and it was in perfect condition . She loved it very much . Four more words ... done .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift , we were extremely pleased when the bracelet arrived - and in time for Christmas !! We were even more pleased when the person for whom the bracelet was purchased opened the gift and was obviously thrilled with it .
 This is such a pretty bracelet and can be worn with light blue , navy , a variety of purples , or neutrals . It really sparkles !
 I ordered this bracelet as a Christmas present for a friend at work . Super pretty - the colors are awesome ! She loves it !
 I am so glad I bought this bracelet ! It looks even more beautiful in person than it does on the website . The crystal colors are really nice and the silver looks good too . I bought this as a gift and the person loved it !
 Bought this for my GF . She likes to string Swarovski crystals to make sun catchers , so I thought she 'd like this . She did . Her daughter was jealous , so I am buying a 2nd one for her birthday . Very happy so far .
 This bracelet made a fantastic gift for a good friend of mine , she absolutely adored it ! She told me that it caught the light beautifully and sparkled . She is so pleased with it that she has ordered another one in a different colour tone .
 Brilliant color and clarity on the gems , adds color and sophistication to an outfit . I got this bracelet and matching earrings for my daughter and she absolutely loves them . It 's not bulky , heavy , or irritating , it 's beautiful and pleasant to wear . Great craftmanship , quality product , and a great buy !!
 It is a very beautiful bracelet for the price I paid for -LRB- $ 29.99 -RRB- . The crystal is very pretty . I also appreciate the seller 's -LRB- GEM AVENUE -RRB- fast delivery so I was able to give it to my wife as her Christmas surprise on time !
 I bought these without expecting much from the quality . However , I was very impressed of how beautiful the piece is and my mother-in-law was very happy to receive it as a gift for her birthday .
 This was an item on my wife 's wish list . It was perfect and exactly what she wanted and now loves . I previously purchased another color in this item and both have been terrific .
 I 'm not always confident in buying gift jewelry for my wife , but this bracelet -LRB- as well as several matching pieces from Gem Avenue -RRB- have been a huge hit with her . I was surprised at the quality of the bracelet , considering its reasonable price .
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 When I choosed this ring I did n't note that it turns in two rings ! Congratulations for the design and the beautiful and fantastic creation from SilverSpeck . I loved it very much.I recommended all of items from SilverSpeck , this seller have a good price and how you see , you always will be satisfied with them .
 I was so pleased with the ring and the customer service as well . I received the ring damaged and immediately contacted the websites customer service , the response was quick and very helpful . I received the new ring very quickly , free of charge , and sent the damaged one back . I 've had the ring for about a year now and have had no problems at all . It 's so elegant and classy I always wear it .
 Loved the music box , and it was in fine condition - but the shipping was n't good . It took a long while , and the box the music box came in was smashed and unusable . It was shipped in a puffy envelope , not a shipping box - horribly poor shipping in my opinion . But the item itself - discounting the shipping - was fine.They need to ship in the future in a box with good packing materials , not mail it in an envelope !
 I bought this music box for my 4 yr old daughter . She loves it !! It is perfect for her little hands to hold with out dropping . She loves that it lights up when she opens the lid . I am very happy with what I got for the price and I will more then likely buy more from the collection .
 This was a gift for my two year old daughter - I know she is too young to play with it by herself , but she is quite good about not destroying things and we just tell her `` one finger touch '' and she is very gentle with such items . This box has a great sound to it , like a music box should , -LRB- as long as you are not expecting the true mechanical quality of a $ 200 German music box -RRB- . The lit tree and rotating ring of skaters make it a great keepsake that we will pull out every Christmas and enjoy .
 I love this little music box . It looks like a classic expensive box from another era . I bought it to use with dolls and it is just perfect.donna
 Darling gift for grandchildren , stocking stuffers , Secret Santas . Of six grandchildren , allparticularly mentioned this one !
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 well i do like them , they are very pretty . but they are a little cheap , very light and they feel kind of flimsy . but once you put them on no one will be able to tell . if you really like the way they look , i would get them , but keep in mind that they 're not going to be extremely nice as far as the make , but they are comfortable and they look great . if your looking for very well made earrings these are not the ones to get . i would still recommend them , but i think how much you will like them depends on what your looking for .
 BETTER THAN THE PIX . MY FAV EARRINGS ... WELL MADE , AND I RECEIVED THEM QUICKLY ... THANKS
 This jewelry box was not tacky or overly childlike ; the box is a simple and a tasteful gift for a five year old or a teenager .
 This jewelry box was pretty much what I expected based on the description . It is small but cute and was appropriate for a young girl as her first jewelry box . I was very satisfied with the box itself , however , the box it came in was very worn , ripped and old looking so I had to take it out and put it in a nicer box for gift giving .
 This is a nice little jewelry box . The space for putting jewelry is very small . A few rings and maybe a pin would fit . Or one or two necklaces and that is about all.The ballerina is very pretty as is the outside of the box . It is not `` Barbie '' pink but a more lighter , prettier , delicate shade of pink . The music is nice as well.Adorable . Well Worth the money . Enjoy .
 Very delicate looking but sturdy , soft music and very feminine . Not that big , not that small . Right size for a girl that can watch it for hours play the music and the dancing ballerina : -RRB-
 I searched all over for this item and when I found it I was not sure if it was exactly what I wanted but it exceeded my expectations and I love it . Excellent , excellent !!!!
 Purchased this small ballerina jewelry box for my granddaughter 's 5th birthday . She was fascinated by the revolving ballerina and of course it came in her favorite color , pink ! Recently the children in her class at school were asked to bring in something from home that made them happy and she chose the little jewelry box !!!
 I got this for my 3 year old Neice for Christmas . She was fascinated by it , and was still playing with it the next day . It was pretty durable as she slammed the lid and grabbed the Balerina a couple of times . I am not sure how it would hold up with a younger child . It was a great , affordable gift .
 A lovely little jewelry box . My daughter 's aged 5 and 7 both loved itso much . I had to order another one ! A great find !!
 This was just what I was hoping for - small enough for my 4-yr-old daughter to carry around if she likes , and very pretty . The music box works as advertised and my daughter likes it , so I consider that a success .
 I bought this for my four year old granddaughter on Amazon - it arrived in Australia in excellent condition - well packed and presented . Just such a beautiful gift for a little budding ballerina !
 I got this jewelry box as a gift for my 3-year-old niece . She absolutely loves it ! It 's not the highest construction , but it 's solid enough for everyday use . She did flick at the ballerina , which made it stop turning for a moment . Winding the box again solved that problem . The winding mechanism is a little hard for 3-year-old fingers , but she was able to give it a small turn - enough to satisfy her attention span .
 This little jewelry box is just adorable ... it 's small but quite appropriate for a little girl ... My Grandaughter loved hers ... the music is nice and it 's so inexpensive -- I would highly recommend it ... Thanks
 The box was exactly as expected . It was the perfect size for my three year old granddaughter to hold . She really does n't really put jewelry in it , but loves it for the music box , as expected . I just wish that the name of the song was on the box . Not one of us could remember the name .
 I got this as a gift for a friend that collects music jewelry box . It is in fact bigger than the picture shows . I find it very cure , and my friend also like . It is adequate for a young girl 's first jewelry box .
 This was a Christmas gift for my four year old neice . She loved it ! She carried it around and played the muscic all day .
 this box is the perfect size for my 3 year old - smaller than other boxes , but big enough for her . it 's very cute and the quality/sturdiness appears to be good . the music is somewhat loud for a music box , but my daughter loves it .
 I am very pleased with the jewelry box . My granddaughter loved the musical balerina .
 The music is beautiful , and this was much loved by a very girlie little girl ... just the right size for a little one , and easy for her to operate by herself : -RRB-
 This was given as a gift to a past student with special needs . She called as soon as she received it and was very glad to get it . She has called twice to tell us how much she likes it .
 This is very feminine and perfect size for a young girl . It does n't hold much but the ballerina dances around to the music , which makes it an &#34; enhanced &#34; music box .
 MY DAUGHTER WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS GIFT AND I WAS TOO ... ! I GIVE THIS JEWERLY BOX IN HER BIRTHDAY
 My granddaughter loved it ! It 's her first jewelry box and perfect for a six year old . I bought another for my 5 year old granddaughter who also loved it .
 I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ... and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online ... she never does that ... and the ring is beautiful ... 10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger ... and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there ... LOVE it
 I 'm glad the stones are lighter in color than pictured , because in my opinion they are more attractive than pictured . The stones are multi-faceted , and the butterfly backings are just the right size . I never cared for those tiny butterfly backings that are nearly impossible to find if you drop one on the floor . Lovely earrings .
 I have been searching for these earrings to match a ring I have for a few years . They are small , but lovely and the color of the stones are brilliant . They came quite quickly and I am very happy with them .
 Love this charm . I purchased two so that I could attach them to hoop earrings . Highly recommend .
 Even though happy bunny is ADORABLE , these were banned at my school for `` offensive messages '' . You might want to think if people are going to be upset when they see these .
 It 's a delicate bracelet and something that sits simply on the wrist , but that has n't stopped me from getting compliments on it . I love the multi-chain look and the heart is perfect . I do n't wear it all the time but so far has n't tarnished . I measure the length and it was correct and fits my wrist perfectly .
 When I saw this on sale for about $ 16 , I got it right away and took advantage of the free shipping -LRB- for orders over $ 45 -RRB- . It 's such a trendy , yet classy design . I have n't worn it that much , but it looked really nice on my wrist when I wore it . I 'm really skinny , so it 's a little loose on me , but it still looks fine -LRB- about 7 '' long -RRB- ... draping over the back of my hand as I move.Bonus
 The pic does n't do it justice - looks even better in real life than in the pic . Very sparkly , and the chain is lovely .
 I 'm not exactly sure how to review an engagement ring setting , but here goes . Its a fairly affordable platinum setting . I bought it as part of the engagement ring for my -LRB- now -RRB- fiancee . The setting is shiny and heavy just like it should be . Its a little bit on the heavy side , which is a side effect of choosing platinum rather than white gold , but it wo n't dull as much . My only complaint is that Amazon did n't offer rings in quarter sizes . However , rounding to the nearest half-size did n't make a big difference and the ring looks great on my fiancee 's finger .
 This is a very nice ring . It is very shiny , and also very $ $ . Very cool .
 I purchased this product for my sister 's birthday . We live 3 hours apart and I wanted something that could be delivered directly to her . Since her birthday is in August , I decided her birthstone , peridot was the way to go . After searching many sites online , I found this beautiful necklace through Amazon . It was delivered quickly to her in a pretty box and she was delighted when she opened it . I have n't seen it in person yet , but she was thrilled and told me how gorgeous it is .
 I think this product has a very interesting look , and it wo n't break the bank . It looks beautiful on my wife , and she really likes it .
 I bought earrings with the Peridot gems and this necklace matched perfectly . I received many compliments . It looks expensive , can be worn with many different outfits -LRB- cocktail , church , business casual -RRB- . I definitely would use this distributor again . The product came in a timely manner .
 Enjoyed this small music box very much . It was a great addition to my miniature nativity collection .
 A great product and a wonderful gift to give or get ! The price is perfect ! I have had many positive comments on this !
 This was a Santa gift for my daughter . It was perfect . Sweet , charming and magical . It is well constructed and has a pretty sound . Even the miniature figures are painted well .
 This little mini-music box has a lot of details including a central scene that rotates as the music plays . There is also a little illuminated manger -LRB- battery run -RRB- that goes off when the lid goes down.A cute miniature nativity scene and a short play version of Silent Night .
 No complaints . The earrings were beautiful and came in a very cute gift box which I did not even have to wrap .
 This was pruchased as a gift and I feel that the quality was very good . It was a very delicate , intracate design I chose and it was one of the best gift I gave this year . I was a little worried that I would get it on time because I ordered it farely close to Christmas . I was very excited when I got and it was in plenty of time for Christmas .
 Finely - an inexpensive ankle bracelet that is strong yet fine -LRB- not bulky -RRB- . I am tired of paying over $ 100 for ankle bracelets .
 I am very happy with the anklet . It arrived earlier than expected and I will deal with the company in the future for more gold
 I got this gold ankle chain to go with my snake chain . This store has really good prices .
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 Got 'em for Christmas . I was surprised that the bale did not `` dangle '' , and the diamonds are of inconsistent size , -LRB- not visually balanced between the earrings -RRB- , which I expected for the price . Very high quality regardless . Wish they had the option of yellow gold .
 This ring is so pretty . It spins easily , and the crystals sparkle as it spins . I really love it !
 I bought this ring because none of my other rings seemed to fit properly , and the colors looked nice . I recieved it two days after it said it was shipped , which was convenient . It came in a cute velvet , drawstring bag and I must say , the colors are much more brilliant then portrayed in the picture . The band is a little thin , but that 's not bad because it does n't get in the way . All in all , I think this was a great buy . I love this ring , and the spinning motion is really fun too. : -RSB-
 I bought this ring after reading that spinner rings had helped others finally stop biting their nails . I 've always heard that one habit would have to be replaced by another ; a likely key to past failed attempts.This ring has surpassed my expectations . I leave it on day and night including showers and hand washing . It still looks great and has n't tarnished a bit . I just ordered additional ones for a friend and for my daughter .
 The Wolfwood Cross Punisher necklace is amazing . Once I got past the initial awe of having it right in my hands , I was dazzled by how well detailed it was . The designer kept everything , including the skull-shaped handle in the center of the cross , and little dots along the cross where the nails were . There were only two problems I had . 1
 I bought this having a much different image in mind . It 's made with durable , heavy metal . The detail is beautiful , but the back side is dissapointing . There is no detail whatsoever on the backside , just a flat surface . It doesnt look anywhere near as cool when the cross flips over and all you see is the flat side.The chain it was on was very nice , and it looks very durable . If both sides had been detailed so beautiful , I would have given it a 5 . Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase , but it could of been better .
 I bought this just because I wanted something to remind me of the Trigun series besides the series themselves . I like the detail and the chain but I was expecting it to have the same amount of detail on the back of the cross . It 's nothing more then a flat smooth piece on the back .
 Amazing looking necklace , the chain is more on the cheap side mine broke after getting caught a handle for a window , however the cross itself is amazing over time the coating will come off however so take care of it and clean it . Overall astethically pleasing piece would definitly recommend for someone thats a fan of the anime or manga , or just someone that is into more industrial , dark , or kind of brooding style but is a christian that would like the symbolizim of the cross .
 I bought this necklace at an anime convention . Beautiful necklace . My only problem is when I let my brother wear it , it looked like he was wearing a chocker . The chain is too short !
 I ordered this ring on 01-31-2010 for my wedding on 02-02-2010 . It said OUT OF STOCK and shipment to be expected by the 18 of february . In a panic , on 02-11-2010 , I called Katrina 's to see if they were in stock . A very kind man answered ... I told him it was for my wedding on the 21st and I was nervous it would n't get here on time . . He was compassionate to my needs and made a note on my account as to my situation and then reassured me it would arrive in time . Sure enough . .3 days later I received it ! WOW ... what a beautiful ring ! My husband was surprised and expected I paid $ 900 for it ... excellent quality , beautiful packaging , surpassed all my expectations ... and fears of buying on-line ! Thanks Katrina 's !
 This ring is really great and person who sold this is Katarina 's in New York . And it 's something that 's better than simple white gold ring most people might settle with . Why should girls have all the fun ?
 My fiancee went and bought this item over 4 yrs ago , It was so special to me , he gave it to me for xmas of that yr . Well I never had a problem with the delicate bracelet . Only until I was in a dress shop and I think it got hooked on a dress , and never saw it again . I wanted to replace it , since it is so sentimental to me , on more then one level and they do not have it for sale . I really wish they would bring it back !
 We were quite satisfied with this purchase , which was a surprise gift for my wife . It had a beautiful shimmer to it , and looked really like quality jewelry . It was hard to find jewelry that showed both quality and subtlety , and I was glad to have found this one .
 Love my charms ... I have quite a few bracelets , watch bracelets and medical bracelets . You use to be able to find the charms sold everywhere , but not now . . now mostly internet
 Ordered this with a few other pieces that match with the bear paw turquoise theme . Really nice necklace at a fair price . Quality and workmanship are very good , making me very happy with my purchase .
 got this for my sister for xmas . havent given it to her yet . . but i did open it and it is gorgeous . it is very heavy and very clean . it is just like the picture !
 This bench is just perfect . It is a quality piece of furniture . Very comfortable seating . It arrived very quickly . I could not be more pleased .
 We recently purchased a bedroom suite and needed a short stool to use to put on shoes . Rather than travel all over town looking at furniture stores , we decided to shop on line . We are so glad we did . We used a Google image search , and found the stool and style we thought would work . Amazon had the best price so we ordered . We were very pleased that it did match the stain and style of the wood in our new bedroom suite perfectly . Each leg bolts on securely and easily . The seat cushion and wood appear to be of excellent quality . We placed it beneath a full length mirror we mounted on the wall behind it . It looks great and we look forward to years of service .
 I was delighted to find this vanity stool to put in our bedroom . It 's sturdy , well-crafted and beautifully matches our bedroom set . It 's a very nice accent and provides a safe place for my husband with PD to sit .
 I bought this stool to match my existing vanity and it 's the perfect match ... the wood is very rich looking . The seat fabric is more of a gold color rather than a tan . Very well made and was easy to assemble ! Fast ship !
 What a great piece of jewelry ! This is my first ankle bracelet , and I 'm so happy with this purchase . I looked in a few department stores , but the quality was not so good . Then I turned to the internet , and found this one . The weight of the gold and the style were what I was looking for , and with two reviews -LRB- both 5 stars -RRB- , I took a chance . The day I got it , I put it on and wo n't remove it until summer is over . It is very well made , and looks great !
 very pleased with this bracelet . It is strong and you can wear it everyday , yet it is very attractive with it 's diamond cutting . This is not a flimsy bracelet at all , but is very solid and I highly recommend it .
 This is a great anklet ! It 's strong enough that I can keep it on around the clock . It 's simple and pretty enough that I want to .
 this anklet is sturdy and well made and is bold and looks gorgeous on my lady friend 's ankle .
 The gold ankle bracelet is gorgeous.It is quite delicate and , in fact , so beautiful , I 've had it shortened to wear as a bracelet on my wrist . It 's gorgeous .
 The anklet was apparently delivered but I did not recive it . Amazon was great in trying to replace it but it was unavailable . I did receive full credit and am more than happy with the way they handle the transaction . Now just off to search for a different anklet .
 Great product , included in a keepsake bag and presented in a lovely box . Thanks I will shop here again .
 Beautiful item , but can not attest to its ' durability as I have just given it as a gift .
 First of all , this anchor link is so popular right now . I never take this anklet off , only to shave my legs in the shower . I 've gone through at least 5 other ankle bracelets before this because they 've gotten caught on towels or clothes and I 've destroyed them . This anklet feels excellent , it 's not rough on the edges and I have worn it with great success and without damaging it ! It 's perfect !
 I was delighted with the quality ... the weight is just right , not too much , not too little . It is exactly what I wanted it to be .
 This is a great anklet . I never take it off . The clasp is strong and it never gets caught on anything . Very sturdy and pretty too .
 I was shopping for a gold anklet and found this one . It was at a nice price with free shipping . It is a simple design and goes with everything .
 I have been looking for a l4k anklet for a while . When I saw this one in your jewelry section I knew this was the one I was looking for . It is really beautiful and looks great on my ankle . I have never seen an anklet like this and wear it all the time . The quality is exceptional and the price is reasonable . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a l4k anklet .
 Received this the other day , used a promotional certificate so total cost was about $ 40 versus the $ 60 sale price , which was good deal . It is very dainty but pretty . The size is just right for the ankle at 9.5 '' so there is extra room versus the 9 '' anklets which can be tight on medium size anklets . The mix of white and yellow gold gives it a nice effect . Have not worn as this will be for the summer , but think this is a different style for your anklet and can be mixed with white and yellow gold accessories . Definitely recommended it for a different look .
 I purchased this as a gift for my niece , and was very pleased with the design and the quality . Very pretty and feminine , nice workmanship and a nice chain . The colors of the cz 's might be a bit brighter than shown , but otherwise it 's pretty much what you see . The only concern I had was with priority shipping . When I purchased the item , the seller 's comments guaranteed delivery before Christmas . I did n't receive a shipment confirmation from the seller -LRB- Netoya -RRB- , but what I did receive was warnings from Amazon that the item might not arrive before Christmas . I never received a reply from the seller after requesting assurance about shipping . Ultimately , the package arrived in plenty of time -- just as originally promised , and all was well . So , customer service might be iffy , but the product is nice .
 Nice chain , not too small and not too big . Just the right size for an anklet .
 The anklet is so darned cute , but I think it was overpriced . Otherwise I would have rated it a 5 . If I had the option of handling the item , I would not have made the purchase at that price .
 The product arrived as it is promised and it is in perfect shape.You should be careful about the length of the chain though , I now think that 10 inch would have been a better choice .
 Item was exactly as described . I received it as promised . Will definitely shop here again .
 I am very pleased with my new anklet . When I see similar products in stores and elsewhere , the price is at least two times higher than this price . So not only do I have a beautiful piece of jewelry , but at a really special price .
 This anklet is an eye catcher , its not too big or too oversimplify but its just right . Very durable , compare to the 18k sterling this is way better my girl friend had it for about a year and it just broke recently if you accidentally force it when its hooked on clothing . It so worth the money .
 14k Yellow Gold Italian Anklet w / Key Charm , 9.5 `` WOW !!! What can I say . The picture really does n't do this anklet justice . It is very well made . It is gorgeous , looks expensive . The price is unbelievable compared to the ones I had looked at in department stores . My daughter will love this . I would recommend this to anyone.Amazon is awesome !!!! I have never been disappointed with anything I have bought from them . The delivery time was only 2 days . I loved the whole experience .
 I received my Kit Heath Celtic Green Agate Claddagh Ring yesterday and I am SO pleased ! It 's definitely a women 's ring . Very polished and delicate . Extremely shiny and the Agate is true Irish green . Very good value for the product ! Kit Heath has done it again ! : o -RRB-
 It is a really pretty ring . My girlfriend really liked it . only down side is that she seems to be allergic to it .
 Beautiful necklace and nice small size stones and adjustable length of necklace . Fast shipping and packaged well and recommend to all .
 As always , shopping with Amazon was a pleasureable experience . The item mentioned was a birthday present . It arrived very , very , fast and turned out to be an extremely nice gift . I would also like to point out that I am very pleased that Amazon offers free shipping when you purchase items over a certain dollar amount . It certainly makes you wonder why others are such `` rip-off '' artists when it comes to shipping and handling charges . This is not my 1st purchase through Amazon and it will definitely not be my last . Great deals on quality products , fast and free shipping . What more can you ask for ?!!!
 I have n't ever done reviews . . but I bought this for my wife on our 11th wedding anniversary and she loves it !
 Very Happy with the product and service that I receive from Amazon . Keep up the good work .
 I was delighted and a bit startled when I saw the necklace because the picture does n't accurately capture it . It really is a gorgeous piece , especially for the price . The necklace has a good bit of weight to it and the lobster claw is very secure . When on , it sparkles marvelously . I am extremely pleased with it since it can be worn alone -LRB- whereas I had planned it for use with a pendant -RRB- . It is my first jewelery purchase through Amazon and it has emboldened me toward further purchases .
 This is a very nice necklace for the price . I was very pleased with the quality of the necklace , I agree with the other reviewers that the picture does it no justice . It looks beautiful with the pendant I bought for it - I ca n't wait to give it to my mother for x-mas - I am sure she is going to love it !
 I just recieved this item a couple days ago . I ca n't believe how beautiful and shiny this chain is . It is nothing like the picture . 100x 's better ! Great deal !
 I can tell you that after receiving the chain and giving this to my wife the pictures that Amazon has online do not even come close to the beauty of this in real life . It is a great chain and if fact I also ordered a 24 ' version after I received this one .
 This is a nice anklet for the money , and it looks great on my wife . THe clasp broke about 5 months after she got it , but she was pregnant and her ankles were swelling .
 I was surprised , and a little concerned , when I saw how fine and delicate this bracelet is . My wife , however , was delighted ; and THAT is the true measure of the item as it was a gift for her .
 It 's really pretty and still durable enough to wear every day . In fact , I never take mine off , and have never had problems with it . The texture is interesting and captures attention .
 this bracelet was purchsed for myself . I thought it was very pretty for its size - i am using it as a charm bracelet , as i recently lost one , and wanted a replacement . i am enjoying it very much , as it is very delicate on my wrist . thx you Amazon for showing it on-line . Flora in Florida
 The anklet is very pretty , seems to be made well , and it 's comfortable around my ankle . The only reason I did n't give it a higher rating is that it 's extremely thin , barely even showing up on my ankle .
 I was very hesitant to purchase jewelry online . Previously I had only purchased jewelry in a store . But I really wanted this type of necklace and could not budget the $ 300.00 quote from a local jewelry store . So I took a risk and bought this necklace from Amazon . I wear it almost everyday with a pendant . It 's beautiful and very good quality . I rarely take it off and even sleep with it on . It 's very durable but yet elegant . And the price is fabulous too .
 I received a diamond pendent for my birthday and knew I would lose it if I did n't replace the very thin chain it came on ... I lost the last one that way . Bought this one and it 's worked great . Like the longer length .
 I 'm very pleased with this necklace - it 's just the right size and length for my 14K gold charm . The lobster clasp works great .
 The gold chain was exactly as advertised . It is the perfect length and diameter for the pendant I have . It arrived promptly . I would buy from this company again .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my mother and I know she is going to love it as much as I do . . if I do n't keep it for myself ! I was not a big fan of the rope chain but WOW - what a difference the diamond-cut makes . It sparkles and shines like a. . . I was about to say diamond ;-RRB- This necklace just feels right , it 's not flimsy at all . It can be a gamble getting jewelry items sight unseen , but I could not have been happier with this necklace . Beautiful !
 Beautiful bracelet , small enough for the dainty look , yet sturdy and heavy enough to not fall apart . Wear it all the time with several other bracelets . For this price , unbeatable deal , much better than at the local mall . Amazon is fabulous as always for their delivery time . Thanks Amazon !
 Hard to find marine life charms . This one shows detail well . This is not the charm if you want to see BIG diamonds , but if you like to see accented areas . Goes well with all the other charms offered in this series by Amazon .
 Got this item today and it is perfect . It 's really nice expecially for a man . It is a medium weight chain that is perfect . This chain sells for 40-50 dollars more elsewhere because I researched before I bought . As always I am pleased with Amazon 's jewelry collection . Thanks Amazon !
 24 '' 14K gold chain was a gift for my boyfriend . He likes it . The length was perfectly described . The only problem I had was the blue velvet pouch that it came with , it was awkward taking the chain out of the pouch -LRB- snagged a little -RRB- , but other than that , great gold box buy .
 This was a gift for a man . I was concerned that this chain may be too delicate ... but no , it 's a really nice chain and it looks great on him . I bought the 24 inch and I 'm very pleased !
 I was surprised by the quality & sparkle of this chain . It looks good and is a great value for the price .
 I ordered this chain for my boyfriend and was skeptical of the qualtiy due to the low price . My fears were unfounded , however . The chain is all the description reads and more . It 's a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 Was worried to order jewelry online but it was a much greater value and price than any store around
 The thickness of the necklace is nice and looks great with most of my pendants . I love the thickness and the length is perfect so that the pendants are n't hidden under the shirt.Great quality !
 I purchased this chain because it is in white gold and I wanted something substantial and secure to wear an Atocha reale -LRB- coin -RRB- on . The photo does not do it justice , it 's truely a gorgeous piece and very well made . It is also heavier than I expected . I purchased a yellow gold version of this chain at a wholesale jewlry shop and it was twice the price and not quite as heavy although it was also 3mm . I am really pleased with the looks -LRB- I have received several compliments -RRB- and quality of this item . You ca n't go wrong with this one !
 The ordering and delivery went very smoothly and the product was just what I hoped for . All in all , a nice experience and I 'd order here again . thanks !
 Although smaller than I expected , still good quality . Definitely a keeper , but will move up to a larger look before long .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's 45th birthday , and she loved it , and would n't take it off .
 I love this bracelet for its `` wear-ability '' . It goes well with work or play clothes and is heavy enough to stand up to some abuse . I recommend this to anyone looking for a pretty , general purpose bracelet .
 I really like these earrings , they are beautiful and the length is perfect . Unfortunately I have to return them as one of the leverback hooks is twisted and the pearl does not hang correctly . Just got them yesterday and so disappointed as I was looking forward to wearing them . However the packaging is superb .
 Delivery was fast . Was disappointed at first because it arrived with several kinks in it . With about a half hour of gentle manipulation , I was able to get it straightened out . Seems to me that chains like that should be shipped taped to a ring of cardboard or some other way of keeping it straight . Just send the gift box with it . The shipping box was more than big enough for it to be laid out in some fashion , instead of crumpled up in that little blue sack.It looks good . It does n't seem too thin or too bulky , and the diamond cuts add some sparkle to it . I hope my girlfriend likes it , and I 'm glad I was patient with getting the kinks out . Had I put any force into it , I could have really damaged it .
 This was a gift and I was not sure of the quality when I ordered but when I saw it I was impressed . Very nice for a reasonable price .
 This is a very clean , simple and elegant piece of jewelry . Not something for those who prefer larger pieces of jewelry , as it is understated . It goes well with a turtleneck and jeans or a suit and a silk camisole.I am 100 % pleased with this purchase and have ordered a lovely white gold bracelet to complete the shopping spree.I 'd recommend this to those who do n't care to spend a lot of money on flashy jewelry , but who prefer the minimalist side of life . : - -RRB-
 My wife was in need of a larger chain for one of her precious pendants . She noticed what my sister had one and told me she just loved her chain . As a husband who rarely notices some else 's jewelry I search the internet for a cut diamond chain since I did not have time to go the retailers . I ordered it and the shipping time was only about four days , not seven to ten days as advertised.The wife was elated and it was exactly what she wanted . I turned out to be a great Valentine 's Day . She still brags about it .
 I agree with the previous user . This chain is `` very clean , simple and elegant piece of jewelry '' . I 'm happy I got it because its thin enough to look elegant , and thick enough not to break when you pull on at accidently . The price was good , and it is White Gold ! I have little attacments hanging on my chain , and it looks very nice . It does n't get dirty and does n't have any oxidation -LRB- which makes silver turn dark -RRB-
 This was just what I was looking for and the quality is superb . Thanks . A+A+A+A+A+A +
 I bought this chain to go with a silver pendant . The chain looked great with the pendant . However the metal weight is not as it described as 6.8 g . It only weights about 3.8 g.
 I bought this chain for a friend to go with a silver pendant . The chain looked great with the pendant and my friend loved it .
 Most people can tell quality in jewelry when they see it . There wo n't be a problem seeing it with this piece . If you 're looking for a quality necklace to go with that special pendant , look no further . This product is exactly as described and a real value . It 's heavier than the necklaces that come with most valuable pendants and the lobster clasp is much sterdier . So , if you paid alot for the pendant , why not spend alittle for the piece of mind with a better necklace to hang it on .
 I was hesitant to order this chain sight unseen , but as it turns out I made the right decision . It is exactly what I was looking for . This is a high quality chain and just the perfect weight for the Celtic cross my husband bought me for Christmas last year . The lobster claw clasp is much more attractive and classier looking than an o-ring style clasp . I am very happy with this purchase .
 It was exactly what I expected . Metal Chain with plastic dollar sign . It went great with my Halloween costume . The only thing is that the chain does n't open , so if someone has a big head they may not be able to fit it through .
 For the price , it would have been nice for it to have been 3-D . It 's nice sized and very pretty , but feels a bit flimsy . This is a review , not a complaint . If I had to do it over again , I 'd buy this charm ... I 'd just have been happier to have gotten it at a lower price .
 I purchased a gold charm bracelet through amazon . What a surprise ! Forget the jewerly stores , I 'll be purchasing my jewerly through amazon . The bracelet , for the money I spent was so well worth it !!! It 's so well made , and gram for gram could not have asked for a better deal .
 I am so happy with my purchase ! This is a beautiful high quality bracelet , that I would recommend to anybody . The gold is the perfect color and the gram weight is unbelievable for the price . Ladies , this is a beautiful gift for someone or yourself . Amazon is # 1 in my book !!!
 Excellent design and appearance . The only problem was that the clasp would not stay closed . Rather than attempt to bend/fix the clasp , I returned it in order to make another selection .
 I 've been looking for a high quality , white gold 20 '' box chain for many months . Either the clasp was not as secure as a lobster-claw -LRB- like this chain has -RRB- or the price was OVER $ 200 . I am truly delighted with this chain , and I am going to order it in yellow-gold , too . You will love it 's chic appeal that can go either dressy or casual .
 very pretty , like it a lot .
 I received this chain as a gift and I love it . It is very thin and delicate , and the box chain is very fluid and does not kink up or crimp like a serpentine link would . Also , the boxes reflect light in small sectioned bursts rather than having one long continuous glare like other chains . It is eye-catching without being gaudy . Much to my relief , I am able to wear it continuously and I have n't had any problem with the chain or its clasp tangling up in my long hair . I do n't wear much jewelry , but this chain is non-fussy so I can wear it every day , and I can add a pendant if I want to dress it up .
 I did some research before buying this box chain necklace from Amazon , and this was by far the best deal . And Amazon must have realized it was too good a deal because two days after my order I noticed that the price had gone from $ 45 to $ 60 ! I checked in three mall stores and a comparable necklace there ranged from $ 90 - $ 149 . The only problem now is that I want to buy some more pendants to go with the necklace !
 I always like Amazon.com Collection . In last two years , I have had quite a collection.They usually got nice design ideas from big brands and are also very well-made . Most of them are no longer available . But I continue enjoying checking the site once a while . -LRB- Amazon likes to put one or two items on sale with really good price !!! -RRB- I purchased several vintage gold pendants on Ebay . They are cute but quite small . So I need a decent K gold necklace . I received this necklace today and was very impressed with the weight and quality.From my gold jewelry -LRB- ! -RRB- shopping experience , it is an excellent price of $ 10 per gram for 14K gold jewelry . -LRB- Unless it 's very unusual great design , I still believe the weight is an important factor of gold jewelry ... -RRB- Since the gold price has hit the record high , I was suprised this necklace is still with a good price!If you like something elegant and subtle , I highly recommend this necklace .
 I have rated this necklace as a `` 5 '' . It is exactly the correct lengthand looks very nice .
 Has substance , beautiful ... Fits my pendants perfectly ... I wanted a snake chain that would not be flimsy , or too tiny to see , this is perfect ... Recommended ... If I could get a 15 '' chain in this also , I 'd buy it for a `` layered '' look ... You wo n't be disappointed , looks & feels like a chain coming from an expensive jewelry store !
 This is exactly what I expected . I 'm very pleased . Thank you .
 This chain is a beautiful , 16 '' snake chain , it shows off my pendants perfectly . I wanted a chain that I could wear like a choker . The gold is a rich tone , and the chain is smooth and `` slinky '' but yet has body . The clasp is secure and easy to manipulate . This was in my gold box , and I was leary of ordering jewelry online . I was not disappointed !
 At first they seems very small , when you wear them , then these rings looks very beatiful . My friend love them , and I 'm very glad by this .
 This necklace is smooth and sleek , comfortable to wear . It , however is not shiny . A good value for the price
 Very nice little piece of jewelry , and presented in an attractive box . Worth the money .
 I shopped many other on-line stores and this is the weightiest and best made snake chain for the the price . I do n't agree that it pulls on the back of the hair , but everyone is different.If you 're looking for a great quality 18 '' snake chain that looks more expensive than it is , do n't hesitate . I wish Amazon had it in white gold as well .
 I am VERY happy with this necklace , it 's beautiful ! I received it within 3 days of my order . I 'm sure I will get a lot of compliments .
 LOVE it , SUPER fast delivery , got the next day !! and goes GREAT with my vintage diamond heart pendant !!! thanks !
 Very nice chain ... it will look great with a diamond solitaire pendant or just worn alone . I 'm impressed with the quality . Thanks !
 i received it two days ago , the item was beautiful it goes very nice with my pendent.thanks amazon
 I needed a medium length chain to use with several different silver pendants . This chain is attractive and strong and has worked out perfectly .
 Very nice chain -- I wear it alone with two other necklaces for a layered look . It was a little thinner than I thought it would be for an 8 gram necklace , but its sleekness made up the difference .
 I purchased these earrings as a gift for someone whose birthstone is amethyst . She loved them . I was very pleased . Thank you , Peora
 This is the first time I have ordered from this company and I am very pleased with the whole transaction . The delivery was speedy and the product , beyond my expectations . The earrings came in an attractive gift box and the stones are clear and a very nice color . I will order again from Peora Jewelry .
 Love this chain . It 's simple in design and can be put with anything . It travels well and it is a permanent part of my `` to be packed '' jewelry bag .
 I may not be a jewelry expert , but I was desperate to find a 20 '' chain to wear with a new opal pendant and could not find one , affordable or otherwise , locally . This chain is beautiful ! I have big , clumsy fingers and so do n't find the lobster clasp any easier to use than a `` normal '' clasp , but the chain is silky feeling and has a stunning shine to it . The price was fantastic as well ! If it is available in other diameters , I will buy more . Thank you Amazon ! Once again , you have exceeded my expectations !
 This chain surpassed my expectations . The quality was excellent , the chain never becomes tangled and feels smooth as silk . I wear it with a small gold piece and it sets off the piece beautifully . It is the perfect length for everyday wear and the weight of the chain is sturdy without being heavy . I would absolutely recommend this item and it would make a lovely gift as well .
 I was very pleased with my purchase , and would purchase from this seller again
 This piece of jewlery is of exceptional quality at a very reasonable price . I love it and will wear it regularly .
 ... reviewer Debbie Downey should realize that her insipid comments serve only to hurt the manufacturer of this necklace , and mislead potential buyers . If Amazon made an error by shipping the incorrect item -LRB- understandable , considering the millions of orders that are processed monthly -RRB- , than her complaint is with Amazon - and a 1-star rating has no effect on Amazon.com . It really irks me when rocket scientists give 1-star ratings , due to shipping and packing issues , that bear no reflection on the product itself!Judging by the other reviewer , I 'm sure this item is fine , and my rating will help to balance things out a bit.Note to lKellogg
 I was leery -LSB- at first -RSB- about purchasing gold jewerly from here . I 've purchased books , music , toys , clothes even fitness equipment but jewelry ?! Well , I have to say that I was more than impressed and delighted with the quality and worksmanship of this gold chain . It 's a nice weight , color and size , perfect for a medium size pendant -LRB- for which I bought it -RRB- or just by itself . It arrived beautifully packaged in a navy velvet/satin lined pouch and matching box -- all ready for gift-giving . I will definitely be buying more jewerly -LRB- along with everything else -RRB- from Amazon real soon .
 It 's perfect ! Very nice weight , not at all tiny . A fraction of the price that all the `` major '' jewelry stores were asking for the same weight , style and length . Perfect for the diamond pendant I got for Christmas , it adds to the beauty of the pendant instead of taking away from it . Do n't be afraid to buy this it 's worth every penny !
 I read reviews before purchasing this gold chain and am another satisfied customer . I have not had problems with green marks left on the neck ; this necklace is perfect . I plan to buy another of the same style , but a larger diameter .
 I have purchased both a 20 '' .9 mm Italian Octagonal Snake and this 1.4 mm Italian Octagonal Snake . I am much , much more pleased with the 1.4 mm . The .9 mm is a bit smoother as the links are smaller , but the 1.4 mm is a massively thicker necklace that does not look nearly as fragile . The .9 mm just left me with the feeling that it might break rather easily . The 1.4 mm is probably a bit stronger , and the additional weight and size feel better ... the .9 mm weighed almost nothing . I would note that the links are much harder to see on the .9 mm , so if you are looking for something that feels like silk , the .9 mm might be the better choice , but the 1.4 mm is not rough by any means .
 Very nice quality . Arrived in timely fashion . The lobster claw was smaller than I thought it would be . I really love the necklace .
 I love this necklace !! Bought it as a gift and it is prettier in person than online !!
 I received my chain necklace today and upon opening the pouch I was quite pleased with it 's appearance . I purchased this as a replacement chain for my 14k gold cross , which I had broken a few days ago . The picture on the website really does n't do it justice-it 's very pretty with a nice polished sheen . It 's a simple , classic style that goes beautifully with my cross , and I ispected the stamp that appears on both sides of the lobster clasp hooks and it does have 14k . I do n't know what the other customer got , but I definately got what I ordered . She should have known better than to throw away her paperwork ! Alas , live and learn . Any problems -LRB- rare -RRB- I have with something I order from Amazon , they have been quick to take care of the situation!I 've been very happy with the items I 've ordered from Amazon and plan on ordering more in the future .
 I bought three of these for three granddaughters . I think they 'll like it , especially with the charm I bought for them.I am very pleased .
 I bought this chain and put a gold italian horn on it . It looks great .
 This item not only looks fabulous , but it feels gorgeous and silky against the skin ... AWESOME !!
 This necklace is just perfect and I love wearing it .
 No complaints about the quality . What I like best is that the wheat link has a rich gold color that is not too shiny , whereas something like a box link is much shinier .
 Looks good with pendants and coin jewelery . I bought it for me but my 21 year old son thinks it looks good on him . The chain lays well and does not catch on clothing .
 I love this chain - it 's a lovely color of gold and solidly made . While it 's not really thick enough to wear by itself , it 's absolutely perfect for pendants and has a sturdy clasp so you do n't have to worry about losing it . I bought it for my 3-stone diamond pendant and it looks terrific .
 All you have to do is check the gram weight to see that this will not be a heavy chain . For the money it is a good buy and is a good chain to hang pendants on if the 18 '' is too short . If you want big and bold then this is n't it-but if you want a chain to change off lengths on different pendants you own this is the one for you . Lobster claws alone are $ 30.00 bucks .
 A beautifully crafted piece of wheat gold and a very good value .
 I got these for my wife as a Valentines gift and they are beautiful . I see no blemishes and it sparkles . 1/2 cttw was a good size as her first set of diamond earings . Fast shipping and bought them during the 40 % off sale . We are both completely happy with the purchase .
 Let me tell you , these diamond earrings are the best ones ! I purchased them for my GF for her B-day and she loved them . They look small when in the box , but when she put them on they looked just right -LRB- not too big nor too small -RRB- , in short , we both were happy with this purchase being my first diamond purchase online and her first diamond earrings ever . Not to mention , the method of delivery was excellent , I ordered them on Friday , and they were delivered the next day Saturday -LRB- free of charge -RRB- . I would recommend these diamond earrings for first and second time buyers . Cheers .
 First time buying a diamonds online with Amazon , what came was exactly as I imagined . Keep up the good work !
 I received my diamond stud earrings and was pleasantly surprised . The clarity and sparkle of the earrings are amazing . I also was given a generous discount which was a surprise when I closed the order . I am very happy and would recommend these earrings for anyone shopping for diamonds . Thank you .
 Was ambivalent about purchasing diamonds thru internet sources . Amazon did not dissapoint , and the product reviews on this item helped me select it vs. another product . The earrings did not dissapoint . They were exactly as described , and were a good quality .
 I bought these for my girlfriend - they seem very nice and the box they came in was decent . 1/2 ct total weight was actually smaller than i had envisioned - just suprised me a little when i opened the box but thats just how big 1/4 ct studs are ! Paid 499.00 for the 1/2 cttw in 18k white gold .
 I ca n't believe the weight and quality for the price . A beautiful bargain .
 I purchased this and received it the next day ! I could n't believe it . I had just been to my local jeweler who showed me a similar necklace at almost twice the price . And the length was a special order so it would have taken 2 weeks ! I am so pleased with this purchase .
 My wife loves the chain . The chain total weight was more than we could get locally . It is very finely done with a secure clasp and the cost over over $ 100 less than anything we saw . The value is really unbelievable . Thank you !!!
 The necklace is of excellent quality , weight & impressively packaged for the price offered . I purchased a very similar item at Zales for nearly 3x the price offered here -LRB- which I no doubt returned -RRB- . I liked it so much that I also ordered a yellow gold one .
 I 'm very disappointed that this item is no longer available . I received mine on Sunday and I have n't removed it yet . This is a gorgeous snake chain that is so smooth around the neck . The weight is as advertised , or roughly one-third of an ounce . I planned on buying more as gifts !!!!
 Good for the price paid but not worth for more than what I paid for this .
 The necklace is beautiful and I may get another in a different length , nice quality and a great price !
 Well made , strong for size . Secure clasp and welds . Only possible drawback is that it is * very * yellow gold -LRB- for those who are looking to match colors -RRB- .
 I bought this for my husband . It is a very masculine chain of good quality and workmanship , the only thing I really do not like is the color of the gold . The color looks like fluorescent 18k gold , way too yellow for my taste .
 I purchased this neckalce from Amazon a while back and love it . It is nice looking , not too big , and not too thin . Looks just perfect . Recommended !
 I bought this chain for my husband for our anniversary , relying on previous Amazon jewelry purchases which had all been better than advertised.I was not disappointed ... this chain arrived in a presentation box worthy of the highest end neck jewelry , and the hinged midnight blue box was enclosed in a beautiful matching box of very high quality - sturdy , and with an expensive feel and look every bit as nice as Bailey , Banks and Biddle Jewelry.The chain itself is of perfect weight , feels solid and the workmanship is top notch . The lobster claw clasp is strong and latches securely . The gold is smooth and a luscious color.My husband was extremely pleased , I might add , and has not taken the chain off since.Thank you , Amazon , for providing the best quality gold at reasonable prices . Competitors should take notice !
 I recently received this piece after waiting a long time to commit to it . It 's gorgeous - solid wood -LRB- very heavy -RRB- , beautiful finish . I would highly recommend it as an addition to any suite of fine furniture .
 the style of this armoire is lovely ... the color and finish puts it into an ` elegant ' category . All the drawers and doors work , the finish is flawless . This is the last jewelry box I will ever need and am very happy with it . It could sit in any room besides the bedroom
 beautiful necklace ! the puffed design is perfect , and the weight is quite heavy . I probably would have liked a slightly longer necklace , but this one works . It was definately a great value - even compared to e-bay .
 The 14kyg necklace is just gorgeous . I bought it for my husband and he loves it . It looks really nice on him and he said it 's very comfortable on . The price was terrific also . Thanks
 This chain has a good weight and sparkle to it . You ca n't beat it for this price .
 From across the room , the shimmer of this gold piece could easily be mistaken for diamonds.I 'd always been skeptical of buying jewelry from Amazon , but I took a risk on this as a Christmas gift . To my pleasant surprise , not only was this a piece of high quality , but it arrived in a perfectly adequate gift box and drawstring pouch -LRB- I did n't order Amazon 's gift wrapping service -RRB- . The piece might be considered a bit dainty by some , but even regular room lighting dances on the surfaces of the mixed ball design spectacularly.My wife has a hard time choosing daily between this and the anniveresary diamond pendant I gave her for our 5th anniversary . Buy this piece with confidence .
 I bought this a few years ago at Amazon and I just love it . It 's sparkles like crazy .
 The chain i bought was everything i had in mind to buy.I was very pleased.Thank u also for the prompt delivery .
 The chain is much much better than shown in the picture . The shine and sparkle is excellent . Highly recommended without any reservations whatsoever .
 I just received this necklace and already love it ! It 's a beautifully delicate and dainty piece that has an incredible sparkle ! For the money I paid -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- , I 'm already convinced it was worth the price!UPDATE 2010
 I ordered this gold chain for my fiancee ' and received it 2 days after I placed my order . I could n't wait to take a closer look and see if it even matched the picture that was posted on Amazon 's website . I was not dissapointed in the least little bit . It is a beautiful piece of jewelry that I know will please my fiancee ' . It is 10 times more than the picture shows . Ca n't wait to see his expression on Christmas morning .
 Again , the picture does n't do justice to how beautiful this chain really is in person . It has diamond cuts on each link that make this beauty really sparkle and shine . It 's a very good quality chain for the money . And I was pleasantly surprised about the size-for dummies like me I was n't sure what the 4.6 mm would actually `` look like '' . It 's about a 1/4 '' . I got this for my husband for our 25th wedding anniversary and he loved it !!
 I bought this change and it is exactly as it was described by the seller . I am really happy to have bought it it looks really nice . And it arrived two days after I ordered it . Thank you so much !
 I like the chain . I am happy with the quality , and the sale price was really good compared with what I saw in department stores . I wish I could have afforded the heavier chain .
 I owned this bracelet for 20 years until my house was robbed Christmas Eve . I LOVED this bracelet . I had over 25 charms added to it which my my children gave me over those years . It is heavy , sturdy and solid . The Figaro in my opinion is the best if you work your hand hard . The lobster claw clasp is the best . Never a problem there . I never had a link break ! The charms are irreplaceable , but the bracelet I am definitely buying again and starting over . I wore it everyday and it got hit , pulled , tugged , you name it and it never broke and kept its beautiful shine . As with all jewelry it did need to get cleaned every now and then . And I always got complements , not only for the charms , but because of the style of bracelet I chose . It is a winner whether to wear alone or like me , add charms .
 This bracelet has appeal also the appearence that tells others that the figaro style maybe what you 're in search of ! So if considerin ' a bracelet that is n't too big but very noticable you might want this !!
 Product promptly delivered in 2 days.Color of stone was not the same as pictured . Should of had a disclaimer in the discription stating color may vary.Sent necklace back and wainting for proof of refund on my card statement .
 I 've been looking for this necklace for a long time . The only white gold one I could find was twice the price as this one and half the weight . This chain looks perfect with my pendant and the style does n't tangle my hair . The gold is pure white and very beautiful - I 'm very impressed with the quality and price !
 The facets make the chain quite sparkly . I found it perfect for all my pendants , not flimsy but not too heavy , and not twisty like some other type chains .
 This item has an appeal that would makes others think it cost more than it does and the wear is comfortable !
 This bracelet was bought by me to match another that I have as a result this item proved to wear very comfortable and the 7.9 grams compliment this item as well . So if you 're lookin ' for a bracelet that is n't too big or have that phoney appearence then this is for you !
 My husband loved this gift . He told me to rate it as a 5 . I expected it to be thicker than it really was . But , it is beautiful .
 Es una cadena o collar bien agradable , bastante pesado y a un muy buen precio . Lo recomiendo ampliamente a todos . Ali .
 I just received the necklace and I am impressed by the weight and apperance of it . I shopped around and this was by far the best price for the quality and weight of this type of necklace . I would highly recommend this piece to all !
 A lovely , delicate looking chain that feels strong . With just the right amount of sparkle .
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it ! Not too fancy but just enough sparkle so it can be worn with casual , but enough sparkle for evening wear .
 Excellent product ! Great quality and well priced . Would buy other products from this sellter .
 I picked one of these up on sale , and it is well worth it . A weighty chain but not so bulky that it looks gaudy . I wanted something to stand out , but not in your face . This fits the bill well , feels well made , and on sale is a very good value .
 I brought this bracelet and was pleased on how comfortable it wears , half the time I do n't realize that I have it on ! Also my friends want to know where I got this from so they might purchase there 's . So if you are lookin ' for a bracelet I think this would be for you !!
 This is a beautiful necklace and a great price . Would buy it again in a heart beat if available . Description is very accurate .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary and he loves it . It 's really beautiful . Nice and Shiny . : -RRB-
 I purchased this for my son and was very impressed with the weight and quality . Local jewelers were asking twice the price or more for less weight and quality ! My son loves his gift and I loved the price ! I would definitely recommend this to everyone looking for a 14K Figaro chain . My only disappointment was that it did not come in a nicer box , but I was aware of this prior to making the purchase . Also , shipping was free and it arrived the very next day ! Great buy and service !
 This necklace has the weight and feel of pure joy ! Also if you 're in search of an necklace that you want to be noticed , then this is surely the one !
 This is a great chain . Solid , shiney and impressive . If it were made italy it would have gotten 5 stars .
 Estoy muy agradado con esta cadena o collar , bonito tejido , macizo no es hueco , y a un buen precio . Lo unico que podria indicar en contra es el acabado de la cadena la cual presenta algunos bordes filosos , pero nada del otro mundo . Estoy muy agradado por esta compra.Ali
 I bought this for my daughter and am VERY pleased with it . It is delicate with beautiful stones and silver work . Definitely worth the money !
 I am very pleased with this chain . Amazon 's description is completely accurate . The gold chain is very well made and durable . The gold chain has a good mass -LRB- it is NOT thin or flimsy -RRB- and the chain reflects light well . I highly recommend it if you seeking a quality Italian gold chain in this size .
 Excellent piece of jewelry , and weighed in at 15.7 grams , greater weight than advertised . I have a 3.5 gram cross on it , and it 's perfect . Nice weight and color is a true 14K yellow gold . It matches my other solid 14k gold pieces .
 QUITE A BIT HEAVIER THAN YOUR AVERAGE DISCOUNT STORE CHAIN , THIS ONE IS THE REAL DEAL !! I 'M WAITING FOR THE PRICE OF GOLD TO HEAD BACK DOWN AGAIN TO GET THE MATCHING BRACELET !!
 Men 's 14k Yellow Gold 4.6 mm Italian Figaro Chain Necklace , 20 `` I really like this chain , I was suprised that you sold these chains . Its great quality and I weighed it and it was right on the spot , like it was advertised . Thank you for selling the 14k at a great price , I 've looked everywhere and yours is the best ! I will be back , thank you , D.H.
 Better than perfect.It worked out less than the gold itself is worth . Came overnight which is a first for me ever !!!
 Great 14k yellow gold chain . Weight of this chain is approx . 39.1 g. Still a great deal . If you consider buying by the gram . Which is about $ 12 - $ 13USD . Per gram . Approx . 7.2 mm wide . The same chain would sale for $ 600 - $ 700 + in jewelry stores , and in most jewelry websites . Would recommend it 100 % . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 I am very happy with it . perfit size , not to small not to big very good weight on my wrist .
 I do n't often write reviews of things like this , but the service I received on this Christmas gift for somebody was rather extraordinary.Not only did I receive these cufflinks fast as lightening -- faster than amazon promised -- and all the way from Italy at an incredibly low shipping price -- but the cufflinks were beautiful , and they were presented in a box that screamed `` classy gift '' and made me feel very proud to present them.The company carefully left out any receipts or mention of pricing anywhere within the packaging . The invoice was taped to the outside , easily removed , and everything else , carefully and elaborately wrapped , was totally clear of any tacky paperwork.I recommend this company .
 This is a beautiful chain , with nice weight , and nicely faceted to catch the light . It is also well constructed . The color is not too `` gold '' , so it does n't look like more than 14k . I was looking for a good value , and not something that looked or felt skimpy . This is it !
 This product was very well made . I had to send it back only because my husband decided that he wanted a bracelet instead of necklace . But this necklace was gorgeous .
 This is a gorgeous armoire , I love it . It has 6 LOCKING drawers which is great . The only concern is that it says `` walnut '' for the color and it 's actually cherry wood color .
 I have the same pair of earrings in another color and I love both ! The Garnet and Citrine are a perfect match . They are both neutral colors and go with just about anything in your wardrobe . Great style and lovely colors .
 This is my favorite everyday wear bracelet , it is elegant , classy looking and goes with everything . Another fantastic find on Amazon .
 This bracelet is a good value for money . It looks good . No issue of color change as mentioned in the other review till now . I am satisfied with the bracelet and would recommend it to anyone who is looking at this item right now .
 I could n't believe the price on this bracelet . I was worried it would be of inferior quality , but it was n't . My fiance loves it ! He 's allergic to most metals with nickel in them , but this does n't bother him at all . It is gorgeous too !! We plan on having it appraised at our local jeweler , so I will update this review then to reflect the outcome of the appraisal .
 I got this item about three months ago . It 's still nice and shiny . I do n't see the issue mentioned by the other reviewer . Maybe I 'm lucky so far.It 's a little big for me . Maybe I should considering give this to my brother . But overall , it 's a nice bracelet .
 I just received this Curb Link bracelet and I love it . The cost was phenomenal , the shipping was fast , and the packing was very articulate . Thanks for helping me with my Christmas Shopping .
 I just received this item in time to give to my husband for Christmas , and I am so pleased . What do you give to the love of your life ? This is perfect and worth its weight in gold . Masculine but not gawdy , understated but still substantial . In a word - classic .
 I do n't use it because somehow my ears become very inflamed and swelled after using this earrings . Though it could be my personal allergy .
 I got these earrings to match a ring that I recently bought at an artshow . They are lovely earrings that have a beautiful color to them . I use these as my everyday earrings ... they go with everything and are simple & elegrant ... I would love a mathcing bracelet to match !
 I ordered these earring 's as a birthday gift for my mom , and was very happy with the color , style , and shape . The product shipped relativly quick . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was for the size -LRB- smaller than I anticipated -RRB- and the packaging . They came in an ugly little velvet bag with silver speck written across it . I would buy a box for them if they are a gift . Otherwise good quality .
 For 7.99 , you are getting sterling silver and real Opal stones ? Woah ... this is a deal ... only reason I put four is because I wish it came in a gift box
 These earrings are clearish-blue . The inclusions remind me of glitter . Nicely set . Looking forward to wearing them !
 This tag is just as it looks and heavy metal - not lightweight aluminum . Bright colors . Really like this tag .
 Tiny little silver spoon , not old at all but adorable ! I was expecting something bigger but was actually quite happy to get this one , since I 'd also wanted something small enough to compliment an old silver-plate mustard cellar for a while now .
 I use this whistle to call 2 very active English Setters -LRB- as pretty as this whistle -RRB- . It 's small so a bit harder to use than a purely functional whistle , but since I was wearing a whistle full time it 's much nicer to wear and does the trick.Has a nicer sound than some inexpensive whistles I 've bought , just takes practice getting my lips set `` just so '' to get the best sound . Does exactly what is is designed to do.Still wearing , using and enjoying this whistle in 2011 . I wear it as jewelry and use it almost every day on walks with the dogs . Lots of complements and lots of good use .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law -LRB- a dog lover -RRB- to get the attention of our 8 year old twins when they are out of shouting distance . It works great ! Loud , sharp whistle with a stylish look .
 A little smaller and lighter than I expected but very nice . Made in Thailand so I worry about the labor source but I 'm keeping them .
 I am so pleased with these earrings ! I started shopping around for other sterling silver earrings in the brick and mortar stores after I placed this order because I was getting a little nervous about whether they 'd arrive on time -LRB- I needed to have them by 12/22 -RRB- . There is just nothing out there that compares with these ! The cost was reasonable ; the silver is actually sterling silver , and the quality and workmanship is great , very lustrous , no rough edges or thin areas . The size is neither too large nor small , and the design is very unusual ; nothing I had seen in the stores comes close in uniqueness . I only wish I had purchased another 2 pairs to give as another Christmas gift and one for myself . Do n't hesitate in buying these if you think you or someone you know might like them !
 Got these in the mail today and was pleased with the quality . These earrings are n't cheap thin little things they actually have a little weight to them and have a very nice mirrored finish .
 It 's a beautiful celtic style silver jewelry . Just loved it . I was expecting a little bit bigger earrings , but it looks great .
 I bought these to match a pendant that had already been given to me . The earrings are well made , light and very pretty ! Also , I recieved the items before the estimated date , and that always makes me happy ~ I would buy from them again .
 I ordered these earrings on a Sunday , and by Wednesday it was in my hands . I like the black velvet bag it comes inside , and the earrings themselves were in great shape . Not quite as round as they looked -LRB- more a vertical oval -RRB- but just as pretty as I thought they 'd be . Next time , they 're going to me mine , not just a gift for someone else .
 These earrings are a bit larger than I would normally wear since I have rather small ears but they look great and are n't too heavy . The quality is better than I expected . I am thrilled with this purchase and will buy from Silver Insanity again !
 The earrings arrived in 2 or three days , and I did not pay much extra for the shipping . They arrived in good shape -LRB- all shiny and new looking -RRB- , packaged well in a little plastic bag as well as a cloth pouch . Very happy with this order .
 I am so happy with these earrings ! They are made beautifully , light weight and shiny . And they are marked as 925 sliver . I love them and can recommend them highly . I 've already gotten several compliments on them .
 This is beautiful pair of earrings . Brilliant shine , not heavy and a great size . Very enjoyable to wear and they gather compliments .
 The dangles are just the right size and length . They are light to wear , but have enough weight that they stay in place . They go with just about any kind of clothing-from jeans to dresses .
 I absolutely love these earrings . Very well made , beautiful design and a lot of silver !
 Absolutely beautiful ... possibly the best set of earring I own . Looks great with everything , and looks great with different hairstyles . It also catches the sun really well and looks pretty because of the celtic knot . If you are planning to buy this item because you like it from the picture , I suggest you buy it without a doubt . They 're the perfect size , and they look just like they do in the picture . I 'm very happy with my purchase = -RRB-
 I was n't sure what I was expecting , but I took a risk , I thought the silver was n't going to be sturdy but the earrings are super sturdy and well-made . They 're also very light , lighter than I expected but they add a great finishing touch to any outfit . A great buy !
 These Celtic Knot Hoop Dangle Earrings arrived before Christmas . I gave them to my two daughters who like to collect Celtic Jewelry . They both loved them . They are unusual and very elegant . They were also the size I expected them to be . Great product !
 These classy earrings look good either in the office or out on the town . They are medium sized , large enough to be seen even if your hair is thick and long , but not so large that they overpower . The simple Celtic design complements a variety of clothing and hair styles . The earrings are also comfortable to wear all day . I 've worn these many times over the past few months and they remain in perfect condition -- no problems with tarnishing or discoloration . Wear them at work with a soft dress for a relaxed , yet professional look . Or , try them with a sexy black top and see if they do not make your man a little crazy !
 I was pleased how quickly the earrings arrived and with the quality of the earrings .
 I love these earrings . I have had so many nice complements . I tell everyone I got them at Amazon , and to check out the maker , Silver Insanity , as well . I also liked the little tarnish-resistant pouch the earrings came in-a really thoughtful touch .
 I received these earrings as a birthday gift about nine months ago and I wear them everyday and everywhere . They are light but never fall off and go with any kind of outfit from church to jeans and a t-shirt .
 My husband got me this for our anniversary . I 've been wanting a new band to go with a very nice engagement ring that he had made for me . This little band matches my engagement band very nicely ! When it arrived we realized that we had n't ordered correctly and the size was wrong . I emailed the company and they replaced with with the correct size . No problems . I was very happy with the company , Cool Styles ! Of course it 's hard to buy jewelry without seeing it and trying it on . This band is a little thinner -LRB- thickness wise -RRB- than I thought it should be . But for the price , it is a good deal .
 I was definitely happy with the 1/10 ct Diamond Anniversary band . It was a great compliment for the Engagement ring I got for my Wife . It has milgrained edges that matched perfectly beside her 18k white gold 1.2 ct Tiffany Legacy style ring and it was for $ 500 less than the band that was supposed to match it ! Very happy
 I bought this for my wife in the hopes it would be a great piece of casual wear jewelry . It is all that and more . She was thrilled when I gave it to her , and it goes well with a sweater and jeans or a nice blue dress . I am thrilled with the quality and the value . Service from Dahlia was great -LRB- as always -RRB- and I am a loyal customer because they have earned it .
 I recieved a pair of these earrings for my birthday -LCB- Jan -RCB- , garnet is my birthstone . They are lovely , and I wear them all the time . The earrings are light-weight that they do n't pull on my ears , and short enough that they do n't appear too dress . Definely a pair of earrings you can wear with jeans , or a dress !
 These earings are beautiful . I get so many compliments on them . They are a bit heavier than I thought they would be , but no problem .
 These were very nice garnet clip earrings . The color is a nice blue-red and the earrings are well made . When worn , the earrings look small and dignified .
 I really like this pendant , it has great contrast . Can you make one of garnet , turquoise ? Do you have matching earrings ?
 The quality/workmanship of the necklace is very good . I bought this for my daughter 's birthday . She likes the looks of the necklace off , but has never worn it because it does n't lay just right on when it is around her neck .
 I sleep with this necklace and I am hard on jewelry ... it still has not broken.I love it .
 This was a really nice piece and made a lovely gift for a family member.Shipping was also very fast and they communicate well.Also please note I gave this to a beautiful older woman who very much appreciated it and was immediatly told by her 21 year old daughter that she would be borrowing it often.Point
 I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America , I live in France , so it 's difficult to choose far away , I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was !
 I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America , I live in France , so it 's difficult to choose far away , I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was !
 i got this ring engraved for my boyfriend for valentines and it was perfect!quick delivery and came in a fantasic ring box!will us you again
 like the other reviews said , it 's not as shiny as it appears to be in the pic but still it 's good quality . My finance liked it a lot : - -RRB-
 i really think the band is very stylish , and it fits vry neat ... i truely am pleased with my purchase ... i will continue to look at the nice jewlery you guys have to offer ... thank you so much for giving very professional service ... i appreciate your service ...
 I ordered this for my pinky and it fits great and looks good + it hasnt given me a rash yet : D
 This ring is fantastic , came in a beautiful heart-shaped box and is very very nicelooking . I 'm 20 year old and got normalsized hands , and size 5 fits me perfectly !! I was worried it would be too big but it 's exactly right!My girlfriend got bigger hands and she wanted it on her pinky finger , but it was too big for the pinky and too small for the ringfinger ... so size five would have been great on her . she got big hands for a girl though . .
 The chain is very very think and fragile-looking -- more metal thread like than chain . The necklace is , overall , smaller than what one expects of a usual necklace .
 this pendant is beautiful !! just a little sparkle around your neck.perfect to wear every day .
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 We bought this as a baptism gift for an 18-month-old . It came quickly , was packaged nicely , and was absolutely beautiful . The bracelet fit her perfectly .
 First & Foremost I 'd like to thank Silver Insanity for selling such a wonderful item . I ordered this ring on the 16th of July and when I checked the tracking it listed that the estimated arrival would be on the 21st . When I came home tonight after a long day at a concert , I noticed that it came in the mail.Very fast delivery and excellent quality !!! I 'm in love with the great detail that it provides , Just like the picture ! I do n't usually wear rings , but I think this will be on my finger for a long while . You get the beautifully designed ring along with a velvet -LRB- not sure if it is or not , but it 's somewhat soft -RRB- pouch to keep it in when not wearing . Would possibly be a great Birthday or Christmas gift . I would recommend this to anyone who likes spiders or is into the Gothic Look.I FREAKING LOVE THIS RING !!!! : D
 Exactly what I wanted for the Halloween season to wear at work - fun with not gaudy ; classic but not out of hand ; excellent quality ; will order from these folks again !
 The earrings I recently ordered my daughter are very nice ; I never thought black onyx spider earrings could be so classy ! I 've purchased from Silver Insanity in the past , and I trust their commitment to excellence and unique jewelry designs , at very affordable prices .
 The silver spider earrings were perfect . Just what my Halloween costume needed . I wore them the entire week of Halloween every day.Great shipping time well packaged . + + + + +
 Really like these earrings ! Fourth time I have ordered from Silver Insanity and I have never been disappointed ! Plan to order 2 more pair to give as Halloween surprises to friends . Could even get away with wearing these when it is not Halloween season
 this is awesome - but you need the whole set - it rox and you 'll get some great compliments !!
 The earrings are beautiful ! I paid a fair price , and the product arrived before I expected it to . I will be using this vendor again !
 Great for Halloween but I wear mine all the time because I simply like spiders ! The earrings are beautifully made and hang perfectly when worn . I bought the matching pendant which is just as lovely . Ca n't go wrong with this purchase . Fast shipping and well packed .
 These earrings are very nice . They 're not cheap looking -- something I despise in jewelry . They are a bit heavy , but there 's a lot of earring there , so I 'm not really surprised . I would recommend .
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 Product looks exactly as represented , except they were a little larger than expected . Very pretty though . Arrived quickly , too .
 This is beautiful , much nicer than in the picture . It 's very light and the cord is pretty comfortable . It 's also excellent value , and there was free shipping , too . I am very happy with this necklace .
 These are pretty little earrings , I worried they were going to be tiny little things , really cheap , but they are n't . I like them.I bought them as a gift , so I have n't actually tried them on myself , and the only thing I might change about them is maybe lowering the location to more center of the heart on the back , so less of a chance of them flopping -LRB- pointing downwards -RRB- when fastened on the earlobe . I plan on getting a set for myself if I 'm able to.Delivery was prompt etc also :-RRB- .
 Additional diamond accent not needed , overall solid earrings . My son picked it out for me for Christmas , I wear them every day .
 I bought these earrings as a gift . The person I bought them for loved them and wears them often . The quality was very good and they looked better in person then the picture reflected .
 I was looking for this kind of ring all this passed summer . The product itself fits perfect and looks great with my other rings . I do with it was less chinese dragon like and it rapped around my finger but it is still cool .
 Im quite happy with the ringm quality is amazing and totally in love with it . Thanks a lot and will keep shoppping with you .
 I REALLY love this ring ! I was a little hesitant about buying it because the face is a little ugly . It looks exactly like the picture . I can however overlook that , because of its other qualities . It fits nice , its not bulky or uncomfortable . It doesnt look or feel cheap . I even stepped on it , by accident of course , and it retained its shape . -LRB- my foot did not come out of the encounter so well . -RRB- If I lost it , I would buy it again .
 I ordered eight navel rings , mostly out of curiosity : Sapphire Blue GEM DRAGONFLY Belly Ring , Spiral Twister - Arctic Blast BEACH BALL Belly Button Ring , White Puprle PANDA BALL Belly Button Ring , Blue DOUBLE CABACHON Banana Belly Ring , Pink GLITTER Spiral Twister Belly Ring , Crystalline Gem DISCO BALL Glitter Belly Ring , Fuchsia Gem DAINTY BUTTERFLY Belly Button Ring , andWhite Clear PANADA BALL Belly Button Ring . Normally I buy them from the kiosk in the mall for $ 25-30 each . Sometimes the kiosk has a deal for when you spend a $ 100 or more , but even with the deal , they are terribly overpriced.THESE ARE THE SAME as the kind in the mall . Side by side , they are the same quality . They look the same , they feel the same , they are the same . The only difference is that they have not been handled by sales clerks and strangers in the mall . Oh , and the price is not the same.I 've discovered that I go through these like earrings . Either a part falls off or catches on clothing and it 's all over . All of my favorite ones have been ruined . One part is gone and they need to be thrown away . It 's not good to get too ` attached . ' I bought these from Body Candy . They arrived in a few days , much earlier than the date given on purchase , and the prices were excellent .
 I have purchased other items from this seller and never have been disappointed . Product is nice , service is fine .
 Many times stones are enlarged when you see pictures of jewelry and you 're disappointed when they arrive . The pictures for this item are not deceptive -- what you see is what you get . The bracelet has nice large , beautiful stones and it 's got some weight to it.The stones shine in the light and the bracelet looks beautiful . It 's definitely worth the money !
 These cufflinks were beautiful ! They complimented my husband 's tux very well , and they were very easy to use . They were a nice weight also .
 They were at an excellent price and I received and email in a short time after ordering them that they were in stock and on their way to me . I received them in the mail on Christmas Eve day so they made an excellent present to myself . Thank you
 The pendant was just as described when I received it , it was really more detailed than I thought it would be everything about it is so detailed really done by a pro I love it and will shop more with this jeweler in the near furture and as far as price up with the market and shipping was super fast in all my rating is a AAAAA + could not be no better Your 's truly a amazon.com shopper ...
 I bought this to replace a bracelet that I use to own that broke . It 's beautiful , and I love it ! So glad I looked on Amazonand found it . I could n't believe my luck in the beauty or the price . Thanks !
 This ring is exactly what I was looking for as far as style , size , color , etc. . . plus I think it 's cute . I was most pleased that is has a solid , quality , feel to it . I was worried it would feel cheap and tinny . I 've been wearing it daily since I got it , and it is very comfortable . Came nicely packaged too .
 The item looks beautiful as it showed in the picture . The size is a little bit big . I just hope it would be a little bit smaller The quality is good . Overall , it worth the money you pay .
 Yes , these earrings are a part of me . I always wear them in any ocassions , casual or formal.I ordered rose gold and It 's so pretty . The size is just enough .
 I could not believe the quality of this bracelet for the price . It has four nice size garnets , linked with delicate but strong Celtic knot work . It 's not too small either . I hate bracelets that are hard to fastening because there is play in them . The quality is such you would expect to pay twice there easily for this wonderful bracelet . I have already given on away as a thank you present .
 The chain looks thinner that I expected . However , the quality seems very good , although I am no jewelry expert . I got 2 for my twin boys who are 5 months old . They wear it with their Christening cross pendant and it looks very handsome . Furthermore , they are at the age where the pull at everything that gets into their tiny fists and this chain , although thin , has been up to the abuse .
 The earrings were a Christmas present for my 21 year old daughter who is in the USAirforce and thankfully home for the holidays . They were a great gift which she loves . Not only are they fantastic they were packaged beautifully . Even though I ordered them very close to Christams they arrived in time .
 This is the first time I ever recieved a next day order , the next day !!! Great Job !
 The ring arrived with a few scratches , but it is going to get scratches anyways during wear . Very nice ring , even showed up as insured mail .
 So you went through the pain -LRB- or bliss , whichever floats your boat -RRB- of getting a belly button ring ... now lo and behold you find yourself pregnant ! Oh dear ! Well , you do n't have to fret ... you can still manage to be the ` hot mama ' you once were BC -LRB- Before Children -RRB- with this belly button ring ! It 's awesomely easy to size and extremely comfortable ! I was able to wear it all the way up to delivery , and would have kept it in if they could have somehow scrubbed it in for the C-section . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 out of 5 is because at first after I cut it to the right size , it was a tad bit difficult to screw the little ball on ... but that is basically because putting on ANY jewelry when you 're pregnant is rather ... trying to say the least ... but trying to line up a little ball on a little flexible ` stick ' while trying to screwing it on straight at the tip of your bulging -LRB- and kicking -RRB- belly is a feat even for pre-preggo 's . Other than that , it 's a definite ` must buy ' if you wan na keep bringing sexy back while you 're pregnant : o -RRB-
 I love these earrings , they were bought as a replacement for a pair that was stolen from me . These are as beautiful as the original ones I owned . Fred Meyer 's has excellent customer service , I had a problem with Fed Ex delivery which was promptly solved with one call to Fred Meyer 's .
 This is just what I was looking for ! As I read in other reviews , I cut the bar into two pieces . One was one-third the original size , the other was the remaining two-thirds . My intent was to start with the ` one-third ' and if it showed signs of becoming too small I 'd switch to the ` two-thirds ' . Well I 'm at 32 weeks now and I 'm sure I will not outgrow the ` one-third ' piece . Plenty of space .
 This arrived in 2 days - amazing customer service . I bought 2 of these pregnancy rings to use as barbells for my industrial piercing , and they 're great . I would recommend these to anyone looking for a unique barbell to wear in an industrial/scaffolding piercing , as well as to any pregnant woman looking to preserve her navel piercing . Great product !
 This necklace is simply beautiful and is elegant . I received one as a new year present and I 'm very impressed with the very high quality of this product . The shell itself is extremely pretty and looks very expensive . The dots on the top look extremely classic and is a great addition to the pendant . The only complaint that I have is the chain . The rope chain does n't really go with the pendant but overall
 The pendant is a heavy weight with a sturdy heavy weight chain . It is much better looking in person!A steal at $ 10 !
 These earrings look even better in ` real life ' . The details are well done and the length is perfect - not too long , not too short .
 Unlike the other customers I found the ring to be of high quality and it is a very lovely stone .
 This pendant is even lovelier than it looks in the picture . I wore it at a wedding and I received plenty of compliments . I am definitely happy I bought it -- and at a great price .
 Very beautiful ! I bought it for a bridesmaids gift for one of my girls , but I think I 'll be buying one for myself . Elegant and different .
 This necklace was much prettier than I imagined it would be . It has a very nice size pendant that grabs the light and shows it off nicely .
 I was very pleased with the quality of these earrings for the low price . Awesome deal !
 I received this item from a good friend for my 25th birthday , and it is simply beautiful . It 's quite simple and very classy . The pink is very subtle .
 I was extremely impressed by the quality of both the pendant and the chain . The rose quartz is very nicely polished and has a very unique character to it . I do n't think two of these would ever be identical . The setting for the stone is modest and unassuming and goes perfectly with the quartz . The setting has one interesting feature that I had to `` fix '' . Instead of just being a loop for the chain to run through , it is actually a clasp on the back and can be opened in order to remove the pendant from the chain -LRB- though the chain is small enough to not need to -RRB- . The problem was that it seemed to open of its own volition . A dab of hot glue stopped that and did not detract from the jewelry . The chain itself is a nice 18 '' silver snake chain . It goes well with the pendant and has a decent quality clasp . I recommend this necklace to anyone who is looking for a very nicely priced rose quartz and silver necklace and does n't want anything `` gaudy '' .
 This is a gorgeous necklace ! The simple styling make it appropriate for both casual and dressy attire . You can adjust the length of the necklace with the excess chain . Take a look at the matching earrings , it 's a great set .
 Nothing expensive , but it 's well made and looks great . My wife still wears this from time to time .
 I got this bracelet as a Christmas gift . It is absolutely gorgeous in person , the picture online does not do it justice . It 's very eye-catching but not gaudy . I 've gotten several compliments on it just since Christmas . My one complaint is that due to the size and shape of the stones , and how close they are to the clasp , it 's a little difficult for me to actually put it on myself - I always need someone to clasp it for me . But that 's really a minor thing and I 'm sure if I worked at it , I could do it myself eventually .
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 These are beautiful earrings . I am very happy with them they look as good in reality as they do in the picture . I had originally bought them as a gift but did n't arrive in time for Christmas so I kept them for myself . I am happy I did because I was complimented on them the first time I wore them .
 These are truly beautiful earrings - at least for some ears . For me for instance , they look great , but my friend has attached earlobes , and they did n't look too great on her . They are very beautifully designed , and if you have the money , I 'd say it 's worth it . I would n't wear them on casual occasions in my opinion . I think they are better for formal attires .
 I did n't find these earrings to be larger than expected , nor did I -LRB- or any of the people I came across while wearing them today -RRB- find them to look fake . The stones are sky blue and perfectly clear . The settings are durable , well made and fit exactly as stated , with the stones hanging just under the earlobe . Several people commented on them , as well as asked the coveted `` where-did-you-get-those '' question . I 'm very pleased with this purchase !
 I bought these earrings at a great cost and when they arrived in less then two days I was amazed on the beauty of them . I had about four compliments on them in one day !!!!
 I just bought these for my moms for mother 's day and they both Just loved them . They really were gorgeous .
 Just what we 've been looking for - a graduation gift that 's both trendy and affordable.Most of us know that anything on a leather cord is considered `` in '' by sweet young things . So to find this onyx and pearl pendant on said cord was a happy surprise.A pearl is , of course , a classic fashion statement , and the addition of the leather cord makes it state of the art.Plus , the price is right ! We think the grads we know and love will be delighted !
 I saw this in my goldbox and was attracted by the product description . I especially liked the fact that despite its very simple modern style , every component is real stuff . I received my necklace in very nice packaging and ca n't be more pleased . Everybody who saw me wear this told me how nice it looked on me . It can be a really lovely gift for yourself or your friends .
 My daughter received this necklace as a gift for her birthday from her grandfather and it is not only beautiful but so well made . The chain is nice and strong and the 16 inch length is perfect for her.Thanks Grandpa !
 This necklace was above my expectation . You will not go wrong if you purchase it , it is just simply gorgeous .
 i think that my friend is going to like this earrings , so if she likes it i know you lot will want it so you to go to this website amazon.com you could give it to your freind or your girlfiend or maybe your mum i am sure she will be proud of you
 Wonderful Piece of fairly priced jewelry that looks stunning on.Appears much more expensive than the purchase price.Really nice deal .
 After looking on numerous sites for a Sterling Omega at a reasonable price , I found this one on `` old reliable '' Amazon.com . Description failed to show the width of the chain so I inquired to the original review customer and she advised that it is approx . 7mm + and that the photo does not do justice to the Omega ; I took her advice , ordering early in case I had to return it . My only regret ... I did n't order 2 or 3 more of this item ! I bought the chain with the included onyx slide-pendant though I was not shopping for a pendant - but after I put these two pieces together it became obvious that they were meant to `` be together '' ! If you are undecided about the quality of this extremely underpriced set - you are passing up the bargain of the season !!! I was adamantly convinced that Sterling Silver could NEVER be a substitute for the elegance and quality of white gold ... this is one time I am not ashamed to admit that I WAS WRONG !
 I had bought the matching necklace and was very happy . The bracelet was more beautiful than i thought it would be . I wore it last week on a cruise i went on with my husband for our 25th anniversary . I got so many complements on it too . I bought a lot of other jewelry to match my gowns from you also . Thanx
 The look is great - and it is a great value , so I bought the matching bracelet . I have no complaints - and have received only compliments from everyone who sees this necklace !
 The stones of this necklace r very shining and clear , I think my gf 's sister will like it , I am also thinking about buying the matching bracelet for her birthday .
 It 's a beautiful necklace and there are matching ear rings that can be bought to go with it . The company delivered in a rapid response also . Highly recommended .
 They did have the backings with them by the way :--RRB- These were nice pretty earrings for the price , the only thing I did n't like was on the back of the earrings where the mother of pearl is , you could see a little glue .
 These earrings are so pretty . I also bought the matching , bracelet and necklace . Nice quality and heavy wires . Not flimsy like some silver wires . Nice size too . Very elegant looking .
 I had an allergic reaction to it . Some sterling silver causes me to have an allergic reaction depending on how and where it is manufactured.I love the bracelet and am going to try using clear nail polish on the inner surfaces that touch my skin , hopefully that will work .
 This necklace is just beautiful . I also bought the bracelet and matching earrings . The pendant on this bracelet is much larger and heavier in person than it looks in the picture . Very very nice quality silver and onyx . Looks like you would pay much more for a piece this size .
 I got this bracelet on my 13th birthday . It 's really cool because it 's adjustable so it fit my wrist perfectly and it was made even more special
 This necklace is beautiful , shines and lays very nicely . The clasp is not an O clasp , but a very tiny lobster clasp that is very hard for people without nails or people with arthritis to work . I have to put it on with the clasp in the front and in front of a mirror . I fumble with the clasp a lot , it 's very difficult to put on . Other than that , it 's a pretty necklace and a great value .
 These silver , amethyst and iolite earrings -LRB- I got another pair of the same earrings in different combination of stones -- yellow-green peridot and pale blue topaz -RRB- are really well-made , strong , delicate , pretty , classy and work well with everything except fancy eveningwear . Though they are earwire earrings , because of the nice weight and balance , I do n't worry about losing them . Yet I do n't even feel them when I have them on . They make me want to tie my hair back so everyone can see them . They 're a great buy , too !
 My husband got me these earrings as a Valentines Day present . I love them ! The garnets are beautiful ! I would recomend wearing some kind of stopper on the backs though , they tend to come off if you do n't . I almost lost mine the first night I got them . Overall I would say , deffinately worth buying ! Looks lovely with casual or dressy attire .
 I gave these earrings to my soon-to-be 9 year old granddaughter for valentine 's day . She absolutely loved them . It was hard to get her to wear anything else for weeks .
 She is a big fan of red , and she said that she really liked these earrings when she got them . I was somewhat afraid since I have no sense of style or fashion when it comes to women , so i was happy she enjoyed them . I would recommend them since they were relatively inexpensive and she liked them alot .
 I bought these earrings for my daughter for her birthday . The Garnet is very pretty and shows up well . These were a great value for the money and my daughter wears them often .
 I was pleasantly surprised - my first on-line jewelry purchase . These are very pretty and elegantly packaged .
 Would like to know the size of these earrings ... Such as length . . Thank you .
 These are so pretty , I bought all three pieces . The bracelet , necklace and earrings . They are just beautiful . Nice quality silver and black onyx . The bracelet closes with a latch that is very easy to do . I have a hard time with your typical closures on most bracelets . I 'm hoping some day I can find the ring that matches .
 These earrings are smaller than the pendant which I think looks much better than having the pendant and earrings the same size . They are very sparkly - moreso than the picture and very solid . I also bought the necklace that goes with it and the pendant is absolutely beautiful but the chain I 'm not super into so I 'm using a white gold 16 inch chain I have . The one it came with is very strong and obviously very good quality but a little to thick for my taste . Beautiful jewelry and makes me feel and look like a princess !!! Thanks Amazon !
 Trusted Amazon and felt they would sell only the best for me at a great price ... right ? They hit the ball out of the park!These earrings are hefty weight without being `` heavy '' . Stones have gorgeous coloring , and the cut must be incredible because they sparkle sparkle sparkle.At the price ... I am ordering a few more pairs for my family ... and that order will be free shipping so how fabulous is that !?
 I ordered three pair of these earrings for Christmas gifts for the preteen set and am absolutely delighted . Very nice quality and beautifully presented , boxed in a small velvet pouch . Absolute perfection !
 I was looking for the perfect cross to wear as a necklace . I also wanted one with my birthstone in the middle . It was a reasonable price and I loved the look of the black accented by the silver . I did not like the the chain that came with the cross , but I could buy another one cheap enough elsewhere . This was a great item .
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 This bracelet is so well-made and attractive ! There 's pretty-and-witty visual interplay in the textures , colors , and shapes of the faceted transparent gems , the polished , opaque semi-precious stones , and the silver links and bezel settings . I love this bracelet , and I 'll probably wear it more than any other . I have it on now with jeans and a sweater , and I could wear it as well witha suit , or to a beach party , or almost anywhere . It would look good with almost anything . It has a nice weight , too . Someone should take another photo of it , though ! It looks way better than the photo posted when I bought it -- I was really worried about it until it came , and then I was so happy-happy !
 The quality and workmanship on these earrings is quite good . I 've received numerous complements on these -- a really good buy !
 I absolutely loved these earings however while on vacation in GA a couple of years ago I lost one and was very upset since they were so lovely .
 Love , love , love this ring ! I bought it to match some other frog jewelry I own -LRB- earrings and necklace -RRB- and it was a wonderful match . Well made . The Japanese believe frogs to be good luck , and fortune frogs are meant to be a charm to ensure a safe trip home . This frog ring is a small subtle note of luck .
 this was just the right gift for a frog loving family member ! It was just the right fit and arrived in a very timely manner .
 It is pretty and makes me feel very girly . The jingle noise annoys one of my sons . I think it is the noise that makes me feel like like a woman . The matching anklet is pretty too . Definitely makes you stand out in a crowd !
 My fianc&eacute; gave me this bracelet as a birthday gift and I just fell in love with it the moment I saw it . It makes me feel very girly and jingle attracts a lot of attention , most of it good . Recently , I 've been going through a girly change of style and this is the perfect piece of jewelry to add to pretty much any outfit .
 QUALITY SILVER BRACELET - BELLS HADA NICE TINKLE TO THEM - ADDED ACRYSTAL HEART TO THE BRACELETAND GAVE IT AS A VALENTINE 'S GIFT - WONDERFUL BRACELET
 I love this , but it is quite delicate , you must be careful with in when wearing it , perhaps it would have been better as a bracelet instead of an anklet . The service was great and it was shipped in a timely manner .
 I enjoy the anklet . It arrived quickly and the quality and size are just what I was looking for . The price was an added bonus .
 This is really cute , but what I got was not like the picture . I still liked it though ... the bells make cute `` ching-ching '' sounds .
 Chain is very sturdy . Disappointed in `` chim bells '' on it . They jangle rather than chime . Not what I was looking for .
 this is so cute , and stylish for toddler girls . got to get one for your little princess !
 Just like this photo ! Exactly the same ! I 'm amazed , 'cause I myself am in this on-line shopping business all these years and I thought I know what to expect for on-line shopping ... never expect the exact color/shape/size what you are looking at , but this one ! Beautiful green , detailed silver decolation , perfect . I am so happy to perchase this wonderful piece . Thank you .
 i bought this product for a family member on december 20th , and i needed it by the 24th to give it to them . so i paid priority shipping , a and amazon.com told me it would be delivered at my house either before or on the 24th . so on christmas eve as i 'm pacing back and forth for the mail man , he finally came with it in hand . the pendant was absolutly stunning , and i was thanful it came before the christmas party started . it wasnt too chuncky , just the right size , i would say the rose quartz donut was a little bit bigger than a quarter . but it 3was amazing . whenever i buy from amazon.com , the item either is juat as , if not more beautiul as the picture . this i would say was more beautiful then the picture and i was VERY happy with this purchase .
 Have not had ring sized yet . Will review to make sure it does n't bend like last ring I bought .
 Beautiful ring with a striking setting -- the prongs make the ring look medieval.But , -LRB- there always is a `` but '' , is n't there ? -RRB- -- the prongs seem to catch on almost everything they touch . So you have to be very careful if you are goimg to wear this ring out and about . It is rather disconcerting to keep checking the ring every few minutes , just to make sure you have not displaced the stone by catching the prongs on some such materisl.I would not buy another ring with the same setting -- although the setting is attractive .
 This is a beautiful necklace and well worth the price ! The picture does not do it justice . The stones are clear and have lovely color ! I recommend this to anyone considering it . You will not be disappointed .
 This is a beautiful necklace , and looks like it 's made of good quality materials . I have n't had it long enough to testify to the longevity of the piece , but the chain is surprisingly sturdy , and the stone is securely set . The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of 5 stars is the size . The description is a bit misleading . This pendant is TINY . Really , really tiny . It is just over half an inch long , and unless you read the description at the bottom , the picture at the top next to the measurement is inaccurate , at least according to my ruler at home . But it is definitely worth getting , especially at such a great price . It would be a perfect gift , too ! It is pretty and shiny and just a really nice looking little piece .
 This jewelry box is a compact and beautiful way to store a complete jewelry set . It stores an elegant set so that when opened it shows the entire set beautifully .
 I used this bracelet to put together a charm bracelet using the lobster claw charms from SheBeads . It worked out nicely . The links are chunky enough to make a nice stand alone bracelet , but small enough to work great with charms .
 I purchased this bracelet for my daughter for Christmas . Since her wrists are a little large , it worked for her perfectly.Fast shipping and excellent service.The bracelet is beautiful , well made , dainty and she loves it.I have purchased from Silver Insanity before and always have very good luck with them.Again , this is a dainty bracelet ; if you are looking for a heavier one , this will probably not fill your need .
 I purchased this as a gift for my fiancee and have yet to give it to her , but upon inspection I am VERY satisfied with my purchase . The links are smaller than I had visualized , but it 's not a bad thing . It just makes the chain that much more feminine.Quality upon first glance seems solid . It looks like a nice piece of silver jewelry . Love the look of the double links.Highly recommended , especially for the price . Will follow up if I discover any negative aspects of it .
 I purchased this item not knowing what I was going to receive ... Upon receving it ... I was very impressed on its weight , and appearance , I love it and well worth it .
 Brought this case to carry different items for cruise . Especially like the area for necklaces and chains . Plenty of room for rings , earrings and other jewelry . Also space for new purchases .
 My wife looks like a million dollars with these on , especially when she 's wearing them with Guerlain KissKiss Lipstick , in Very Gold of course . What an awesome combination , I mean , really powerful stuff.Plain gold hoops are classic and classy , even when they 're big , as this pair is . These are not Foxy Cleopatra , dinner-plate big , but they 're certainly above average , which makes them a standout . They make themselves known whether her hair is down or up , and they always look magnificent . I 've heard these things called `` whore hoops , '' and could not disagree more . That 's a sad and dated attitude , and is just plain wrong . When I become Philospher-King , every woman will get a set of these , free , and should wear them often.The one serious drawback to these earrings is that because the hoop is so big , there is a relatively large amount of flex and give in the hoop . This is a function of its diameter and weight . My wife and I discovered very quickly that the posts for these earrings are not long enough to compensate for the give and flex of the earrings as the wearer moves around , especially when walking . So , they tend to fall out ; the post slips from its hole behind the ear , slides out of the earlobe , and is out and off . If you 're not paying attention , you can lose this earring in a heartbeat , and that 's an expensive loss.We fixed this relatively quickly by taking the earrings to the local jeweler , who added about 4mm to each post . This keeps the earrings on just fine . But mind you
 The package arrived 2 days early.There is a little cute black gift box which looks great and the necklace is perfect.Totally satisfied .
 I feel you should know before you buy the product that if it comes with a chain . Because on the page it seemed as if it did n't come with a chain but luckily for me it did . The picture for this product was great and that 's how it looked . The description was absolutely perfect and it was the necklace I bought . Besides that the necklace came as promised and it came faster than I expected it to come and the product description was great except I was n't sure if it came with a chain .
 I recieved this Ammonite pendant from my husband as a gift for Christmas . It really is very beautiful . It is very well made , the silver is very good quality . I placed it on a black leather cord and I wear it as a choker . I absolutely love it , it is worth every penny .
 The picture does not show the beauty of this bracelet . I 've had so many complimetnts when I wear it . For the price , you ca n't beat it . Great price , great product . The carnelian stones are such a beautiful color . I know , for a fact , that a bracelet of this quality would cost you four times the price at a jewelry store .
 Even as an adult I love butterflies , and I have been searching for a butterfly ring -LRB- which has been a CHALLENGE because most look very child-like -RRB- . I can now say `` I have found what I was looking for ! '' This beautifully crafted ring has lots of detail , sparkles , and captures the delicacy of the butterfly ... it is large without being flashy and allows me to express my unique style . I am VERY PLEASED with my purchase !!!
 I was very pleased with this purchase.These earrings are very simple yet elegant.They could be worn with jeans or to a more dressed up occasion.A good choice for the price .
 I ordered theses earings and within a day they had called me to tell me that they were n't avaiable . The customer serveice rep i talked to was very nice and let me pick out different ones over the phone that were slightly more expensive . He wanted to charge me the difference , but did not after i pointed out that was no good . The earings i recieved are okay , but not great . They looked nicer in the picture . I 'm rating this 4 stars instead of 3 since they were so nice on the phone . The product shipped write a way and i got it when it was promised .
 I was looking around to buy a heart shaped pendant in white gold , and after extensively and carefully reviewing all my choices , I opted to buy this one . I have to say that my now fianc&eacute;e was very pleased and was exactly what she was expecting . She wears it daily on an also white gold chain . I 'll try to include a close up of this pendant taken when my girlfriend was wearing it .
 Great stone combination in this pretty little pendant . The blue topaz is darker than photographed . In the photo it appears to be swiss blue , but it really is that deep , rich london blue . This is the first citrine I 've gotten from Peora . Boy , it 's really vibrant and golden . It 's some of the prettiest citrine I 've seen .
 This necklace is beautiful . I bought this for someone to wear with a gold dress knowing that they only wear silver . The stone is a bit less `` yellowy '' than the photo would suggest . Looked great next to gold fabric .
 I bought this for my daughter who had lost one she bought in China . She thought it was a very good approximation of the one she had lost and liked it very much . It is very pretty .
 This is an absolutely beautiful bracelet . And it arrived promptly . I wear it often , as it goes with everything . Would buy from this seller again .
 This bracelet is a good value ... the gold is very thin though so I 'm very careful not to twist it . The colors of the jade are very nice and go with all outfits , so I wear it every day .
 Bracelet was just gorgeous even more beautiful in person than in photo . Will shop with this seller again !
 I bought this bracelet for my friend for her Birthday and she absolutely loved it ! The stones are so pretty !
 I love this bracelet and the shine on the scarabs are great . I just wish you used a lobster claw clasp inside of a spring clasp closure and the scarabs should be a little deeper cut . Nevertheless , it 's nice a bracelet for the price .
 I purchased this sterling silver charm to replace one that was identical to it -LRB- that I 'd had for almost 20 years -RRB- and lost somehow this past spring . Something Silver 's customer service was wonderful . After a mishap with the US postal service that returned my package back to Something Silver , they were nice enough to send it again and covered the cost of that shipping . The packaging was very cute as well!The charm is slightly smaller than my original , but I 'm so happy to have it !
 If you like feminine jewelry , you 'll really like this piece . It is small . The combination of the amethyst and peridot is quite attractive . It 's beautifully designed . The stones are clear and vibrant , set in finished silver . It is smoothly finished , both front and back . Even looking at the photograph , you can clearly see how well that peridot stone is set . This jewelry is made to last for years ... guarantee you , that stone will not fall out . The silver has either a rhodium or white gold plating ... very nice . The silver is not icy white . Peora 's amethyst is every bit as good of quality as their blue topaz , garnet , and peridot . Peora 's craftsmanship is superior . This company makes quality jewelry . Even the box link chain they throw in for free , is made in Italy ... They are selling quality pieces of jewelry for less than costume prices.It is actually a give away . I know jewelry , so I 'm well aware of that . Believe me , I 'm well on my way to `` buying '' up a collection of their freebies . I thank them for offering some of their jewelry online . This is a manufacturing company that sells to retailers and jewelers . Delivery is free too . It really is a give away .
 this ring is delicate , not gaudy . I liked it but then my grandaughter saw it and liked it too . So now it 's hers .
 Bought this as a gift for my daughter-in - law who is going back to school for her MBA . She wanted a `` bookbag '' that was n't the canvas bag from undergraduate days . She LOVES the purse and she is VERY particular . The leather is soft , the zipper allows for safety and there is room for her many `` gadgets '' . It is a beautiful bag . I recommend it without reservation.JRM
 I do n't want to take it off !! So darn cute , but not tacky looking . Great detail , would buy again .
 I bought 5 of these in different colors for my Wife , aside from the bar being just a little too long for her -LRB- she had a shorter one to use -RRB- she absolutely loves them and switches them out to coordinate better with her mood and outfit . If there were more colors available , especially black , I would buy them all !
 I absolutely adore these earrings ! They are very unique , and have excellent craftsmanship . The backs tighten very close to the ear , so there are no worries about an earring falling out . The earring is also very well-crafted . I enjoy these very much , and hope that they will be available to the public again soon .
 I purchased 5 of these for my bridesmaids . The chain is very good quality , and sturdy silver . The crystal cluster is also very nice and held together with clear , sturdy string . They come separated for you to put together yourself , which could allow for you to use the chain for mulitple charms . This also allows the cluster to slide along the chain , and it 's inserted per gaps allowed in the center of each side of the cluster . The cluster is also larger than it looks on the website , and is a good size . This still worked for me since my girls are wearing strapless dresses , though . I would recommend this necklace , but be sure you are n't looking for something very small and simple for an already busy outfit . The different colors in the cluster are also very nice , so the pink is n't too strong .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00076QG32 Austrian Pink Swarovski Crystal Slide with 1 MM Italian Omega Sterling Silver Chain 14 '' 16 '' 18 '' 20 '' 22 '' 24 '' Necklace -RSB- . This necklace is perfect for a formal , dressy outfit or for a more casual outfit . It is just the right size to go with anything to add a bit of brillant sparkle . I like the size of the crystal beads , not too large and not too small . This necklace looks like it should cost more . I bought the 22 '' and have gotten many compliments about it . I also bought the matching bracelet . I have actually planned to wear certain clothes just so I can wear these !
 I love the interesting combination of this ring . It is one of my favorites . Simple yet elegant .
 This product is excatly as it is advertised . The crystal is a ball shape - and slides nicely onto the chain and catches the light quite nicely . I am not sure that if it was a flat backed item it would do as well . The chain is exactly what I was looking for as I now use it for not just this slide but others as well . The length is great - it is easy to put on -LRB- when you have fingernails ! -RRB- and both have gotten many compliments .
 This is quite the bracelet . If you like silver , you 'll love this ! Substantial and weighty looking without being heavy or clunky . FYI
 Bought this along with the matching earrings as a graduation present for a special young lady . Absolutely gorgeous . Lovely quality and beautiful stones . The recipient loved them !
 Unique for a unique child . My son did research on this type of jewerly and I was glad to give it to him as a gift .
 I absolutely love this ring ! It is plain but very elegant . The gem is not too big in size either . It looks very nice on my ring finger . Shipping was fast too .
 I love my ring ! I 've not had it quite a month yet , but I 've worn it everyday since I received it , and it looks as lovely today as it did the first day ! I 've also had many compliments about how pretty it is -- and I just love this ; it is confirmation that I have made a great purchase and I am enjoying it immensely !
 thats nice v e r y n i c e - t h a n c k s , ,
 Yep , and I mean it . My wife had it on her with some Tiffany items and I could not trace it on her :-RRB- The aura of the ring is very fresh and gives kind of a Spring mood . Nice piece .
 I absolutely love this ring . Big enough to be showy , but not obnoxious . The quality is good too . Not heavy enough to swing the stone to the side . I agree with other posts that the blue is lighter in person than in the picture featured online . It resembles more an aquamarine than a standard blue topaz but I , for one , am not disappointed . A beautiful ring , and you ca n't beat the price.PS The packaging it came in is also very nice , in case you would like to offer it as a gift .
 Again , another lovely jewelry item from Amazon ! The blue topaz is a light , icy blue . The stone is a good size and makes a nice presentation on the simple silver setting . The packaging is remarkable -- nicer than you will get from many jewelers . The ring fits true to size . Speedy delivery with Amazon Prime . I 'm a happy customer .
 It originally came damaged but this company responded quickly and sent out a replacement . The ring is very pretty and looks like it cost a lot more than I paid for it . I am happy with this purchase
 I purchased this ring to replace an aquamarine one I 'd had for over 40 years . The color is brillant and quality very good . It is comfortable and I can highly recommend it !
 Looks better than the picture on line , size is good match to my normal size . Love this ring , would buy others like this .
 I absolutely love this ring ! The blue might be ever so slightly lighter than the picture but not by much and I found the size fit me perfectly . The stone is a very generous size , its so large in fact that it works as a cocktail ring and I get tons of compliments when I wear it ! I did not have high expectations for the price and I was totally blown away when it arrived . So I ordered the matching necklace as well . It is also a great piece with an identical stone in size and colour and it comes on a nice box chain . If you 're thinking of ordering either of these pieces , JUST DO IT ! You wo n't regret it .
 Still not give it to my wife and I am waiting for a particular date , but I think you 'll love.Some critics had read that the color was not expected , in this case the opposite , the same color to the picture . Looks great !! Todavia no se lo entregue a mi esposa ya que estoy esperando una fecha en particular , pero creo que le va a encantar.En algunas criticas habia leido que el color no era lo esperado , en este caso todo lo contrario , el color es Igual al de la foto . Luce espectacular !!
 What a beautiful ring ! The stone is a light clear blue and the silver is substantial for the low cost . I recommend this ring as it is a great deal .
 Was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this ring for the money . Stone is large and a beautiful shade of blue . Ring itself is good weight . A lot of ring for the money
 My birthstone is blue topaz . I bought this ring for myself and was very pleased with the quality of the product . It 's large , a beautiful shade of blue and very sparkly . I really like it a lot . Great value for the price .
 Excellent quality and the color of the ring is the same indicated by the picture . Buy it and you will also be satified by the purchase .
 For this price , my expectations were low , but I was pleasantly surprised ! The stone is large , and its dimensions make the pale blue sparkle from the sides . The band is substantial but runs just a tad big . I actually bought this for `` Santa '' to give to me -LRB- Mom -RRB- along with presents for my daughter , and was frustrated that I could n't wear it until I opened presents on Christmas day : -RRB-
 Just got this last night and the color is true to the picture . Size felt a little big but not too bag . The stone is a little smaller than I expected , but not too small .
 I love this ring . Substantial setting and looks great on my wide fingers . Time will tell if the settings holds up to casual wear .
 looks great . good deal for the size of stone and for real .925 silver . Yes it has a hallmark on it . looks almost as blue as photo . But if it was darker you would be paying more.update ... I wish I could take off 3 stars the stone came out of my ring after the review . I also do n't have the paper work to try and take it back or fix it .
 The ring is beautiful -- my colleagues complimented me on it right away . The setting is simple but sturdy and well-made , and the stone is large , very clear , and well-cut . The color is paler than on the picture , which is the only thing I can comment negatively on . In all other aspects , however , it is a very pretty ring that I would be glad to wear everyday .
 I got this for my daughter , but I want one now ! It looks even better in person ! The picture does not do it justice . It is beautiful and looks much more expensive than what I paid for it ! Great gift !
 The metal for this ring is stunning . It shines and glistens in the sunlight . The stone itself is a beautiful and peaceful blue . The stone sparkles and gleams when it hits the sun or any type of lighting . Also , the stone is just the right size . It does n't topple over to rest under your finger , it stays put for anyone to admire . I would order this ring over and over again !
 I just got that ring today and I was surprised of how much it sparkles . it is just stunning ... very nice setting in solid sterling silver . the stone is a very nice sky blue , which I personally love and as i said it sparkles stunningly.I 'd definitely recommend this ring , great value !
 I buy this for my daughter . I was tired of her fingers turning black from ` cheap ' rings . This was a great way to buy a nice ring for her and not have to worry if she lost it .
 I ordered this for myself last year for my birthday and I love it . It 's a lovely color of blue . Ca n't go wrong w/this ring & it 's sterling silver . I highly recommend it to anyone needing a great gift idea .
 This ring was exactly what I was looking for . Simple , delicate , but large enough to be noticed . And the price was fantastic . Thanks Overstock !
 Well , it has n't turned my girlfriend 's finger green . Its not stamped sterling , but I 'm fairly certain its at least a silver alloy . I do n't know about gems to say if its actually a real blue topaz , but it certainly looks nice and it was worth the $ 25 I spent on it .
 I love the color in the stone ... it 's sooo pretty ... I just love it !!! I love buying jewelry on Amazon ... my favorite Santa !
 Beautiful ring , excellent gift for a woman . It arrived on time and in perfect conditions.Highly recommended . I bought it as a gift for my mother , I 'm sure she is going to like it.The customer support was really good , they answered every question I had on the shipping and delivery of the item in a very friendly and efficient way .
 Is there any way I can get the ring in a larger size than what you have offered ? If so how can I order it in that size
 I will be more than happy to review this gorgeous ring . I wear it often and receive many compliments . Anyone who purchases this will be more than satisfied .
 Bought this ring on a whim - and I am so glad I did.I have had many compliments , and inquires as to where I purchased this piece . -LRB- love you Amazon -RRB- I really was concerned that the stone might be too large for my hand but the stone is a great size . Large enough to bring attention and not so large as to overwhelm the finger.The color of this stone is beautiful , clear and crisp and the cut of the stone lets the color shine through.The setting is smooth so there is no snagging on clothes and the silver sets it off so well.I have purchased two more of these rings as gifts .
 I truly love this ring and have received a lot of compliments when I wear it . The stone is a gorgeous ocean blue and with the diamond cutting , it really sparkles in the sunlight . You will not be disappointed if you get this ring .
 The sterling silver oval blue topaz ring is fabulous ! It is exactly as I thought it would be ; sparkles and shines the way it should without any cloudiness or imperfections visible to the naked eye .
 Bought as a gift . The color of the topaz was lighter than pictured , but the person I bought it for loved it ! Simple yet nice setting .
 I like the ring , it 's big , shiny and inexpensive -LRB- I paid $ 25 -RRB- . The band is silver and is good quality . The stone is pretty eye catching and I 've gotten lots of compliments .
 Excellent cut , high grade stone , nice setting.My mother loves it.I would highly reccomend buying one.topaz is a beautiful stone and these are nice ones .
 the ring is really very pretty but it does n't have the weight of a real quality ring ... but hey they are so inexpensive you can get several and have quite the collection of jewelery ... and the choices are plenty on style , etc. ... i will be getting more !
 Purchased two , one for each twin daughter as a special 50th birthday gift . Would have preferred not made in China but did n't see that during purchase process
 Got for a Teen girl she seems happy with this , got the matching earings and necklace liked both of those also .
 Got this last night , and I ca n't stop looking at it . It 's GORGEOUS ! It is indeed paler than in the picture , and it 's oval , not round , like in the picture . I think the photograph could have been more realistic . But I 'm very happy with it . The stone is large enough to get attention , but not obnoxious . I have another blue topaz ring that 's absolutely huge - it looks like a swimming pool . I love that one , but I ca n't wear it much because it gets in the way . Not with this one . It 's just the right size . Love it!March 30 , 2012
 I received this very lovely ring and was thrilled with the color and style . The only concern I had is that the ring seems slightly big for the size i usually wear . I would purchase more jewelry from amazon again after this experience .
 this ring is soooooo beautiful . the stone is nice & big & clear & shiny . its just beautiful . the quality of the ring is outstanding . the fit was a little bit big . i usually wear a size 6 but for some reason this ring was loose on my finger & i was kinda disappointed about that . regardless , it 's still a great ring for a great price : -RRB-
 I bought it for my mother for a little present.I was `` dumbfounded '' when I saw it in person.Just great product.Silver seems like gold . The stone is great.Price is ok .
 I was pleasantly surprised how beautiful this ring is . It is lighter blue than the picture , however , stone is clear and setting polished with no flaws .
 I 'm thrilled - The stone is very clean and and bright . The color is not very deep , but we should all expect that - considering the cost.It looks like a lot of fun - and certainly catches the eye . Wait till my husband notices ! -LRB- He wo n't believe the price ! -RRB-
 This is a nice stone . Quite handsome in fact . It 's not dark , but it 's not a London Blue . I bought mine , and intend to put it into a different setting w / a local jeweler . Could wear it as it came tho ... it 's a really nice piece for the price . SS
 This turned out to be a beautiful ring at an unbeatable prize . I would buy another one with a different gemstone ! Great buy !
 The ring arived on time and was packaged well . The ring itself is exactly what I was expecting and at a great price .
 This is a beautiful ring , the stone is gorgeous . My one gripe is that , in person , the stone looks much larger than in the picture . I have very small hands and this looks a little silly on my fingers .
 Sterling Silver Oval Blue Topaz RingI have received many compliments about this ring . I love it !
 A ring with a stone so large and beautiful is to be rarely found at such a value . The shade of blue is light and cooling . The sterling silver setting is strong , and it 's simplicity draws attention to the magnificent stone . It 's a sparkling eye-catcher ! I purchased one ring for myself and , after I saw it , I decided to get complete sets -LRB- ring , pendant & earrings -RRB- for all of our family 's December birthdays . They will be thrilled , and I am delighted !
 I get a lot of compliments on this . It 's really pretty for the price and fun .
 Just received this ring ... it is very striking . The color is a bit lighter than the picture , but I think I like the lighter color better . It is the perfect size stone for me . I would recommend this to all my friends and family .
 I ordered the wrong size but that 's not the seller 's fault , obviously . Other than having to wear the ring on my index finger , I 'm enjoying it . The stone looks bigger on my hand than I 'd anticipated but I 'm getting used to being `` ostentatious '' .
 I do not buy many gemstones and was nervous as I waited for this ring to arrive in the mail . But I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened the box ! It is gorgeous ! It comes in a very nice silver setting and the stone is absolutely beautiful . I can not say enough how pleased I am with this ring . If you are tempted to purchase it , you wo n't regret it - it is WELL worth the money !
 Beautiful ! The price is so much lower than what you would expect for something so pretty and well crafted . The blue is clear , not too light or too dark . And , the cut is great , it flashes sparkles with even the smallest amount of light . I LOVE it .
 It is a beautiful ring that calls a lot of attention . It is paler than the picture but that does not take away from it 's beauty . It well worth the price you pay . Will definitely buy from them again .
 I waited for over a month after the purchase of this ring to submit my review because I did n't want to write about first impressions - I thought the presentation of this ring was excellent , but wanted to see what my opinion of the ring was after wearing it for awhile . I really like it today as much as I did when I opened the box ! The band is daintier than it looked to me in the picture , and the gem colour is a very pretty ice blue , definately more blue than an aquamarine . I 've been wearing it every day , and still enjoy seeing it on my hand when I 'm typing at work - it really sparkles !
 I absolutely love this ring ! I wish they had more rings this size in other gems . Especially for the price ! After shopping around for large , single stone genuine gemstone rings at nearby jewelry stores and the mall , I found that Amazon had the best prices in Sterling Silver . I also love that this ring is sterling silver because you get a much larger stone than in rings made from gold or platinum.I have made many many online purchases -LRB- including my engagement ring -RRB- and was not worried about this purchase whatsoever , but I still was surprised at the absolute beauty of the stone and the shiny silver of the setting . This ring is the size and price of a costume jewelry piece , but it is all genuine -LRB- including the setting , which is stamped with the 925 silver stamp -RRB- - and it glitters much more than a fake gem ! I am only beginning to appreciate genuine stones , but the difference was surprising.My ring appears slightly different than the picture , in terms of the cutouts on the side of the ring , and the color is slightly lighter than the picture - but it is not clear , by any means . It is more a sky blue color than medium blue . One other note , the cut is gorgeous from the top with lots of facets , but it has just the slightest `` roughness '' around the outside rim . This roughness can not actually be felt , but if you look very very closely it is visible . It does not affect the beauty of the ring , but it may matter for some buyers . In all other respects the stone is luxurious.I would rebuy this ring in a heartbeat and would be very proud to give it as a gift to any of my loved ones .
 A beautiful piece , and well worth the money , but not the color it shows to be on the website . It 's significantly lighter than the website photo .
 I received this ring today and am pleased with the purchase except for the color . The blue is paler than the picture . Nice solitare with a simple band for an excellent price .
 I agree with the reviewer who said this ring is pale . It is not as deep a blue as you would see at a jewlery store or even Walmart -LRB- I went there yesterday to compare -RRB- . However , I like it . It is still a pretty blue and large , although not large enough to look tacky or anything . The mount is strong and sturdy , and holds the stone well . All in all I am glad I purchased this and will continue to wear it with my favorite blue sweater !
 This ring is beautiful . I really trust Amazon to only include quality items in their &#34; Amazon Curated Collection . &#34; The Topaz is clear and the color is very similar in person to the pictures of the ring . Well done Amazon !
 This ring is as pretty as the picture ! I love the color and clarity and it fits well . The price was great also !
 I love my birthstone and I wanted a piece of jewelry that symbolized the simple purity of the Blue Topaz . This ring did that for me . As a gift to myself for my birthday this year , it was definitely a great gift and a welcomed addition to my collection .
 Stone is large and clear . This ring is just beautiful in person . Sizing seems correct too . Great ring for the price .
 I was very impressed with the price of this product , and it is a good product . My wife loves it .
 I am so very happy with my purchase !!! I was so excited when I received it that I ripped the box open and put it on immediately . Unlike some of the other post , my ring is THE perfect shade of blue . I could n't be happierThank you Amazon : -RRB-
 This ring is really beautiful !!! The stone is big and clear and shines with the light . It is a GREAT buy !
 I Purchased this ring as a birthday present for my mother , it 's her birthstone.I was a little worried at first about buying jewelry online , but when I opened the package today I was sooo happy that I did !!! It is Beautiful and i just ca n't wait to give it to my mother !!! Bottom Line : Yes I would definitely recommend this !!!!
 Ring is BEAUTIFUL . Sizing was perfect . My sister-in-law is going to love it . This is her birthstone and way cheaper that the 400 % mark up at the jewelry stores !
 Love this ring . Nice size and beautiful color . Great setting strong enough for everyday wear . I wear my rings when I do everything even house work . I would highly recommend this ring !
 The studs on the back of the locks are very long . They need to be cut down a bit to be comfortable . My GF had to do that she never takes them out .
 I really love these little earrings . They are very dainty and highly detailed . I am very happy with them !!!
 This earrings are really great . They are small so they do n't stand out to much with your outfit . Though I have only worn them a few times , they seem to be pretty good quality .
 Nice earrings and I 've gotten compliments . I 'm a 20-something male , by the way.But be warned
 Arrived two days early and absolutely what I was looking for . The earrings are small enough not to overwhelm little ears but yet detailed enough for the pirate lover . One of the earrings had a sharp edge to it and I 'm not sure if it was just not polished enough but if you order these -LRB- and you SHOULD if you have a pirate loving little girl -RRB- make sure to check them over a bit .
 I bought these for my 5 yr . old daughter to wear when cheering , since their mascot is a Pirate . They were the perfect size for her tiny ears ! She adored them so much she would n't take them out . Unfortunately she lost one at school so I am now having to purchase a second pair to replace them . We both loved them so much it is absolutely worth purchasing twice !
 Purchased these earrings for my daughter for Christmas . They are high quality earrings . Very happy with my choice
 I absolutely love this bracelet . I got it as a birthday gift to myself . It looks very expensive and the stones really stand out . You can wear it alone or along with your watch . I would recommend this product to anyone who 's looking for a nice piece of jewelry to wear when you have special evening plans ... such as dinner parties , weddings , etc. .
 I guess I did n't realize how small they were when I ordered them , they 're studs . My girlfriend loves them though . So ... I do n't think the size matters .
 I really am impressed with the quality of theses products . I bought three different sets of skull earrings . All great !!!!!!!! Exactly as described in literature on product . Very nice to do business with .
 My wife lost the St Jude Medal she has worn for years on an ankle bracelet . I was looking for one that was silver and small and this one is perfect . She loves it .
 What a beautiful necklace ! Very happy with the purchase , and I received it quickly . Would definitely buy from this merchant again .
 Beautiful earrings , you can wear them with everything , they are just gorgeous ! Pearls and brilliants combine perfectly well and illuminates the whole face . The only but is that , after a while , they are a little uncomfortable . And it is not a problem of weight , because they are very light . Perhaps it is the closure system . Anyway , they are fantastic !
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond CZ BraceletI choosed this bracelet because it looked very nice and elegant . When it arrived I am so surprise with the quality of the jewerly , the sterling looks like white gold and the CZ are fantastic anybody think that it is n't diamond . I recomend this seller for all people who likes a best jewerly with a low price . Congratulations for this seller , all of your items are so beautiful!L&eacute;ia A. PavlovskySo Paulo - Brazil
 Its a nice bracelet but unfortunately , the safety-clasps does not work too well . I am certain that if i dont have it changed , it will come off without me knowing .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 what can i say great company fast fantastic will make my mother cry for sure thank you so much !
 I bought this necklace for myself and love it ! From the picture , it looks like it might be too big . But it 's the perfect size and a great necklace to wear casually or with something nicer too .
 I also wear this everyday . It is the perfect size and I love the detail . Have gotten several compliments on it . When I bought it , I thought , ok , cute , but now I ca n't take it off because it is so comfy and looks good with any outfit . I highly recommend this necklace and it was a pleasant surprise to have it look so good in person -LRB- I was wary of ordering jewelry online -RRB- . Also , Sabrina Silver offers very quick delivery and great packaging . I am so pleased with this item I plan to order more silver jewelry from this merchant . If you order this , you will not be disappointed !
 I love this necklace ! I wear it everyday ! It is lightweight and it will not tarnish !
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 These earrings were a little flat for my taste , but at the price , they are worth the money and silver is always versatile .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is truly a beautiful necklace . I am so very glad I chose this one . With a generous 15 pearls spaced out evenly and a sturdy , but dainty 14K gold link chain you cant go wrong . The price is a steal compared to what others sell for . The quality is truly exceptional.Because I am a picky buyer who wants the most for my money , I did my research on price and quality before deciding and I was pleasantly surprised . I would give this one ten stars if I could .
 I purchased this necklace for my daughter to replace one she had lost . This was an exact copy , and we both absolutely loved it . I had searched around on other sites , and this was the best price -LRB- more than half off from another discount site ... -RRB- . The quality of the pearls and the craftsmanship make this a beautiful piece and an excellent deal !
 I purchased this necklace as a gift for my girlfriend for Christmas . I was skeptical as I 've never ordered jewelry on-line , but I must say that I was very pleasantly surprized . It was well worth the money and even cheaper and of higher quality than anything I saw at the mall or other chain jewelers . The pearls were a little on the small size but again for the price you just could n't beat it .
 What a great value . Would not hesitate to buy again . One area of improvement would be that the clasp is a little small and difficult . By the way this is not really a `` kid 's review '' but I just did n't want to give out my info which the kid 's review allows you to do
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This bracelet is very pretty and it is definitely worth the price . I was very happy when I opened it and saw how nice actually is ... the `` tanzanite '' stones are a great purplish/blue color , the clasp is nice and the bracelet is a good weight-not flimsy . Love it !
 These earrings were beautiful and I received them very quickly . I would buy from this seller again !
 I was a little nervous ordering jewelry over the Internet , but then again I hate going into a jewelry store too . I tend to be very much of a comparison shopper , but jewelry makes it hard to do that , there are too many choices , settings , etc. . Amazon is starting to fix that , now I can go online and at least feel somewhat comfortable that I priced around.I 'm happy with the quality , size , setting , etc with these earrings . It goes well with the pearl necklace I got for my wife a couple of years ago . My wife is happy , so I 'm happy ...
 I am a tin cup fanatic , my last tin cup necklace broke after years of wear . My husband and I decided to shop around for a new one . After doing research on price and quality both in store and Internet , I decided on this one . As you know Internet jewelry purchases can sometimes be a surprise , so believe me some apprehension was there.I am not one to leave feedback or comments on items , as I just do n't have the time . However , on this necklace I had to . What a pleasant surprise , this necklace is absolutely beautiful . With fifteen pearls spaced out evenly on a good quality sturdy , but dainty , 14k gold link chain you ca n't go wrong . The pearls have great luster and sized at 6.0 ideal for everyday wear , and the price just steals the show at $ 60.00 plus free shipping.I am a very satisfied customer and this is one of my best purchase to date .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is a classic . Very simple in design , the setting does not appear extremely attractive from above -LRB- the wearer 's perspective -RRB- , but is very nice from afar . This would make a great ` first dance ' gift or a special birthday present to a special daughter.I received a white pearl with excellent luster and smooth surface -- no blemishes at all . The chain could be a bit more resilient , but for the price , this was a great deal -LRB- 1/2 price deal ! -RRB- .
 The pearl itself was excellent , as was the rest of the hardware around it . Bu t the chain was a little too , uh , petite . I gave it to my mom as part of the birthday gift and I have no DOUBT that she wo n't be able to wear it anywhere NEAR her granddaughter . Plus the fine chain and tiny lobster clasp make for easy knots and difficulty putting on the chain . It is pretty , but I expected something a little different .
 My wife , as well as myself , were extremely happy and satisfied with the Akoya Cultured Pearl . It was delivered on time and it helped to enhance a wonderfull Christmas.Thank you .
 This was my first experience ordering jewelry on the Internet . After pricing similar necklaces in jewelry stores , I was delighted with both the beauty and the price of this pearl pendant . The pearl is lustrous !
 I certainly did not expect such a beautiful pearl . Wonderful mirror-like luster . Has a lovely slight pink tone . Smooth clean surface -LRB- no pits or bumps -RRB- except for one little mark which can only be seen on very close inspection , definitely not while it is being worn .
 Lovely flawless pearl . High luster with a rose tinge . Checked out a similar sized pendant at Macy 's . The price was higher and the quality was not as good .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife 's . Modern and cool ; I love it .
 Am very pleased with the purchase . The pendant is a flawless pearl with a rosy tinge . Has mirror-like surface . Would not hesitate to buy Akoyas from Amazon again .
 Bought this to put a small charm on for a friend bracket is much nicer in person seems sturdy and for the price it 's perfect very pleased with my purchase
 I was very pleased with this bracelet . It is well made and fits well . I especially like the link it has .
 I bought this along with several rolo chains , mainly out of curiousity for the style of the links . This is a slightly heavier chain at 1/8 '' so not the typical chain for a pendent , though it certainly would be nice with the right one . The links remind me of soda pop tops linked together . That 's not to imply it 's cheap looking , in fact it 's very nice ; just a bit different . It 's a good style to wear alone , or with several chains of varying lengths together . Overall I liked it . The 4 stars are for personal taste only . I prefer the spiga and rolo chains a bit more .
 Living in London it is almost impossible to find the multi colour tennis bracelet as beautiful as this one without finding few zeros added to the price tag -LRB- the Sapphire and white gold version -RRB- . When I received it this morning , I have to say that it looks even better than I expected it to . The quality of the bracelet is so good , it looks like white gold and not silver . The service was great too because it came sooner than the estimated time . I really have nothing bad to say about this product .
 This necklace that I received is flawless . The pearl has a high quality , and the diamond is very shining -LRB- although it 's a little bit small -RRB- . My wife likes it.For this price , I give it a Five Stars .
 The quality of these earrings is excellent . They are just the right size and the price was fantastic .
 Plenty of sparkle and nice vintage look . Simulated amethysts are lighter than pictured , but still have plenty of color . Length 71/2 '' . Width 3/8 '' for the wider link , 3/16 '' for the narrower link .
 WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY . ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT . THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT . I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING , OOO ... SO NICE . GREAT BUY ALSO .
 What a great little sparkler . I bought this ring for my middle finger . The ring is well made and well thought out . Although it 's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands , the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price . The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile . Not so in person , it 's all well balanced . If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds , then it 's not the ring for you . If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire , then buy it . I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it 's true to size .
 Very good value for money , particularly with the current exchange rate ! Nice matching stones . First order of jewellry from Amazon.com as I am in the UK , but very happy with quality and speed of delivery . I would use both the vendor and Amazon.com again .
 I bought this for my stepmother 's February birthday last year . She loved it . It looked so good on her with her snow white hair .
 I bought one of these from Kohl 's and I broke it falling out of a truck -LRB- clutz , I know -RRB- and looked everywhere for another one . I ca n't wait to recieve it . I just hope it is n't pale like the other reviews say ! My first one was n't .
 The bracelet was stiff at first but wearing has loosened the links . The stones are uniform in color , pale purple ... go very well with lavender colored clothes . Sweet . It arrived VERY quickly !
 I bought this necklace as a Mother 's Day gift for my wife . She liked the necklace very much , and wore it to dinner that day . I recommend it as a gift .
 The earrings were better than expected . The pearls were large and the diamonds were a great touch . My wife loved them and enjoys showing them off . Service was great and delivery very prompt . Would do business again .
 I actually bought this planning on only using the chain . I broke one of my necklaces and needed a rather thin chain , and this was cheaper than just getting the chain alone . I figured for this price , no way the pearl was going to be any good . I was wrong . It 's no mikimoto , but the one I received was a good looking pearl . Well worth the money .
 The pearl is a very nice size and has pretty good luster . I can see my face in it . The chain , while thin and dainty , goes well with it ; just do n't wear it to bed or put it in a pile with other necklaces ! It 'll definitely get tangled up .
 I was quite thrilled with this . Because I live in Bermuda , it actually cost me around $ 35.00 after shipping and duty , but even at this price I consider it to be an excellent deal . I ended up purchasing one for a friend too .
 I purchased this recently after reading the previous review by the other customer . I agree that the chain is fine for the pendant ... but if you like me purchased the item mainly for the pearl -LRB- as I have other chains that I can - and have - tried it on -RRB- then there is no problem . I have saved the chain to use with other smaller pendants that I have and used the pendant with a slightly thicker chain . It is slightly bigger than I visualised -LRB- a miscalculation on my part -RRB- but still looks ideal with the pair of earrings I wanted to match it with . Overall a good buy . . pearl acceptable quality . No problems so far .
 I really love these rings . They fit well & I love that I can wear on my thumb or on my finger ! Came right on time & well worth the price !
 I love this ring ! It is so hard to find this style in gold ! The ring is beautiful and of good quality .
 These were exactly what I was looking for . Great for work and going out . Sometime I would even stack with other rings . Size was accurate
 I really like the way this ring came out - it 's very true to the picture . If i had to say one negative thing about it , it would have to be that getting the ring on is a bit of a challenge ! It 's not quite a smooth procedure , and every time I go to put it over my finger , I feel like I 'm going to grind the finish off . However , it 's still holding up and it looks really good . This is a nice every day ring that goes with anything .
 I wanted a classy piece to wear on my right hand for work when I 'm wearing Gold . I found that I will end up wearing this outside of work . Very classy looking
 This ring is great for the price . Most of my rings are silver , so i bought because it was inexpnesive . I love it . I have gotten so many compliments . I definity recommed buying it .
 I like these type of wedding bad rings . This particular one is well worth the money . It looks nice and teh gold color is very bright . I am not sure how long the plating will last .
 ery suitable for wearing for fashionable occasions . very dressy
 I bought these earrings along with the matching pearl pendant for my sister 's birthday . After I saw them on her , I decided to get them for myself ! The size is perfect , the color is beautiful and the box it came in made up for the fact there is no gift wrapping . Would buy again as another gift ... after I buy myself a pair !
 Gave these very pretty earrings to my sister for Christmas . She loved them too .
 I bought these with the matching pendant with diamond accent for my boyfriend 's mom as a birthday gift . They are the perfect size for everyday outfit . I have read reviews from others that the pearls fell off . I would have no way to know how they last , but they are beautiful and would defintely buy more of the same .
 The 14K gold necklace is a bit thin , but matches well with the pendant . It is a great price for such pendant and with diamond accent . You should n't go with anything smaller than 6.0-6 .5 mm ; this is the `` starter '' size -LRB- I bought this with the matching earrings for my boyfriend 's mom as her birthday gift , and she loves them . -RRB- Pros : Perfect size pearl for everyday outfitThe tiny diamond adds a touch of `` luxury `` Cons : Mine is a little loppsidedOverall , good buy
 This is a gift for my mom . It 's beautiful . She loved it . You wo n't be sorry when you buy this necklace
 I love this pearl pendant necklace . It is very delicate , not overbearing . This necklace can be worn with just about anything . I purchased 3 for my bridesmaid 's gifts . Very nice , for the price !!!!
 These are very nice looking earrings at a great price , especially since I got them at 50 % off . Great as a gift .
 If you like the classics then this is a good one . Pretty and very simple . Shipping was superfast , I did n't pay any extra , so I like that . The diamond is just a chip but then what do you want for the price . I 'm very happy with the earrings .
 This was a very good value for these earrings and an answer to a needed gift
 I got this necklace for my mom for her birthday and she loved . Althought not as big as it looks on the screen -LRB- I guess none of them really are -RRB- it 's still a really beautiful , shimmering , pearl with a sparkly little diamond . The chain is very thin though so it needs to be treated with delicacy . But all in all I 'm giving it 5 stars .
 I bought this for my Mom for Mothers day and she loves it !!!!!
 Have worn these cultured pearl earrings 24/7 for weeks at a time and after six months of wear , they are just as great looking as the day I received them ! I am glad I chose the 7.0 mm size as they are just right for me ! Glad I bought them and would highly recommend them . These would make great gifts too as it is hard to beat Amazon prices !
 I received these pearls as a gift for Christmas and I absolutely adore them . In fact , I 'm wearing them right now.They are the perfect size
 If you do not have too much money and you want to impress your girlfriend , this is the present you want to give her ! Sparkling - after all , it IS white gold and diamonds !
 these pearls are nicely strung and very uniform in size and color - my wife is looking forward to wearing them many times in the coming years - they were nicely packaged in a velvet box -LRB- which impressed her even before she opened it -RRB- !
 I was very pleasantly surprised when this and a pair of diamond studs I ordered arrived . Great presentation boxes , and a super looking string of pearls . For less than $ 100 it looks like a great deal to me . The winning line , `` You spent way too much ! '' , made it worth it . I do n't know much about jewelry , but this was more than I expected . I 'm very happy with these pearls and so is she
 These arrived yesterday afternoon -- the pearls are clean , smooth , glowing ! Nacre seems thick . I bought the necklace as a gift , and am thrilled that she 'll be able to hand this down as an heirloom -LRB- it 's that good -RRB- . The graduated pearls are flawlessly matched in both ascending size and color , giving the necklace the appearance of costing many hundreds of dollars . Packaging is also very impressive . The velvet box is large and classy . In fact , the entire purchase is possibly the best ever on Amazon , and I 've been a customer for years.Do you love pearls in classic , vintage looking styles ? Is she an Ivory Soap gal with simple , natural beauty ? Or an old movie fan ? Grab at least one of these . Add a small pair of pearl stud earrings , and you 'll have a birthday or Mother 's Day gift that she 'll remember -LRB- and cherish -RRB- for a lifetime . I know I 'm buying more ! With minimum AA quality at this price , I 'd be crazy not to ! -LSB- note
 I just received these pearls in the mail yesterday as a birthday surprise ordered by my parents in Germany.They are great ! Wonderful presentation in the velvet box . Heavy pearls , very uniform and beautiful sheen . I love that they are not perfectly uniform ... makes it a much more casual look and I am already wearing them today with Jeans and a black top.Love it . Thanks Mama und Papa ... and Amazon
 I have a dear friend that has always loved my akoya graduated pearl strand , but as dear as my friend is , I could not afford the akoya version of the graduated pearls for her . So , I looked at costume jewelry for the graduated look , and found that Monet has a fake version for about $ 60 retail , and I came down to choosing between these and the Monet version . After reading some of the other reviews , I was hesitant to purchase these pearls . -LRB- As one reviewer put it , these pearls seem to have a split personality . -RRB- I felt that for the price of these compared to the price of the Monet fake version , I should at least try these pearls and return them if I am not satisfied . I must say that I was VERY surprised at how beautiful these pearls were once I got them . I compared them to the akoya version that I have , and they held their own ! To the reviewer that said that it had too many small pearls , all I can tell you is that this strand matched my akoya strand pearl size for pearl size the whole length of the necklace . I also went back and compared them to the fake strand and they made the fake strand look even more visibly fake . These pearls hung beautifully , and had a wonderful sheen to them . They came in a black velvet pouch which was similiar to the one that my akoyas are stored in . But the real test came when I gave them to my friend , and she thought that I spent a fortune on them because they were a real pearl strand and not fake strand . For the price that I spent on them , I am now kicking myself for not purchasing a set for me , my daughter , my mom , my sister-in-law , my neice , all my other girlfriends , and ... well you get the point ! But I feel that they are well worth the price asked of them .
 Very pretty necklace and a great deal . I purchased this as a Christmas present but now I want one for myself ! The clasp adds an elegant touch . Very feminine and a little retro . I 'm not an expert on jewelry but the pearls seem to be in very good condition . I think the size of the pearls and the length of the necklace are just right . I recommend this to anyone looking for an elegant and understated piece of jewelry at an excellent price .
 I have to disagree with the negative reviews I 've seen on these . These are really beautiful , especially for the price . They 're FRESHWATER pearls ! As long as you buy them with the expectation that they 're not super-expensive , you 'll love them . I got mine last week and absolutely cherish them!Pearls are always too tight at first . They loosen up & have more give over time . Kind of like a good pair of shoes - you have to break them in.The clasp is tough to manage , yes , but you know they 'll never fall off.I bought 3 of these -LRB- one for me and 2 for gifts for my mom & mother-in-law -RRB- . I know they 'll love 'em ! I 've received lots of compliments on mine already !
 Recently I got into a passion for pearls and purchased several sets of pearl jewlery from Amazon . I like them all but somehow this one tends to be what I pick up in the morning ... . The pearl is small and the chain kinda fragile , but this gives it a very dainty and exquisite look . It 's great with any outfit . The small bit of diamond is actually nice . There are cheaper ones without the diamond , but with the small and round pearl I think it actually looks nicer with the diamond -LRB- I 'm not sure , for example , with the rice pearl droplet where the chain is thicker too -RRB- . I may have liked it even more with a sterling silver chain .
 This is a great buy . It is small and very dainty looking.It is a piece of jewlery you can wear with anything . . The 18 `` chain is a very nice length .
 I loved the way it looked and I would consider purchasing it . Do you know if it can be shipped to Australia and what would be the cost in Australian dollars.RegardsSandy Thompson
 These Pearls are beautiful . Great size , great quality ... . I am sorry I did n't purchase another pair !
 This was a gift for Christmas for a relative and the price was just right . These are very very pretty freshwater pearls and goodly size pearls as well . It is a very white pearly bracelet with a sturdy gold clasp and shipped in a very nice box .
 Very simple and elegant . The box is also very nice . Only drawback is the chain is extremely delicate .
 Very pleased with my purchase . The chain and clasp are very delicate and somewhat small , but compliment the pearl nicely .
 I was very please with this product . It was the perfect accent peice for my daughters wedding dress . The delivery was super fast great doing business with them Cheryl Nelson
 it was i tiny pearl but it was a really nice tiny pearl ... she liked it ...
 After I wrote a glowing review , the pearl fell off backing two hours later . No Stars .
 Got these for my girlfriend for Valentine 's Day and she loved them !
 i bought this ring as a wedding band and i was pleasantly surprised -- it is truly beautiful . it 's super sparkley and much less ostentatious than it might appear . it looks perfect with my engagement ring ! the only problem is that i have to wait 5 months before i can wear it ...
 I bought these earings for my wedding day and they are beautiful . Great price and free shipping .
 I am a 16 year old girl , and I just bought these earrings from a gift certificate for the holidays . The earrings are the perfect size and color to wear every day to school or to dress up for parties . I recommend them to any other teens that are n't looking for something too big or flashy .
 These pearls are n't flashy or glamorous -LRB- I was looking for something not too big and gaudy -RRB- , but they 're great for everyday wear and look very nice with both business and casual attire . Great color , luster , and the perfect size . There were few -LRB- if any -RRB- imperfections in the pearls , the backs are white gold and look very secure , They came in very nice packaging , and the free shipping was very timely .
 These earrings are quite small , but very pretty ! They seem perfectly round to me with no noticable flaws . A great deal overall !!
 My wife really loves these . I wanted some that were slightly longer . But I 've heard no complaints .
 I really love these rings . They fit well & I love that I can wear on my thumb or on my finger ! Came right on time & well worth the price !
 I love this ring ! It is so hard to find this style in gold ! The ring is beautiful and of good quality .
 These were exactly what I was looking for . Great for work and going out . Sometime I would even stack with other rings . Size was accurate
 I really like the way this ring came out - it 's very true to the picture . If i had to say one negative thing about it , it would have to be that getting the ring on is a bit of a challenge ! It 's not quite a smooth procedure , and every time I go to put it over my finger , I feel like I 'm going to grind the finish off . However , it 's still holding up and it looks really good . This is a nice every day ring that goes with anything .
 I wanted a classy piece to wear on my right hand for work when I 'm wearing Gold . I found that I will end up wearing this outside of work . Very classy looking
 This ring is great for the price . Most of my rings are silver , so i bought because it was inexpnesive . I love it . I have gotten so many compliments . I definity recommed buying it .
 I like these type of wedding bad rings . This particular one is well worth the money . It looks nice and teh gold color is very bright . I am not sure how long the plating will last .
 I specifically purchased these because of the backs . They are exactly what I expected . The weight of the earrings keeps me from wearing them more often . My ears are not used to wearing anything this heavy . The seller is a five star merchant . But I 'm going to give the product four stars for no reason other then the weight .
 Ordered these for a wedding ... they are great and I am now back to order a second pair for a friend .
 I gave these earrings as a gift . They are exactly as described . The 6.0-6 .5 mm size is small , yet so is the price.A note about the 14k stems . My wife 's ears react badly to many stems , however she says these are fine.I read a review about the pearl falling off ... I will write a PS if this happens to my wife 's earrings .
 i bought this ring as a wedding band and i was pleasantly surprised -- it is truly beautiful . it 's super sparkley and much less ostentatious than it might appear . it looks perfect with my engagement ring ! the only problem is that i have to wait 5 months before i can wear it ...
 This is a great set of pearls for the price but check over the quality ! I went to put them on my girlfriends neck as a surprise and the string broke !!!! Luckily only one pearl fell off but it could have been much worse . Amazon was quick to send out another necklace though , so it was corrected right away . The new set is fine so it may have just been a fluke .
 I purchased this simple necklace to wear in my wedding , and it was a great purchase.It is small , and the chain is quite delicate , but it is lovely and certainly worth the price .
 We purchased and then returned this item in favor of the same-sized pearl -LRB- 6.0 - 6.5 mm -RRB- on a yellow gold chain purely out of the preference of the person we were giving it to , who is a blonde.We were also a little afraid , knowing white gold from our engagement ring , that the coating would rub off and , of course , it would be the lower-grade rhodium plating -LRB- almost certain -RRB- , and eventually rub off . This sounded like a pain.So in the end , we stuck with the `` traditional '' yellow gold and it is lovely . This is a lovely piece too , well worth the 5 stars for the price .
 I ordered this 16 '' freshwater pearl necklace and the matching 7 '' bracelet a week before one of my best friend 's wedding . They arrived in beautiful boxes the day before.Don ' t be put-off by `` semi-round '' or `` lightly-blemished '' - my untrained eye did n't notice any blemishes or irregularly shaped pearls . The pearls shine , look flawless and are round . The strands are well-knotted between each pearl , and I feel confident that the strands will last for years to come .
 These earrings are lovely and my daughter loved them ! I bought them for her for Christmas . Both of us were very pleased with them . They were well made and just the right size.I would buy from this seller again . There were no problems at all with this purchase . ~ S ~
 I got these to put candies in as party favors . They are quite small , so you can fit maybe four almonds inside . The colors are great . The drawstrings are ribbons , so they are pretty , too . Also , great price . As always , Amazon 's service and shipping were exceptional .
 I had been looking for bags that I could use to help make the jewelery that I can send more decorative.These bags are perfect for rings a small necklace or a small pair of earrings . They tie up very easily . And they where very affordable I searched everywhere for these bags and this is where I found the best deal for my money
 A little to small for large earrings or necklaces . I would suggest that you order larger size . Product is as described and really great for small items .
 Good colors , variety of tones and it was perfect for small beads or earrings . They are not big enough for larger jewelry though .
 We ordered these bags to use for the dice game Quarriors , which involves keeping lots of dice color-coded and separated in groups of five . These little bags gave us a lot of colors to choose from , and were sheer , so that we could not only match the dice fairly well color-wise but also identify which creature the dice represented without having to open it . They solve one of the biggest issues with that game , which is storing the dice pre-sorted . Each of these bags fits 5 dice perfectly . They 'd also make good party or wedding favors , so long as you do n't mind an assorted mix of colors from pastel blue to brown . They 're exactly as described , basically , and it 's a good deal for the amount that you get .
 nice and cheap and make up for nice gift packing for friends and family.i loved all the assorted colours
 I bought these to put herbs and such to add scent to my dresser and closet . But I have found soo many ways to use these . . and they are pretty . Some have a little fray in them but they are all usable .
 Purchased for a couples wedding shower bought 4 bags of personalized m & ms perfect ! They were a big hit ! We liked all the colors , very bright and cheerful . A great buy .
 I got these for my mom and she loves them . She does n't like big , heavy jewelry and finds them to be the perfect casual , daily wear or dress-up for parties earrings . Excellent value , make a great gift .
 These earrings are absolutely beautiful . They came in a classy black velvet box . They are elegant and of good quality . I would recommend them to all my friends and family .
 They are cute and the quality worths the money . A good gift at a reasonable price .
 I bought these for my wife and she has been wearing them almost everyday for two years . They still look great and are very strong .
 I bought these pearls for my wife as a gift for our first Christmas together . They were a hit . She had never owned pearls before and she loves them . They look great with everything .
 I put this item on my wish list and my boyfriend bought it as an anniversary gift . I love this necklace ; it 's simple enough to go with any outfit , and pretty enough to be noticed . I was not at all disappointed by the size of the pearl-all I had to do was read the product information to know what to expect . This necklace is perfect and exactly what I was hoping for .
 Beautiful necklace ! Pearl has a very nice luster . Was very pleased with this item .
 As promised -- I returned it for an 18 inch . Seller lost my return info in the mailroom , so did n't know who to send the new 18 inch chain to -- taking over 2 weeks to get the new one .
 It may just be my stupidy but a 16 '' chain is only 8 '' around once clasped!I bought this for my wife as she needed a longer chain for a pendant she owns . I figured 16 inches should be long enough but alas , it 's more like an ankle bracelet ! It 's 16 '' if you unclasp it and lay it out ! Hook it and it wo n't go around even a childs neck ! Lovely chain , just watch the measurements !
 I am not one to order jewelry online , and had second thoughts after I ordered this necklace , however upon receipt , I was more than happy with the quality . My only criticism would be that I felt the chain was a little light , however I find this in much jewelry these days . Overall a good product for a good price with the usual prompt Amazon service .
 Have not had ring sized yet . Will review to make sure it does n't bend like last ring I bought .
 I like to wear this almost every day and it goes well with the pearl earrings and diamonds that is also offered in Amazon 's store . Makes a nice set . However , the chain was much thinner than I expected , which worries me when my 1 year old grabs a hold of it .
 ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL ! IT WILL MAKE A WONDERFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENT OR MOTHER 'S DAY PRESENT FOR THE ONE YOU LOVE .
 The chain could be a little thicker , but the pearl is very nice and the diamond is a good size .
 This is a wonderful company to do business with . I had a problem and it was resolved so quickly that I give them a 5 + + + rating . The bracelet is exquisite ; but more important than that is they resolved a problem very quickly . Terrific Customer Service . Thank you.Rose quartz bracelet , ` Sweetheart ' 7.1 '' L
 This is a beautiful piece of jewelry ! I am really pleased with it ! I had done a lot of research online about pearls , and was originally looking for an Akoya pearl pendant , but this one seemed a good alternative -LRB- and better value -RRB- for its size . I was very pleased with the quality of the pearl - it 's difficult to believe that this is n't an Akoya . The pearl has a BEAUTIFUL luster -LRB- the product description describes it as medium-luster ... but if this is medium luster , it is MORE than acceptable to me -RRB- , and has no blemishes , as far as I can see -LRB- I did look very closely under bright lights and unless I look with a magnifying glass , I do n't expect I 'll see anything significant , and anyway that really seems like overkill -RRB- . Also , the diamond is very bright and very clear , not too small to be overlooked but not too big to overbear the pearl . I like the pendant so much I honestly would have given this 5 stars , but the chain the pearl came with was a very minor disappointment b/c it is a little too thin for such a substantial pearl and seems kind of delicate , especially if you have young kids who might want to grab at it . Nevertheless , this would make a lovely gift , also b/c Amazon sends it in a very nice blue-velvet box - it makes a very nice presentation .
 Purchased as a Valentine 's day gift for my wife -- the item arrived promptly -LRB- as always w / Amazon -RRB- and was everything the description said it would be -- the pearl is well shaped , has good color and arrived in a nice gift box w / complete care instructions . My wife loves it !! I have purchased DVD 's , books , tools and jewelry from Amazon -- everything has been exactly as described and has arrived BEFORE promised . They are my e-tailer of choice .
 Buy a special piece of jewelry online ? My usual answer has been , `` No , thanks '' . I took a chance after reading the excellent description , and viewing the picture . This beautiful pendant of pearl , diamond and white gold is beautiful . The pearl is luminescent , with no visible defects . The diamond placed above the pearl is sparkly , and it sets off the pearl . The white gold chain is delicate and completes the look I was looking for . I have received many compliments on this necklace , and I highly recommend it .
 simple and elegant earrings . with a screw back , I can comfortably sleep while wearing them .
 These earrings are classy , simple , professional and best of all ... they do not irritate my sensitive ears . No allergic reaction at all!Also genius , the rounded backs make it possible for me to sleep in my earrings without being prodded by sharp , pointy backings!I love these earrings . If this manufacturer sells any other rounded , screw-backed earrings I want them , ALL of them!Buy a pair for yourself , or buy them for a gift - they are perfection !
 Packaged beautifuly . I 'm glad their were choices of chain length . It looks just like the picture . The 17 year old that I gave it to , loves it .
 All I have to say is , `` outstanding '' . I ordered theses earrings as a birthday gift for my sister . I thought they were really unique , great colors , and would suit her features . The earrings were way beyond my expectations , and my sister loved them.The earrings are absolutely wonderful , versatile , elegant , chic , and modern . They compliment all attire genres , from business to evening , to the weekend jeans look.Even the packaging was great , very stylish . My sister and I were really impressed and we will both order from Dahlia again . I highly recommend Dahlia for anyone looking for a gift , especially for the upcoming holidays , or just wanting to purchase something for you .
 The manatee is great quality and was really liked by my husband on his birthday . Nice qauality and something I would buy again from this dealer . It was a bit smaller than I originally thought but still worth getting .
 I was looking for a necklace for my wife . She love 's Manatee 's and this was perfect . She 's had it on for three weeks now and wo n't take it off . That sounds like a great review right there .
 Before the increase in gold price , this ring would have much cheaper . Still , the price was not bad at all . It is a thin ring , but reasonably sturdy . It adjusts to the size of the toe well . It stays in place wherever desired . I saw rings from other vendors on Amazon . Those rings were not that much different , yet the prices were much , much higher . Nice ring . I am pleased .
 A very beautiful piece for the price , but it runs very small . I ordered a size 5 and it 's more of a 41/2 in size and I ca n't wear it on the hand I bought it for .
 This is the second thing I 've ordered from PalmBeach Jewelry and it 's very nice for the price ! It 's gold plated so it does n't turn my finger green and it comes in larger sizes -LRB- 10 for me -RRB- so I can wear it on my thumb , forefinger or middle finger instead of a &#34; ring &#34; finger . Also , in each of my PalmBeach packages I have received a free gift ! In this package it was a woven bracelet which my daughter really liked . Okay , so it does n't look completely authentic , it does look really good for a $ 22 ring ! I will definitely purchase from them again ! Also , this purchase was an Amazon Prime purchase and they guarantee free returns in case it does n't fit . Ca n't really lose with this one !!
 Sizes run a bit on the small size , and since they do not come in half sizes be sure to order a size up .
 Love the style and size of the ring . The ring is not heavy when wearing it.Would recommend this ring .
 It 's a nicely made ring . I bought it to wear on my middle finger . I 've had many compliments on this ring . I did put a coat of clear nail polish on it to protect the gold plating .
 This ring is beautiful but it 's not as wide as i thought it was going to be . I wear it a few times a week and i always get compliments on it . The picture does n't do it justice .
 It is a beautiful jewlery box , but I used it on a bridal shower party toput the gift envelops , I got many complements.It is worth the price . I recommend it .
 THIS OMEGA IS SO PRETTY . IT IS STURDY AND WILL HOLD ALL OF YOUR PENDANTS ... I WOULD MOST DEFINITELY BUY ONE FROM THIS SELLER . THIS PRODUCT IS VERY SHINY AND I LOVE IT 5 STARS ALL THE WAY : -RRB-
 i bought this omega chain sometime last month June 2009 and it just fit me right . . i love it . . the shipping was super fast that i didnt expect that it would come that day . . i would really recommend this Seller to everyone . . i would definitely wants to purchase again to this seller . .
 The Italian Sterling Silver Omega Chain Necklace looked a bit dainty but it is not ! It is strong and beautiful . Looks great with or without a pendant . I love it ! Excellent for summer because it is not too heavy.Thanks for a great product .
 I love this necklace . I needed a chain thin enough to go through a slide pendant that I love . This necklace is perfect ! Thin enough to slide through the slots and sturdy enough to hold it with no problems . I 've worn it just about everyday since it arrived . Fast service , I was very pleased . I will buy many more times from this seller !
 The is a beautiful necklace that looks great alone or with a slide . I purchased it for my 18 yr . old daughter and she loves it . Excellent quality for an excellent price .
 item is much nicer than the picture.My girls were so pleased , I had purchased some handwrought pendants on a vacation in Greece this summer and they looked lovely on the chains !
 I ordered this omega to go with a slide pendant . I was at my wits end trying to find a chain with a clasp small enough to fit through the opening , without dropping $ 50 + . Not only did this omega fit and look perfect , but the shipping and was super-fast too . This necklace looks and feels much more expensive than it was . I will definately purchase from this seller again .
 very nice omega chain for the price . i would definitely shop with this seller again .
 I had ordered a pendant to wear to a family wedding and needed a chain . This Omega was the perfect answer . This item is well worth the money .
 This Omega necklace is the perfect size and gauge for fused glass pendants . I am ordering several more . Thanks !
 I have bought a 14 '' omega chain which is good . Unfortunately , there is no alert that the 14 '' size chain is is intended for children . I know its not the sellers ' fault but mine , however , seller should alert the buyer that the size 14 '' chain is not intended for adult.Its beautiful .
 very pretty chain ... great price and pretty good quality . i work with 20 kids , who are 3 , and have worn the chain with a pendant on it for a couple months and its bent in one spot but i think it has been wonderful and i would buy it again
 I got the necklace and it is everything I thought it would be . I really like it .
 I put the cross on it and good to go
 Omegas are stiff . That is their characteristic . They are pre-formed to remain round and keep their shape while wearing . These are not fluid chains . Generally , they are worn close to the neck and able to support the weight of heavier pendants and enhancers . These are strong chains . Omegas tend not to slide around the neckline . While wearing , it 's unlikely the back closure will drift to the front of the neck . Pendants and enhancers tend to stay put . This can be thought of as a `` silver collar '' . Often , Omegas are 3 or 4mm thick . I was happy to get this one in the 1mm . It fits the bale on most of my pendants . I have a 4mm that will only accommodate large bales.This is an excellent quality Italian omega , at a great price . The silver has a nice gleam , it 's smooth , and has a lobster claw clasp . It 's made very well . Thanks , Gem Avenue.If you want a freely moving chain , this seller has a large selection of really good quality silver chains ... all at reasonable prices . If you want a very smooth , solid looking chain . I recommend a snake chain . It looks similar to an omega , but has fluidity .
 This chain is really gorgeous . I was very impressed when it arrived . It is really hard to find chains of this length , especially of this quality . I love it !
 I have been on a lifelong search for 14 & 15 inch chains . I have a petite neck , and need the smaller length . This chain is not only the right size , it is very pretty and substantial for the price . thanks you for making it available .
 I bought this necklace for my own use . I am a small adult . It is just what I have been looking for and does n't look like something just for a child . The necklace is beautiful and perfect ! I am enjoying wearing it with various pendants.Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14 '' 16 '' 18 '' 20 '' 22 '' 24 '' 30 '' Necklace
 I ordered two of these 1 MM Omega chains to go with gift pendants and , they were everything I was hoping for . Strong , shiney , secure lobster clasp , and able to give some extra `` lift '' to show off the pendant . I ordered thin Omegas such as these so that I could slide the pendants on easily . I am using one of them myself with a large , simple gemstone that I wish to showcase . Advice
 I ordered this necklace for a young girl to hold a little turtle pendant I purchased for her . The pendant has some weight and does come with its own chain , but I thought the omega would give this young girl a different , but still delicate look . She will be able to use this chain with any pendant she may have or receive in the future . It 's a sweet necklace that , once she grows out of it , can be passed on to one of her younger sisters . I was pleased with my purchase .
 This necklace is very nice . Its like a choker necklace but at a better price . Looks to be of good quality it will work well as a casual necklace if your looking for something more then you will have to pay more . As the saying goes you get what you pay for . Really its a very nice necklace .
 I needed a chain for my cross it works well and good price came in a jewel box I love it thanksa little tight for my neck but I like it that way I do n't want to be mistakin for a rapper
 These boxes are absolutely fantasic ... they are very pretty , the silver accents on the box are shaped into what looks like falling leaves . The texture of the box is also lovely . You can feel each little silver fleck on the box . The box is also very sturdy as well as roomy . I really recommend these boxes .
 A very beautiful piece for the price , but it runs very small . I ordered a size 5 and it 's more of a 41/2 in size and I ca n't wear it on the hand I bought it for .
 This is the second thing I 've ordered from PalmBeach Jewelry and it 's very nice for the price ! It 's gold plated so it does n't turn my finger green and it comes in larger sizes -LRB- 10 for me -RRB- so I can wear it on my thumb , forefinger or middle finger instead of a &#34; ring &#34; finger . Also , in each of my PalmBeach packages I have received a free gift ! In this package it was a woven bracelet which my daughter really liked . Okay , so it does n't look completely authentic , it does look really good for a $ 22 ring ! I will definitely purchase from them again ! Also , this purchase was an Amazon Prime purchase and they guarantee free returns in case it does n't fit . Ca n't really lose with this one !!
 Sizes run a bit on the small size , and since they do not come in half sizes be sure to order a size up .
 Love the style and size of the ring . The ring is not heavy when wearing it.Would recommend this ring .
 It 's a nicely made ring . I bought it to wear on my middle finger . I 've had many compliments on this ring . I did put a coat of clear nail polish on it to protect the gold plating .
 This ring is beautiful but it 's not as wide as i thought it was going to be . I wear it a few times a week and i always get compliments on it . The picture does n't do it justice .
 My wife loved these , and wears them all the time . The twist design looks great up close , and they 're not heavy .
 I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring . It 's stunning . This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed .
 For my daughter 's 13th birthday she had an Alice in Wonderland costume party and I bought this charm for her charm bracelet to commemorate that . It is very sturdy and the detail is great .
 The amount for the money is good , I just wish the variety I received was more like what 's pictured here . .
 I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99 , and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me . Although the band is brass , it is electroplated with 14K gold . At first I was worried about the ring being brass , but it still looks quite nice , and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5 K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender . Wonderful . Well worth the sale price !
 Love the pink color of this ring . Will be great to wear this spring and summer . Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company . I recommend them often .
 I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99 , and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me . Although the band is brass , it is electroplated with 14K gold . At first I was worried about the ring being brass , but it still looks quite nice , and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5 K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender . Wonderful . Well worth the sale price !
 Love the pink color of this ring . Will be great to wear this spring and summer . Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company . I recommend them often .
 I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99 , and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me . Although the band is brass , it is electroplated with 14K gold . At first I was worried about the ring being brass , but it still looks quite nice , and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5 K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender . Wonderful . Well worth the sale price !
 Love the pink color of this ring . Will be great to wear this spring and summer . Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company . I recommend them often .
 As described in other review , seahorse has more detail than photo . Perfect size , quality made , secure backing . Heavy weight sterling silver-rich feel .
 I had searched everywhere for sea horse earrings . These are beautiful . Love them very much , they are prettier than the picture shows . Will buy again from Sabrina Silver!Kim , SC
 I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99 , and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me . Although the band is brass , it is electroplated with 14K gold . At first I was worried about the ring being brass , but it still looks quite nice , and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5 K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender . Wonderful . Well worth the sale price !
 Love the pink color of this ring . Will be great to wear this spring and summer . Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company . I recommend them often .
 I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99 , and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me . Although the band is brass , it is electroplated with 14K gold . At first I was worried about the ring being brass , but it still looks quite nice , and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5 K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender . Wonderful . Well worth the sale price !
 Love the pink color of this ring . Will be great to wear this spring and summer . Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company . I recommend them often .
 I purchased this Greyhound charm as a gift for a family member who LOVES Greyhounds and she went CRAZY over it . The charm is actually VERY NICE for the money paid . I bought the jewelry for a pre-teen . However , it would be suitable for anyone that loves Greyhounds . I was pleasantly surprised when I received the item -- there is quite a bit of detail in the piece . It is well-crafted charm , especially for the price .
 What you see is what you get . Original , nice looking pendant with pearls , with basic chain . My girl likes it .
 Nice , inexpensive finish to handmade earrings . Great for hanging displays at street faires . Seller is prompt and reliable .
 I got this for my husband and it was better then the picture if you love celtic stuff you will love this ring !
 Everything i have purchased from Amazon is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have not had any problems or regrets on anything !!!!
 This pendant is exceptionally pretty , but the picture does not do it justice . My mom will be receiving this for Christmas and it is such a lovely color .
 This is a beautiful piece of jewlery , especially as it is so inexpensive . I was pleasantly surprised to receive such a nice piece for so little money . I was looking for a pink pendant , and this really fits the bil .
 They arrived on time , looked every bit of what I expected and my wife loved them .
 This ring is spectacular . The diamond measures 4mm which makes the ring very elegant . It has a wonderful shine and does not have any inclusions or clouds visible to the unaided eye . I 'm very very happy with this ring .
 Opals look like a diamond from a far in pcitures.Love the oval shape also.Gold is the best for my skin tone light olive.Classic look .
 I received this as a present . I absolutely love it but people should know that it is not exactly like the photo of it shown . There are only 2 diamond accents not diamond accents all around the heart like the picture suggests . although it is very hard to tell this unless you are looking closely . Other than that the chain is thin and it is very beautiful I love my gift .
 These are much smaller than I expected ... but I was actually happy with that . I do n't like big earrings , especially with two little kids who like to pull on my face . :-RRB- They are small , but very cute and practical . I love that they have the hinge closure instead of the kind you have to try and get the rod in the hole . VERY CUTE !
 This is a best buy . I have problems finding simple hoop rings in dept stores . Sabrina Silver rings I been wearing for a few years now and I love them . The way I wear my earrings , I wear them 24/7 , 365 , to bed , etc. . With this kind of abuse they last at least a year before the clasp eventually gets bent a bit too much and they get loose . I have had expensive sterling dept store earrings that give out in a weeks . I fear for the day I ca n't find these on amazon anymore .
 Just what I wanted . Love these earrings ! I have n't taken them out of my ears since I received them -LRB- 2 months ago -RRB- !
 I like them better than the continuous ones and they stay latched even when I wash my long hair . They do n't have another color metal bleed through . And they are cheap enough that is I lose one I do n't have to pay a fortune to replace it or wait long for it 's arrival .
 I 'm on my second pair of these -LRB- lost one down the sink -RRB- . They are my favorite pair of earrings . They go with everything . Easy to put on and take off . Very cute !!
 The earrings are awesome !! They arrived swiftly and I am very happy with my purchase . Great seller ! What else can I say but great great great .
 I bought these earrings for my wife for Christmas and received them shortly after placing the order.The carrier managed to smash them during shipping because of the packaging.I notified the merchant immediately and they were more than happy to get me another set out in time for Christmas . They told me to just mail the others back when I got a chance.The new ones arrived in time and my wife is very happy with them with no complaints .
 This is a best buy . I have problems finding simple hoop rings in dept stores . Sabrina Silver rings I been wearing for a few years now and I love them . The way I wear my earrings , I wear them 24/7 , 365 , to bed , etc. . With this kind of abuse they last at least a year before the clasp eventually gets bent a bit too much and they get loose . I have had expensive sterling dept store earrings that give out in a weeks . I fear for the day I ca n't find these on amazon anymore .
 I have three holes in my ears , and I like to have little hoops in the outer two . These are absolutely perfect ! I hate the endless loops , but the clasps usually poke me and are really uncomfortable . These are n't bad at all , great price , and really pretty .
 I love these little hoops . I wear them every day . They look nice , but are n't big and flashy . They 've never come unlatched and fallen off or anything .
 Thanks for the great product and quick delivery . I 've enjoyed the earrings every day since I got them in the mail !
 I like the earrings but did n't pay much attention to their size . They are real tiny . I would have liked them to be much larger .
 I like these earrings ; however they are smaller than I anticipated . They do work well with everything tho and I can even sleep with them .
 These are really the only style earrings i wear . They came in excellent condition . Bought these months ago with no sings of wear .
 I was looking for small sterling silver hoops to wear in the second holes of my ear . They arrived ... a bit larger than what I wanted , but nevertheless , exactly as described ! I was hoping they would touch the bottom part of my lobe as they looped around ... at no fault to the seller , as they are described perfectly in the description , I will just have to purchase the `` tiny hoops '' that Sabrina Silver makes as well . They are very comfortable and will wear them alongside the `` tiny hoops '' when I receive them . Fast shipping too ! Thank you ! : -RRB-
 easy transaction . Earrings arrived quickly , were just as promised and at a great price . Would most definitely buy from this seller again .
 Very good quality ring . Fast shipping and great communication . I will definitely purchase more items from these guys !!!!
 I really like this little pendant , but I certainly expected it to be at least a little reddish , as it seems in the photo . Mine , at least , is a pale purple color with not a hint of red . I definitely like it , but I would have ordered an amethyst if I had wanted purple .
 It is smaller than it appears in the picture but it is very pretty in person . It 's simple and classy and goes with everything !
 I bought this pendant for my teenage daughter . It 's a classic beauty . Eye catching without being flashy . We both love it .
 this is a great purchase . Come with a jewelry pouch and total cost was under $ 10 .
 These are the perfect size loops . I have two holes in my cartridge . They are perfect for me . If you are an adult , and you have some type of piercing that require a small -LRB- not tiny -RRB- earring . These are the ones . I 'm purchasing a couple of sets .
 They came in a good amount of time , and look really cute . Thank you so much !! I will look here next time I need earrings .
 These earring are very small perfect for a baby . I bought them for my 18mos old who is constantly pulling her earrings out . the left earring falls out occassionally and has been since I purchased them . Im not sure if thats a defect of my kid working them . each time I have been able to retrieve them so they are GOOD . Ror the money I paid I cant complain . I 'd buy them agian .
 These are much smaller than I thought they 'd be , but I am pleased with them . I like how they stay in - I want to buy some for my daughter so that she does n't wear-and-lose-half-a-pair of my earrings . I think they will be something that will last for years .
 I bought these earings for my 2yr old dtr . I think they were excellent value for money and small enough so her tiny fingers can not pull them out . I would only recommend them for small children as they are very very small . All the same , I do like them !!!!!!!
 The earrings were great and a great price ... shipping was already high , and then I had to go to the post office to pick them up for insuf . postage ... NOT COOL !
 I bought this for my mother on her birthday an she absolutely loved it . Although it would be better if it was a bit bigger it was still very pretty an i was satisfied with the smile on my mother face when i gave this to her .
 I just received this pendant in the mail and other than having to untangle the chain when I first opened it , it 's perfect . The heart without the bale is about the size of a penny which is just perfect for me since I like dainty jewelry . The rubies and diamonds are pretty and the silver is highly polished with rhodium plating . The chain it came with is also comfortable and all in all , it is a lightweight , comfortable , beautiful necklace and it looks just like it does in the picture online . I am pleased : -RRB-
 Heart Pendant is beautiful , but the chain was tangled in nots . . it took meabout one hour to untangle it ...
 I bought two of these pendants for my teenage daughters for Valentines Day , as our family has been through a tough several months taking care of their Mom , who has breast cancer . My daughters were very touched by the gift , and they certainly were excited to know that yes , those are genuine diamonds and `` real '' 14K gold . It is a dainty but pretty pendant , and my daughters have worn them so much since presentation , I know they mean a lot to them ... this pendant can be worn with either very dressy or even very casual clothes , and is striking to the eye in either case .
 I ordered this for my daughter-in-laws birthday . She adored it and it made her whole day , she wore it to work that evening and received many compliments . One happy customer ! Delivery was right on time and the picture & description were right on .
 My daughter requested `` exquisite silver jewelry '' for her 16th birthday . We got her this necklace and she loves it . She is not really a `` girly-girl '' , but she wears this necklace every day . It is much prettier `` in person '' even than in the picture .
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 GREAT COMBINATION OF COLORS ... NATURAL , BEAUTIFUL AND QUALITY GEMSTONES !!! I RECEIVE LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS WITH THESE EARRINGS !!!! A GREAT ADDITION TO MY EVERYDAY COLLECTION !!!
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 and I am very pleased . It is well made and very sparkly . I bought the peridot and citrine as well and they stack well all together , with other rings or look great alone . Excellent SS ring for the price !
 This ring is GORGEOUS ! It looks totally real when you look at it . The only way you can tell it 's not is if you hold it because it 's too light to be real . This could fool anyone .
 I love sterling silver and decided to take a chance in ordering this ring . And I 'm glad I did . I absolutely love it . It is just perfect . I 've received compliments from friends and strangers alike.Suggestion
 Purchased as a gift for a friend . Stone color , cut and clarity as expected . Lovely design . Quality is excellent relative to price . An unexpected discount was applied . I was charged no additional fee for expedited shipping . Light pink velvet gift box is unattractive .
 My grandson loved his medallion and it finished off his Dracula costume perfectly . He was very happy and so was his mother and I.
 I was skeptical about purchasing these earrings but i have to admit i dont regret my decision ! these earrings are beautiful ! a bit hard to put on i will admit but gorgeous nonetheless !
 These are very close if not the exact same shade as real Tanzanite . Considering what the cost of a pair of real Tanzanite earrings would be in this size - well I 'm extremely happy to have these as a substitute ! I may even order a second pair as a back up because they are that pretty . Highly recommend .
 I wanted chipped earrings with just the stones and no fancy design and I finally found it here . I bought rose quartz , smokey quartz and carnelian chipped earrings and they are all worth it . Reasonably priced and good quality .
 Nice colored stones and it complimented the braclet well . My friend loved it . She likes anything purple and the stones are her birthstones .
 Product arrived earlier than expected and are prettier than the picture . Will be a terrific Christmas gift . Will order again
 These earrings are beautiful and they compliment a lot of my outfits . They are comfortable and lightweight and do n't irritate my ears . I 'd recommend them !
 Thank you so much for this product . It is a beautiful color of Lavendar and it is great . So glad I took time to look it up on line and to purchase it . Take care .
 I just wore this pair the other day , everyone that saw them loved them . The color is so delicate ; and , looks like real amethyst . I certainly will be buying more of these earrings . The price is definitely right , and they look good , too !
 I got these for a gift and the receiver loved them and now she will order the bracelet and necklace soon .
 Sometimes I just want a splash of color instead of gold or silver and these earings do the trick . I really enjoy them .
 I bought this item as a part of a 3pc set for my mothers birthday ... While she loved the earrings , I myself was a little disappointed with the look to the earrings on two fronts . First off the earrings look stiff , I expected them to dangle a bit but they 're straight and stiffer then a stiff on in the morn -_- . and secondly , the color of the chips were really light compared to the other 2 pieces.But all in all my mother did n't mind , and she was quite moved by the gift .
 I gifted these to my friend . Luckily for me , she loves purple , so she loved it . Its delicate and very pretty . Would go nicely with a dress or even jeans . Hopefully it wont break easily , cant tell .
 These earrings are very nicely made . I bought them for my 12 year old niece for Christmas . They look very cute on her !
 I am absolutely delighted by the Amethyst earings , they go very well with my amethyst necklace that cost considerably more when costed by # of stones .
 I bought a pair of these earrings for myself about 5 months ago . They are still in excellent condition , despite multiple wearings , and I am very pleased with them ; the silver is still bright and untarnished . I bought three more pairs to give to relatives this Christmas , and they are also delighted with the earrings.The reason I did not give five stars is that the earrings do not look like the picture . Like another reviewer commented , the earrings I received are all the darkest purple ; there is not the lovely gradation of tones shown in the photo . Furthermore , the earrings I received do not have the variation in stone shape shown in the photo . It may be that each pair is different , and I just received several similar pairs by coincidence.However , like I said , I am pleased with the product nonetheless , and the price is unbeatable ! I would buy more of these .
 long enough to be jaunty without dragging on my shoulder . comfortable enough to leave in for several days , not heavy . a good purchase !
 Received these as a gift . Love them . They are my birthstone and go with many outfits . Great buy and super cute .
 I had n't even gotten 10 feet in the door at work before I received the first of many compliments on my ` gorgeous earrings ' . They are indeed stunning - stacked amethysts on a sterling silver wire . They are light on your ears but heavy on the compliments . I would recommend them to anyone .
 I received as a gift the Amethyst Chip necklace and bracelet and I was looking for the earrings . I am always on Amazon.com and I receive emails on any recommendations they send . I received the email for the Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Chip Earrings and I could n't have been more surprised and delighted to have found what I was looking for without actually looking . Thanks to Amazon.com and the wonderful company Silverspeck.com I am perfectly satisfied with the product , price and the company . I have already recommended several of my friends to shop there .
 Stocking stuffer for my teen age daughter who likes purple -- just as pictured -- good color ; consistent throughout - a little sparkle from the polished chips -- any bigger and I think they would be too big -- as to breaking , I wo n't know unitl after Xmas -- got the bracelet also and a very good match -- $ 2.00
 I got these to go with the bracelet , thinking it would make a nice set , and it does . With the low price , I has reservations about quality . I had no reason to worry ! The color was uniform , the earrings sturdy , and they matched the bracelet exactly . I would shop with SilverSpeck again !
 I purchased these earings as a gift for a friend of mine and she absolutely adores them ! She wears them as often as she can ! I ca n't say enough about how simply beautiful and well-made these earrings are . Silverspeck.com is a great supplier of well-made gorgeous natural stone chip jewelry that is affordable and looks great . If you like purple , get these earings !
 I love these earrings because it looks good on . It 's a very nice amethyst . And together with the amethyst crystal chip necklace and bracelet I purchased separately , but as a set , it is a very classy combination . It 's also very COLD to the skin when you put it on . Precious stones are cold when you touch them .
 I wear these earrings all the time . They are lightweight and really quite beautiful . They seems to be well made .
 I ordered these for my mom 's birthday last year . The expected delivery date was on her birthday , but they ended up coming a few days after . Other than that , they 're very pretty and my mom loves to wear them . The stone color definitely varies .
 Nice medium purple color , not too dark , not too light . Unlike the necklace that looks similar , there is no discomfort caused by these earrings .
 Very well made , beautiful , and very affordable . These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection . I recommend this purchase .
 Exactly what I wanted . Fast shipping , good packaging.This was a gift , and so far we have had no issues.Great purple color , she loves them
 I got this as a christmas gift for the GF , i looked online and in the stores , i could not find anything even close to this quality , this is a 1/3 carat diamond earings with a certificate that has the serial number for the earings and a picture . H-I , SI1-SI2 . very good cut , color and clarity , the one i received is a little different from the picture ; it has a six prong setting instead of four which is better IMHO , the diamond will not fall , i would like it in white gold but could not find a good quality one with my budget . As for the seller , very good product , excellent price , fast shipping , i can not complain
 They were a Valentines Day Gift . I ordered them late , but they arrived on time . My wife had new holes put in her ears last weekend just for the new studs . Although , they are small diamonds , their brilliance makes them look much bigger .
 This charm has a terrific size , it is wonderfully made and , if it becomes available again , I will buy it . I would recommend this charm to anyone .
 Beautiful , extremely clear , shining , Trendy Swarovski Crystal Heart Sterling Silver Leverback Dangle Earrings ... well cut . Impressive . Much better than I imagined them to be . Match with many outfits .
 Does say `` HEART PATIENT '' on the underside . Durable , as I wear mine all the time through work and sleeping with it on .
 Lavender is one of my favorite colors , so I was drawn to these earrings immediately . It is rare to find lavender stones , and these earrings are such a refreshing shade of lavender , every bit as lovely as they look in the photo . They are also elegant
 I am so very happy with my Mystic Topaz Pendant . It is so very beautiful and the gemstone so heavy . I felt the chain did n't do it justice so I ordered a nicer one and used the other one with a lighter pendant I had . Even though I thought the chain too lightweight I would never return it because the beauty of the gemstone is so very breathtaking !
 These earrings are cute but they are not what I expected . From the picture it looks like they are almost two-toned . I thought half of the heart would be shiny and the other half would be a darker silver -- that 's why I bought them . They are actually a solid very shiny silver . They also appear thicker and a bit rounded in the picture but they are actually pretty flat and thin . Very cute and nice but not at all what I thought I was buying . The did arrive in a timely manner and nicely packaged . I 'll give them a 4 out of 5 because of the deceptiveness of the picture .
 The earings were a big hit , as they were a valentine gift . When the light hits they really pop . The recipient could not say enough nice things about them , so I figure a five star rating is the best I could give to the product . Thank you for this really neat find .
 Very highly polished . Light reflects nicely from surfaces , nice movement in slight dangle . I have worn them every day since they arrived . very pleased with purchase .
 I have been waiting for these to go on sale for the longest time . I bought the matching necklaceSterling Silver Triple Heart Drop Pendant , 18 `` quite a while ago and really wanted the matching earrings . I received them just in time to wear them for Valentines Day and I love them ! I received several compliments from friends asking if it was a new set and where I bought them . Unfortunately the necklace is no longer in stock , but I still recommend the earrings and it should n't be too much of a problem to find something sold here on Amazon to wear with them
 I GOT THEM FOR THE WIFE AND SHE LOVES THEM . I WILL LOOK FOR MORE OF THIS STYLE IN THE FUTURE .
 These earrings are just perfect-in size , sparkle and design . I would recommend to anyone who loves the heart shape dangle .
 I ordered these earrings for my best friend 's birthday . She loved them when she opened the package , and wears them all the time . They can be worn for casual or dressy . Silver goes with everything !!!
 I got these earrings as part of the Mother 's Day gifts for my wife . They look very nice and my wife was quite happy with them .
 i absolutely LOVE these earrings . i especially like the style of the hook and the way they stay in place without need of the little rubber stoppers . they are great . i wish i could find more like them .
 These earrings DO move very nicely and catch a lot of light . However , for the price , they ARE quite thin . I was expecting a much heavier pair for the price .
 These earrings are very pretty , just thought they would be a little heavier , but overall happy with the order and the price was good . They were packaged well and came on time .
 These are such pretty earrings . The metal has depth to the color and the do not color the skin or cause infections like some metal earrings do
 I have actually bought two pair of these . . they are very nice , I gave them to my wife as a gift , she ended up losing one after a while , I liked them too much for her not to have another pair ! very nice !
 What a pleasant surprise ! The picture can not do justice to these adorable earrings . They are shiny and just the right size . They can be worn with anything . A great everyday earring or look great with dressier clothes . Because of this and all of the compliments I have received , they are great as a gift . I have since bought some for my daughter-in-laws and they thought I spent a lot more money than I actually did . I highly recommend these for everyone .
 bought them as a gift for my wife , she liked them pretty much , small and cute . great item as an informal gift or can be bought togather with other stuff like pendants or bracelets . delivered quickly and in a very elegant jewelry box .
 I Bought these for my wife for Christmas and she loves them . She wears them all the time and like to wear them when we go out . I like how shiny and ` rich ' looking they are . I 'm really glad I got thrm for her .
 I was looking for a Christmas gift for my other half here and came across the Amazon combination of these earings and necklace with the sliding open heart . I knew this was it , bought the combo and they were a hit with her.The earings seem fairly solid , made very well and are of good quality . I give them 4 stars out of 5 because they seem a little pricey for what they are . For the most part very good earings .
 I bought these for a small gift for my girlfriend on valentine 's day . They were a huge hit with her and she wears them all the time . Great value !
 There 's not a lot to say about this item , but I will include these points : - End stays screwed on relatively well - WILL crack if you accidentally bite the plastic ; very brittle - Does not irritate or inflame piercing - Not uncomfortable to wear
 This pendant is beautiful and an excellent value for the price . I am very pleased with it and get quite a few compliments when I wear it .
 I bought this pendant for my friend 's 30th birthday . We have been friends since high school , and I wanted to get her something special . I was a little bit hesitant to order anything online , and was afraid it would not look as good as it does in the picture . I was amazed when it came in the mail and it looked so beautiful , better than I expected.It is the perfect size , not too big and not too small . My friend loves it , and it looks charming on her .
 The Flower Pendant is gorgeous . I 'm wearing it now . It is so elegant.Thank You !
 Very beautiful indeed , except the chain , which is too thin . However , my wife was of the view that the chain makes it look even more pretty .
 I love the flower , although to some it looks like either a sunburst or a snowflake . But to me I know it 's a little flower and I think it looks very elegant .
 This item turned out to be just as pretty as pictured , and if you watch rhodochrosite on e-bay , you 'll know that it 's usually more expensive than this piece and not as attractive . The chain is very nice . There is an oval shaped rhodochrosite pendant -LRB- ASIN B000J4FMKU -RRB- that I suspect is just as pretty if not prettier . I 've had a very good experience with just about every item I 've bought from SilverSpeck .
 The other reviewer was very right in that the size is HUGE . And I mean HUGE . I 'm only 5 ' and barely 100lbs and when I opened this up , I was so hesitate and undececeive about returning it or not . The thing is huge both length wise and width wise.As I was debating it , for Christmas eve , which also happened to be my birthday , I wore a black knee length dress that had a deep V neck with a black cardigan on top , and decided to give the necklace a try . It worked well . I didnt really go out , just family coming over , but I received plenty of compliments from members of my family who hardly gives 'em ... and one who even asked me for it ! lol So I guess it 's a good buy!It really is unique though and you wont be finding the same pendent on someone else ! lolBut again as the other reviewer state , besides a v-neck shirt/dress , I wouldnt know what else to wear it with ... I also wish the chain was a bit shorter ... as I 'm a petite person myself and would rather have the pendent sit further up my neck ... Otherwise though , I 'm glad I purchased it as it is unique .
 This is a great ring . The combination of colors and the excellent construction make this a good buy .
 Not super impressive in reality . Very pretty , but much smaller than the pictures make you think . The stones are dulled a bit as well .
 Nice item , saved me at Christmas -- shippping and tracking allowed me to find this quick , I thought it might have been accidently locked away by the landlord -- tracking said go to mailbox , there it was
 Its a little long after your swelling has gone down , but i kept wearing it anyways . Looks very nice , retains its shine . Very satisfied . Threads didnt strip at all and I havent taken it out in 7 months . I could sell it to someone and they would think its new -LRB- but Im not going to -RRB- . Terriffic , 100 % recommended !
 I give 4 stars because the shipping took 2 much time . . i ordened them last friday and i recived them today thursday ... I bought them because the normal size is too short for my tongue . . i bought 4 . . And i love them . . u can screw both balls ... i was wondering if they were that way . . and yeah . . they are ! :D < 3
 Simple and classy looking . I love smaller earrings ... these are just right ... a lovely deep purple color . They hang just a bit below the earlobe , which I like . Very glad I made this purchase . Often I have bought Silver Speck 's jewelry , which is pretty and affordable . Enjoy !
 This bracelet is great for casual times . The stones in mine almost match in color . They look like stones and not plastic as some stones end up looking . You have to like clunky jewelry to like a bracelet like this one . It is unusual , and I think , rather pretty .
 I got this on a great deal for Sajen products . The colors are much brighter than the picture shows , and when I put it on , it really is very pretty . Not too heavy , a great accent to any outfit . This is another one of those things I get as a possible gift to give , but then like it so much , I end up keeping it ...
 i love my earrings ... not too big , not too small ... just right ... latches are secure ... arrived in excellent time . . would definitely buy from them again !!
 I was so anxious to get these and they arrived today . I could not be happier with them ! Perfect size , not too large , not too small , the color is amazing ! LOVE them !
 I love the color of this necklace , it 's like clear seawater . It 's well made , and weighty , but not heavy . Only thing is it 's 23 '' at the longest point , not at the neck opening and you ca n't wear a necklace extender with it because it 's a toggle closing . But this necklace is an amazing value for little expense ! Highly recommended .
 I wear this bracelet quite frequently . It 's not too heavy and I find it very attractive . Nice quality also .
 I got this bracelet for my sister it is beautiful and not to ligth
 This was n't really for me im not in to this kind of thing but was purchased for wife and she likes it very much I guess I would buy again if this is for you thanks
 Very small and delicate , this is exactly what I wanted . My wife loves it . It 's hard to find anything in platinum at a decent price .
 This necklace is beautiful and exactly what I wanted . I wish that they would have given measurements of the square -LRB- it 's about 8 mm -RRB- so I was lucky that it was as small as I hoped . The actual chain looks a bit different than pictured . The links are a bit bigger than I thought , so I just bought a different chain -LRB- I bought a 16 '' chain and it looks great -RRB- and transferred the square over . Over all the price is perfect . Much better than Jared Jewelers was quoting me -LRB- over $ 500 for the EXACT same necklace -RRB- . I 'm thinking of ordering a few more for gifts and myself in case I ever lose it since the price is so great .
 I 'm posting this review because the only one here is from someone who said it looked like a `` child 's charm '' and returned it - That 's absurd.I purchased the Blue version -LRB- not this purple -RRB- and it was very unique , eye-catching , and got lots of compliments , I highly recommend it.It comes on a very basic , thin chain ... You 're not paying for the chain , you 're paying for the hand-crafted pendant , take it off and put it on your own nice chain -LRB- that 's what I did -RRB- .
 I bought this matching set as a gift for my wife . I had never heard of Dahlia , but it turned out to be everything that I had hoped it would . I will do business with them again .
 I was very impressed with the item . The look of the pearls is amazing . The clasp looks great and is much better than a normal clasp . A very elegant yet affordable set .
 I purchased this item as a gift , and was greatly relieved when I opened the package to find a substantial product . As we have ` sweater season ' I had been worried that the physical strength would not stand up to a cable-knit sweater . This is quite strong , and will not bend easily . The loop on the back will accept a 1.5 mm chain , or a 1.8 mm if it has small looped links . Elegantly casual .
 If you want your jewelry to looks it 's best , you have to buy one . This is an excellent jewelry cleaner . I have used the unit to clean small and large pieces of jewelry . Ultrasonic cleaning is great for getting into the knooks and crannies of your jewelry that you ca n't reach . The unit produces 42,000 ultrasonic waves per second which is the best you will get unless you buy a professional model which would cost a heck of a lot more . I still take my jewelry to my jeweler every 6 months to be steam cleaned and make sure no stones are loose , but this product saves me tons of money in between visits by getting my pieces clean and leaving them beautifully sparkley.UDPATE
 This jewelry cleaner fits all my jewelry , even my largest necklace . I can clean lots of earrings at the same time , and not have to dip my fingers in the solution to get them out since the cage is removable . I love the watch holder , which allows me to clean the band without getting the watch face wet . Anyway , my jewelry looks like new again , so I 'm more likely to wear it .
 I researched ultrasonic cleaners last year and got this one for my wife . She is VERY happy with it . The other cheaper ones did n't appear to do anything according to the reviews . The professional ones probably work better ; however , they are also much more expensive . With this one , you can see the dirt coming off of the jewelry . It comes with cleaning solution and works better with the solution . My wife reuses the solution until it is really dirty , after 1 year she still has 1/2 a bottle left . She uses it for rings , necklaces , and bracelets .
 I have been shopping around for a nice ultrasonic jewelry cleaner as Iam a jewelry addict . This is by far the nicest machine for the price.I highly recommend this item ... now my jewelry has it 's original blingback ! Thanks .
 I was also searching for the ` jewlers cleaning sparkle ' . This product is worth the money becaause it cleans better than anything else I have tried . I had n't had my ring professionaly cleaned since I had it resized 2-3 years ago.I added some home cleaner -LRB- like Fantastic -RRB- to the cleaning solution after not being too impressed with the first 2 cycles . It took about 5 cleaning cycles but my ring looks fantastic .
 When I received this ring I felt I was in the early 19th century . I am very pleased with this ring . The sapphire stones are gorgeous . I recommend this ring to anyone who enjoy vintage jewels . It looks like a ring my grandmother would wear . Even her mother . The sellers were very helpful with my questions .
 The ring is beautiful , delicate & truly looks vintage . Sizing is true.The filigree is amazing - in total it stands out amongst modern jewellery as something unique and special from a distant era - when people took the time to concern themselves with the finest of details.I 'll be wearing a work of art !
 This ring was purchasaed for my daughter and looks lovely on her hand . She loves art deco and the fit was perfect .
 I got this from my husband as an anniversary gift and it is BEAUTIFUL ! It is even more beautiful in person than in the photos shown . The stones look darker when you 're wearing the ring but I think the picture is accurate for how dark they are when it 's on . We do n't have any heirlooms in my family and I feel like I got one with this ring . People always think it 's a real antique . I love it !
 Your picture of this rings shows blue sapphires so I was disappointed to see that the ring I received has such dark stones that they appear black . The ring is definitely NOT as advertised .
 This is a very beautiful pendant . Quite overpriced , but you can get it at a decent price in the goldbox deals . There is a good balance in the two stones , and very good shine in them . It looks exactly as shown in the picture . The pendant has good weight to it . My 5 year old loved it so much , she kept begging me to give it to her . The only con is that it does n't come with a chain . You 'll need to buy that separately .
 This pendant is AMAZING . I cant tell you enough how that photo does NOT do this large pendant any justice . Its a NICE weight . Its pretty big too ! Not too big , but big enough to to be the focal point of your necklaces if you layer . Beautiful enough to just be worn alone a a simple gold snake chain . The bail is thick and big and attached . . This pendant is like a geode . . the middle is carved out of the main stone and sparkeles like no diamond could . The stone above is gorgeous too . Its truly so stunning i cant stop staring ! Im mystified and so happy with this pendant ! New favorite and a definate heirloom .
 It 's way smaller than the picture suggests . It 's too girly-looking for a senior although if it was larger , I might have worn it . It seems to be more fit for a teenager . It 's a very pretty blue and the pendant is nicely crafted but the chain is too flimsy and short .
 wow , this is really small ! i do n't recomend for your tongue . unless you are super tiny and have a teeny tongue . i have n't worn a barbell in years but i knew the hole was still open . i needed something with a small guage and small balls at the ends . it is small all right ! looks more like a eyebrow barbell-thing . my own fault , i am bad with measurements.pull out your ruler before you decide !!
 Very nice and very stylish . Worth the price .
 Gift for Aunt . My grandma just passed away and she liked snowman . So gave it to my aunt for chritmas . So she could care on her mothers memory . She cried when I gave it to her . But Loved it .
 I bought this cute pin when it was 60 % off , so I got a great deal . It will be a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law who collects snowmen . I do n't know if it is worth $ 50.00 , but it was definately worth $ 20.00 !
 I just received this brooch and just love it ! The picture does not do it justice ! Much much prettier in person . It has a look of pewter .
 Bought those for christmas and i 'm in love with them they are my new favorite studs
 I was very pleased at how fast I received this product and I am also very please at the quality of the product . If I find something I like again from this company I will order from them again . I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sterling silver .
 I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores , and could not find any better for the price . It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery . My girlfriend loved them , and she has already got compliments on them , the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws , but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished . The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose , fell off fairly easily , -LRB- the first time this happened we thought it broke -RRB- because the gap on the eye hook was too big , but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free . But all the other eye hooks looked fine .
 My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter . The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention , but in an understated way . The set even arrived quicker than expected , especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush . We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well .
 I bought two of these , one of each birthstone of my grand daughters to wear for myself like a `` grandmother 's necklace '' . They are the cutest and well worth the value . I really like them and love wearing them to think of the girls .
 This is the second item I 've ordered from Sabrina Silver and both the quality and delivery are excellent . Will order from this supplier again !
 Came right on time maybe a day or so early ... Was everything I thought it would be . Now lets just hope grandma likes it just as much as I do ! : - -RRB-
 This charm is very beautiful ! A bit pricey , or else I would of given it five stars . But it 's well worth keeping .
 I looked everywhere for a menorah pendant until I found this one . It was exactly what I wanted and I have gotten many compliments on it . The back is flat as I expected , but the front contains all the details as seen in the picture . The bale is not soldered , and it would be nice if it was because it is the perfect size and I wear all the time . With the price of gold going up , this is a good value . I am ordering one for a friend who liked mine so much . If the bale was soldered , I would give it 5 stars , but since it is n't , 4 is a good rating .
 I love this necklace . It is very pretty , and I love that you can buy the length of chain you need -- very smart selling point !
 I 've looked at a lot of eternity pendant necklaces but this is the first one I 've found on a snake chain . Very pretty . Very nice . Good quality
 I ordered this for my friend for Mother 's day . It 's her son 's birthstone . She is so proud of showing off her pendent symbolizing her beautiful little boy and his birth-month .
 I was afraid that ordering a diamond online would be a bad experience . It was not . The ring is beautiful , my fiancee loves it , and it 's going to look good on her finger for decades to come.THANK YOU !
 This is a beautiful sterling charm that will be a nice gift for a friend . I like that it 's simple and looks good for a twenty-something gal .
 I bought this matching set as a gift for my wife . I had never heard of Dahlia , but it turned out to be everything that I had hoped it would . I will do business with them again .
 I was very impressed with the item . The look of the pearls is amazing . The clasp looks great and is much better than a normal clasp . A very elegant yet affordable set .
 The silver is very good quality , same as the stones . . only the rubies are a bit lighter colour than the picture , and one earring does n't close perfectly , but that 's not a real problem ! But the earrings do look nice !
 absolutely love this product , but wish I could find a bracelet to match this set , I found a great ring , stud , & necklace set to match from a different seller .
 For the price I figured that the product would be cheap and cheesy looking . I was amazed at the quality of this product . I bought the earrings for my daughter but after seeing the product have decided that I want a pair for myself as well . I love them and will recommend the product and company to any and all .
 Nice earring , the size very good , the stones fine and looks wonderful when you wear them . Everybody ask me for the price , they could n't believe how much I paid !!!
 Got someone who likes turquoise ? They 'll probably like these chip earrings . I saw from a few other reviews that some people were dissatisfied with the color of the turquoise ... I did n't have that problem . I gave these as a gift and the girl liked them ; she thought they were probably around $ 10 so I suppose that 's a win for me.I ca n't comment on how durable they are , but they look pretty good when she wears them . They 're a bit small , probably you only get 5 or 6 chips per earring , but they work for a simple accessory . If you want something a bit more elegant -LRB- and a bit more expensive -RRB- I would recommend these : Sterling Silver Double Oval Drop Earrings.Thanks for reading : -RRB-
 Purchased as a gift . They look very nice and she enjoys wearing them . A good value . She recommends them to others .
 these were given as a xmas gift , bought the set of 3 -LRB- these , red coral and amethyst -RRB- for a very good price . recipient loved these . they look really nice on .
 I saw not one negative review , and that is understandable
 I got this same earring in four colors -- onyx , red , turquoise and purple -LRB- how did I miss the lapis ? -RRB- They surely are a bargain , seem to be well made and match a number of necklaces for which I had no appropriate earrings . They are lighter and more comfortable than some of the extremely expensive earrings I own . I recommend them heartily .
 These are so pretty , just like they do in the photo . Shipping was faster than I expected . Each pair of earrings came with a dark blue velvet bag . And you ca n't beat the price . I 'm very pleased !
 I had a pair of turqoise earrings similar to these and lost one of them . I was delighted to find these since they match my one other earring to a tee ! Now I have an extra and the price was fantastic !
 The first words out of my mouth when I unwrapped these was `` aah '' . The color is beautiful and really much nicer than in the picture . It feels so nice to finally be able to say that . They come with a very small fauxvelour bag which is not impressive , so I 'll find a box for them since they are a gift . This is a winner !
 These earrings are a very pretty blue . The stones are not shiny . The dangle itself is about 25mm in length and 8mm in width . Nice craftsmanship . Sturdy wires .
 These earrings are great . As inexpensive as they are , I was a bit concerned that they would be too small or the quality would be lacking , but no worries ! A wonderful gift and she loved them .
 My co-worker loved this gift and matching bracelet that came with the gift . It was reasonable and helped me to stay on budget .
 Very well made , beautiful , and very affordable . These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection . I recommend this purchase .
 The price was amazing and it goes with a bracelet I ordered to go with it . Makes a beautiful gift .
 Product was described accurately . Turquoise stone earrings on sterling silver hooks . Great for people with sensitivity to metal . Product was a good price for its quality .
 I like the earrings themselves , but they were a suggested buy with a turquoise necklace and bracelet , and the blues are nowhere close to matching . The other 2 pieces are more green and these are more blue .
 These earrings were a Christmas present . Needless to say they went over very well . Fast shipping . Gorgeous earrings ! I was very pleased with the design .
 Very well made , beautiful , and very affordable . These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection . I recommend this purchase .
 I love these , they are so pretty ! I would definitely buy this product again as a gift for friends or family .
 I love these earrings and they are well made and a bargain at this price !
 i bought this for my 92 year old mother in law , it is my son 's birth stone . she absolutely loves it . it is very cute & well made .
 It 's a cute tongue ring and the balls hardly ever come unscrewed when they 're not suppose to . Yup .
 Very well made , beautiful , and very affordable . These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection . I recommend this purchase .
 I gave it a four star instead of five because the earrings are a bit heavy . The carnelian and the tiger eye chips are just lovely . It 's a great product for the price .
 I love the rich colors and lovely quality of these stones . I have been wearing SilverSpeck earrings for 5 months and have not had any pairs break . I bought this style for a relative for Christmas , and she loves them .
 These earrings go very nicely with a necklace I purchased and were very reasonable too . I just love , love , love them .
 I purchased this diamond ring as a gift for myself to wear as a `` right hand ring '' . For the price , the ring itself is pretty amazing . The stone is exceptionally sparkly and clear , and is actually larger than I thought it would be . I love it !!!
 for this price i expected somthing just ok , but i was surprised , the diamond is really shiny and clear and the ring is just beautiful .
 I was extremely suprised about the quality of the pendant . The necklace has already broken -LRB- too thin -RRB- but the pendant is absolutley beautiful .
 I bought this matching set as a gift for my wife . I had never heard of Dahlia , but it turned out to be everything that I had hoped it would . I will do business with them again .
 I was very impressed with the item . The look of the pearls is amazing . The clasp looks great and is much better than a normal clasp . A very elegant yet affordable set .
 Very happy with the look and the quality . My wife noted that the string was knotted , and we were pleased that the lovely flower-shaped clasp was coated to avoid tarnishing . She 's still having fun wearing variations on the set -LRB- wore just the earrings and bracelet today without the necklace -RRB- . I had been concerned that the 18 '' `` princess '' length might be too short , but it turned out to be the perfect length for her .
 very nice piece of jewelry she loves it and rarely takes it off ... and thats what really counts for her . I would buy again from this source and I am pretty picky . all in all nice product good transaction
 The Red and White Bullsey Logo Barbell Tongue ring is n't something you want to wear everyday because it makes you feel like you have a fat tongue . By the end of the day you 're mostly used to it , but it 's still a little odd . You can tell by the picture that the bullseye is about twice the size of a normal barbell ball .
 Has yet to agaib be seperated from my tongue . What can I say ? It helps remind me of the concept of balance , when it I see in the mirror , in the window , or just by sticking out my tongue .
 Bought these for my mom very light ... detailed and very pretty she loves them and wears them often ... . Definitely a great purchase
 These tricolor earrings are just large enough to be noticed , small enough to be discrete and go with just about everything . - being vermail makes the color a little briter than gold would be but is an advantage for me . Please note though the leaf in the center of the heart is fixed - it is not a separate dangle inside the heart as it appears to be in the picture .
 It 's the first time I odered a tongue ring that had a bigger ball on top and an emblem embedding in it like this -LRB- I ordered two -RRB- . I have to say at first it felt weird but after a few minutes I loved it . AND because the top is like rubber coated over the picture it does n't bother the top of your mouth or your teeth . It 's top heavy to feel but you do n't notice it after a few minutes . I like it a lot .
 I bought this ring for my husband for our anniversary and he wears it everyday . It looks really good , and was exactly as spoke of in this description . It is sturdy and I do n't have anything bad to say about it .
 nice detail , comfy on any finger , good quality , what more could you ask for ?
 Ok , so far , I am really liking EvesAddiction . I have ordered a few pendants from them and they are all fairly priced , good quality , and arrive just as pictured.This pendant is just as shown and absolutely beautiful . I have gotten several compliments on it . It is nickel free -LRB- the skin on my neck would inform me if it were n't -RRB- and easy to clean . Their jewelry also arrives nicely packaged and in a cute little bag that I always feel bad about throwing away . . I am satisfied !
 I received this as a Christmas present . It is so beautiful ! So many people have complimented it too ! The moon is about 35mm long , or about an inch and a half . It is so thin and dainty . I will cherish this for many years to come .
 Necklace just as pictured . Lovely , delicate moon sliver with hidden bail at back . Not too blingy , just enough sparkle . Lays flat and is very pretty on . Skinny , fine chain goes well with the pendant . Clasp is a little difficult , but not frustratingly so . Seems well made for the price . I want it in gold too .
 I had recently ordered and received a crescent pendant from a TV shopping channel . It was real gem stones and triple the cost , but was simply not worthit it in either the look or the quality of the piece . This one definitely is . The pendant appears to be well made , the stones are properly set and the chain has an extender , which a lot of people like . It 's a lovely piece for any one who 's a `` moon girl '' or just wants a believable CZ piece for day or evening .
 This medallion looks exactly the same as the picture . It is very beautiful and well done .
 A pendant I got for my boyfriend 's birthday , one of a pair I got him so he could change it with his whim , although he wears the other pendant more often -LRB- the Celtic lovebirds knot -RRB- this one is still cool . It is somewhat large so it almost looks like costume jewelry , but the sterling silver makes it shine so it looks pretty authentic like a real coin from a shipwreck . If you 're into pirates or the shore or flashy jewelry it would be great for you .
 Lovely earrings for any occasion . Liked them very much . Love the fine manufacture . The stone does not show that much , looks a bit darker than in the photo , but still they look pretty .
 I just received these lovely earrings for Christmas from my son , and I love them . These earrings have been on my Amazon Wish List for almost two years , but my kids always overlooked them in favor of DVDs or books . I was thrilled to finally receive them!Having only seen them on Amazon 's website , I was very pleased to finally see these in real life . They are beautiful ! The crystals are much lighter than the photo suggests ... almost a mint green , but I love the color.I was a bit surprised that Silver Speck charged $ 5.95 S&H ; , since these earrings barely weigh one ounce . Must 've been very cheap to mail . That 's my only complaint , I guess
 I love this necklace ! It is SO much prettier when you actually get it than it is in the picture . It 's also a very nice size . It 's nowhere near tiny and will definitely get you noticed as the royalty that you are ! ; -RRB-
 I gave this as a Christmas gift and it was a huge hit . She loved it and it looked better than the photos .
 I really like how fast u guys got it to me and it was very cool addiction to my collection .
 I purchase 2 of these for my wedding . One for my husband and one for my step-son . They are very small . . but I knew that when I bought them . I would recommend this .
 This shape and style is a wonderful addition to my Italian charm bracelet . It is such an easy , functional piece to wear .
 These earrings are beautiful and large . I got them for my sister , whocollects dragonflies . She loved them . Just one of the nice jewelry I ` vereceived from Amazon .
 I was surprised when I received these earrings . They 're such a nice size . They were a birthday gift for my 10 year old grand daughter . I think they were a perfect size and fit , with wonderful sparkle . A very nice product .
 these are very nice earrings . they shipped fast and came with free shipping and a coupon . nice packaging .
 The silver is polished perfectly , and the blue topaz sparkles . These are beautiful earrings my wife and daughter love them .
 I purchased this U.S.Navy Irish Celtic Cross as a Christmas gift for my 19 year old son . He says that it is his favorite Christmas gift and has been very proudly showing it to family and friends . He is in Naval Officer training and is very excited over the fact that the cross symbolizes his Irish heritage and Christian faith . Product is beautifully detailed and I am very pleased with the seller 's customer service . Only drawback is that I wish it came with a chain included . Had to buy my own 24 '' silver chain .
 The contrast is n't as clear on the ring but i love the yin yang symbol surrounded in blue .
 More than I expected for less than I paid .
 I am so pleased w/this pendant !!! I just received it today , and honestly , the picture does not do it justice ! The size is perfect , not too heavy , but the detailing is amazing ! It arrived so quickly , and I could n't be happier !!! Thank you so very much , I will treasure this pendant for years to come !!!
 i wear this item every single day . i refuse to take this off . its a constant reminder that i am loved .
 This is a great piece for the 4th of July . She wore it this year , she will keep it for next as well . She loves it . It was well worth the litte money it cost .
 More than I expected for less than I expected .
 These are lovely earrings . The picture makes the garnets look somewhat `` muddy '' , but in real life they are a vibrant garnet red . It is also nice that there is a little hook to secure the earwires , it makes them feel so much more secure than plain earwires . Altogether a very good price on really nice earrings . But all the Sajen jewelry is beautifully made and very attractive .
 The picture of these earrings does not do them justice.They are beautiful.Dress up an outfit.Seller was prompt with delivery .
 I loved the flame design . I have a few flames on my bike , so I wanted this one . My complaint is that the screw ball fastener is plastic and the threads are metal . That 'll last about one day with me -- I 'm too active . I 've been known to loose the metal balls , but the plastic will probably break first . Maybe they should sell a set of metal balls . But then again , the price is right , so who cares , enjoy it for a while .
 My wife wanted a new ring that she could take with her on trips and use day-to-day . This ring has worked very well , would recommend .
 Charms -LRB- I also bought a maple leaf -RRB- are exactly as shown and described , only more beautiful in person . Bell charm has real clapper and fine engraving that enhances the whole piece.This was Christmas shopping made easy . Discounted shipping for multiple item purchase . Parcel arrived well protected and more quickly that estimated.I will purchase for this merchant again with confidence .
 I started a brat necklace when my oldest son was a toddler and now he ismarried . I needed to add his wife 's birthstone to my necklace . I was sohappy to find the right birthstone and in sterling silver to match what I alreadyhad on my necklace . It arrived before I expected it and was just perfect !
 The seller was very friendly and easy to work with . The piece is high quality and looks wonderful . Thanks
 The charm is good but the shipping was high @ $ 6.00 . This cost may have been reduced by using a smaller package or a padded envelope .
 This ring is exactly what I wanted . I love it , my husband was looking for one at a reasonable price . It is worthmuch more .
 The tourmaline earrings appeared to be of good quality and style and had screw-on backs for security . My girl friend liked them .
 I really liked these earrings . I 've been looking for a basic sterling silver hoop earring . I finally found these on Amazon and thought the price was great . It has a solid feel to it , but not too heavy & the latch feels secure .
 These are quite large -LRB- the circle part is the size of a penny -RRB- and heavier than I like my earrings - my fault since I never made the conversion to metric . That said , I still like them and will wear them .
 I bought this earrings as a gift -- I actually bought two pairs ! They 're large like another reviewer mentioned , but they 're clearly high-quality , designer earrings ! Came nicely packaged . I absolutely recommend them !
 I bought this necklace for my grandchild . It is of good quality and looked exactly as the picture on-line . I highly recommend this necklace for little girls .
 This and each order I have received from Sabrina Silver have been excellent for right merchandise and speed of delivery .
 I wear this necklace to symbolize my son . He was born in March so his birthstone is AquaMarine . I 've been wearing the necklace since I received it in the mail from Amazon and plan to wear it for the rest of my life . I am all about family and I 'm very sentimental so things like this mean the world to me .
 This was a first-time jewelry gift for a man -LRB- first time for him to receive jewelry , first time for me to give to him -RRB- I was exceptionally pleased with the supplier
 I like my brat baby pendent that I got for my new grandson to wear with my others , however I still have not received the spacer that goes with it . It was sent by ups and I was not at home so they didnt leave it , now I dont know where it is but it has already been payed for , so what do I do ?
 This item is beautiful and a great price . The necklace is not included . I ordered similar products from a different site and the necklace and the seperating ball was included , however , it did cost about $ 5-7 more . Great product .
 A beautiful butterfly sapphire necklace with diamond accent on a gold chain . Price was excellent and received a $ 25 discount on the order . Perfect gift for that special someone in your life . Received on time and extremely well packaged , including a leather display case .
 I , be been looking for these particular charms for 6 months . kohl keep sending me the wrong color . Finally I got the right one from amazon .
 I purchased this for my daughter on Mothers Day . She flipped !!! She loves it so much and wears it everyday.Thank you !
 My boyfriend and I loved the cufflinks . They were really nicely packaged and arrived on time . Also the design was very pretty .
 I was very pleased at how fast I received this product and I am also very please at the quality of the product . If I find something I like again from this company I will order from them again . I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sterling silver .
 This bracelet is exactly what I was hoping for
 This is n't something you will run into anywhere else . Lovely contrast of textures , deep rose color , comfortable enough to wear all the time . It arrived in two days flat , too !
 I bought this ring to go with the Queen of Hearts enamel heart necklace they have . The pictures make it look fairly normal size but it is in fact tiny . The hearts are a beautiful red enamel but they are small . The ring does fit great and looks cute but not what i expected size wise .
 My hubby got me this ring and I love it so much ! It has definitely become one of my favorites .
 I had a problem with this product they sent the wrong size but the exchange was very fast good people to work with .
 This World Trade Center charm is what I was looking for . It is a nice piece , big enough to be noticed on a bracelet , nicely detailed .
 Bought this for my mother-in-law . She loved it and is so cute . The lobster is a separate piece that moved inside.Goes great with all her other unique charms
 This pendant is small and dainty . It has a very unusual color in sunlight so its stunning . I like to wear this with other chains of varying lengths . I may order another to wear as earrings also . It would also make a nice gift since its crystal and versatile . It came with a small silver gift box .
 This anklet is one of the prettiest anklets I have ever worn . The beads are multicolored turquoise which is very appealing . It fits very well and the extra links allow for comfortable adjustment . I love it !
 This is a very lovely charm . Received it as a gift from my aunt . I love orchids and have several plants both at home and work so this is perfect for me . This charm is small -LRB- read the measurements in the description -RRB- but has nice definition and you can tell what it is . Love it !
 Good product description and price , arrived in reasonably good time considering it came via Australia post . Will definitely buy more .
 I 've been growing orchids since I was twelve . So , when I saw this charm , it was another must have for my charm bracelet . Arrived speedily , very good quality , reasonable price ! I 've seen comparable charms sell for over $ 25 . Looking forward to ordering more charms from this line in the future !
 I love Inuyasha and this necklace is Soooo cute , kinda wish the drawing was a little better but for what it is its enjoyable , a welcome addition for any fan !
 The earrings were just lovely and happily arrived on time . Great purchasing experience . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Bought to replace similar set that was lost . This set is very well crafted and is very similar to the set my wife bought in Arizona .
 My mother-in-law is an RN and we always give her an italian charm for her bracelet for Christmas . It was so nice to see the Clearly Charming had an italian charm for us !
 Simple and beautiful . Beads and silver are a nice combination -- they do n't over-power each other .
 I am a six year ovarian cancer survivor without a recurrence . I support the Minnesota Ovarian Cancer Alliance and I was very pleased to find a way to support awareness with a different , but similar , wristband .
 I purchased this necklace for a wedding and was very happy with the price . The stones were a little larger than I thought , but I was perfectly fine with that . All the stones had great clarity and the color of the sapphire was amazing . The settings were just the right size for the size of the stones and the chain felt very secure . I was so pleased with this purchase that I also bought other sapphire necklaces for my bridesmaids from this same seller .
 I love it ! I like pink stones , and other rings I 've seen with Topaz , & c. come with real diamonds . -LRB- I 'm anti-conflict diamonds . -RRB-
 I ordered this small heart-shaped pendant for my granddaughter for Valentine 's Day . The quality of the workmanship of the piece exceeded my expectations . It 's really beautiful . I am very , very pleased .
 There 's not a lot to say about this item , but I will include these points : - End stays screwed on relatively well - WILL crack if you bite on the balls accidentally - Does not irritate or inflame tongue - Not uncomfortable to wear
 The diamonds are beautiful and I could n't be happier with how the necklace looks . The only thing I do n't like is that the chain is so thin I worry that it will easily break . A chain that is not so delicate would be a better choice .
 These are just beautiful and very well made . I am impressed by the quality . The silver is heavy and the stones are clear and well-set .
 Needed earrings to match a necklace with the same stones ; this fit the bill perfectly . Good quality silver and gemstones .
 I gave this 10k white gold Diamond heart tennis bracelet to my wife on her birthday . She was suprprised and very happy to receive such a nice gift . Only problem is that lock of the Bracelet is very loose so its not suitable to wear everyday . -LRB- You never know when it will drop from your hand -RRB- .
 although the ring is very intrical the sizing is smaller than it claims to be -- maybe due to the artwork/design . i suggest you could wear this on the midsection of your finger < as opposed to the traditional third section of your finger or closest to your palm >
 This ring arrived much earlier than expected . It shimmers nicely in the evening - during the day , well , you can almost tell that is not diamonds - if you look closely - but who does , really ? It is much prettier than in the picture , and it is really well made . A lovely little trinket , arrived in a silver box .
 I love these pearls ! I bought 4 strands for Christmas 2004 -LRB- 2 years ago -RRB- . I bought one for my birth daughter , one for my adopted daughter , one for my daughter-in-law , and one for me . I told all the girls that the women in our family are very strong and we 'll all ware these pearls which will be a symbol of our great inter strength . The pearls have made a wonderful bond between us . All of the girls love thier pearls and will treasure them always . These pearl strands are beautiful and they 've held up to being worn almost daily .
 I love this piece and bought it together with the matching bracelet and earrings . The colors are rich and clear with lots of sparkle . The price I paid for the whole set was what I had paid for one gemstone necklace somewhere else . You will not be disappointed !
 I like this piece , but I do n't love it . The photo is very accurate . Both the peridot and amethyst stones are as deep in color as they appear . `` In person '' , the peridot stones are a little deeper than I personally like . I like the style of this necklace and was hoping the peridot stones would be lighter than the photo ... that amethyst drop stone in this necklace , is a thing of beauty ! Peridot comes in many hues , some of the best quality peridot is very deep green , but it really is n't one of my favorites , however ; it is my birthstone , so I like to wear it , sometimes . I have purchased three other pieces of peridot from Peora that I love . That said , it 's a well made , quality necklace I will definitely wear . It 's also , comfortable on the neck and stays in place .
 True , these studs are large and I was a little surprised when I opened the box and saw them for the first time because I did n't expect them to be so large , but I decided to keep them because they are very pretty . Despite the larger than average size , they have a beautiful color , faceting and setting . If you like a large stud , you will love !
 I ordered these as a gift for someone . When they arrived , I was so pleased with them that I am contemplating keeping them for myself ! They are just stunning ! The sterling silver setting could fool anyone into white gold -LRB- as long you keep them clean -RRB- and the topaz stones are very large and remarkably cut . The topaz stones seem to be flawless . EXCELLENT quality Amazon ! I will definitely be ordering jewelry through amazon.com again .
 The earrings are great ! They have great sparkle and great color.They are larger than they appear ... certainly a `` wow ! '' kind of earring .
 My dad 's birthday came around and we looked high and low for a tie bar locally . None of them were all that stunning . My mom and I picked out this one on Amazon and my dad loved it.Well made , and looks as stunning as the picture . It came with a nice box and shipped really fast -LRB- note the shipping price , they really did ship for the amount , so it was worth it -RRB- .
 Given as a gift to my wife and she loves it .
 I ordered these for my cousins wedding and they looked absolutely stunning and hung perfect all night long ! Definitely ordering again !
 These are nicer than I had expected . Pretty materials and nicely made . Not too heavy but they are substantial . Very happy with them .
 I have become sensitive to all metals except Platinum . Replacing my earring collection with Platinum does not fit into my budget . My solution is to buy Platinum hoops and convert my favorite earrings to earring charms . Sense the charms do not come in contact with my skin , the charms can be of almost any metal . These 10mm Platinum hoop earrings hug my ears perfectly . The delicate size does not distract attention from my charms . I am also buying the 17.5 mm Platinum hoop earrings for those times I want to put on more than one charm at a time .
 I 'm sensitive to many metals including low grade surgical steel ... which was put in for my second piercing . They bothered me for over 2 years . Then I finally found this part of earrings . They feel great and look great . Love the small size . Wish they were cheaper .
 I bought these peace sign earrings for my niece who is in high school . I guess one of the latest trends are peace signs so I thought they would be the perfect gift . The shipment came very fast , in just a couple days , and I really loved the gift box they came in . My niece loves them , they are a nice petite size stud and are very sparkly .
 This is amazing . Love it . Exactly as described ... probably better . Customer service , via email for word to be inscribed was prompt & efficient . I could n't believe how quickly this came from Egypt . I bought the matching pendant chain , and it was a wonderful decision for both .
 I was disappointed as to the size of the hoops . The picture was not actual size and the details only told the width not the diamiter of the hoop . I looked but could not find them . They are nice and were a good price , but in the future the diameter of the hoop would be be helpful .
 It was a gift , so I do n't know if it came in the correct box or not . What I do know is that it is much nicer than the previous bracelet I had of similar design . -LRB- The other one was very cheaply made . -RRB- I 'm sure I 'll enjoy this bracelet for a lifetime . I get a lot of compliments on it .
 This is a very pretty bracelet , many people have complimented me on it . I 'm not disappointed . It is a bit big on me so I have to wear it with two of the charms hanging past the clasp . This is a nice casual bracelet and very affordable . If you are looking for something `` tiffany '' quality then go shopping at tiffany & co , not amazon.com for your jewelry .
 Bought this as a graduation gift for a friend 's daughter . Was very happy with the quality for the price . She loved it and wears it often . Very nice insprational gift .
 I bought these for my dad for my wedding . They 're the kind of style that a young or older guy could wear . Classic yet unique . Love the purple color too .
 I thought this ring was very pretty . Does n't look much like a butterfly but it 's still pretty on my hand .
 I have not taken the ring off since it arrived ... love the ring ... the quality and design are superb and it sits nicely on the finger . I have received numerous compliments and would highly recommend this ring to everyone ... as a gift or for yourself ! Glitzy but not garrish ! A must for any woman !
 I have had real diamonds and everything in between . These moissanite earrings have more fire and sparkle than my real diamonds - literally took my breath away when I opened the box ! In the past , the CZ studs I have had , got scuffed & scratched and lost that initial sparkle after a few weeks . These moissanite studs , have kept every bit of brilliance as they did when I first opened them . The 1.5 carat size I was concerned might be too big and look fake because of the size , but they are actually the perfect size . Do n't hesitate to buy them - they are a great deal . With moissanite , who needs real diamonds ?
 Perfect item , looks better on than in the picture . I have had so many compliments . Everyone even thinks its real . They cant believe that my other half finally gave me a ring . :-RRB- Until I fess up and tell them I bought it myself and its not even real . They tell me that I had them fooled . I love wearing it everyday and it gets noticed . They had no idea they could get one like this with Hope Chest.Having kids and all it goes through a lot and is still holding up . Still looks like it did the day I got it . I recommend it it to anyone . Not only that but now he knows what style I am looking for . Even when I get the real thing I will still be wearing this one . thats how much I love it ...
 I have just received my rings ! The best way to describe my reaction and everyone else 's initial reaction is that they are simply stunning ! I was so amazed at how different the stones looked ` in person ' . This ring absolutely has character and a personality all it 's own . It is elegant , feminine and charasmatic - it just shines ! Everyone will notice it and everyone will have a comment about this ring . . at work , at the grocery counter , at the bank . . does n't matter . I still catch my better half staring at it in disbelief . We were buying a home , selling a home , preparing to move , conjoining families , buying automobiles all while trying to plan a wedding . I decided to shop online for a replica ring of something old estate style but with elegance -LRB- that looked like a fortune -RRB- . I found it ! And I will continue to wear it . . we had initially agreed that it was just temporary , but I will always wear this ring !!
 I bought this ring to wear at work so that I do n't get my `` real '' ring scratched up and ruined . I am now finding that I think I might like this ring a lot better than my very nice `` real '' one . The stone is a believable size unlike many CZ rings that I have seen lately and as a set they just look great . I am so pleased with this product . I never write reviews but I just had to for this ring . I would recommend it to any one - even to be used as their one and only wedding ring . It sure would have saved us a boat load of money .
 This ring set is absolutely stunning ! And it looks so real ! My original wedding set costs $ 4720.00 and does not even compare to this set . I will wear this one from now on . Everyone keeps commenting on how gorgeous the rings are and how my husband must have spend a fortune . Definitely worth buying !!!
 I ordered this ring set for my upcoming 3rd anniversary . It really is very pretty and modest . Not at all flashy . Has an antique-looking quality .
 I bought this ring after reading the other reviews and they were right - it is just the right size to fool anyone . It is a classic , beautiful ring with an antique feel . It is beautiful .
 I just received my ring in the mail yesterday . I think it is stunning . Best of all , this company offered a ring in my size.I was a little nervous about this purchase after reading a few of the other reviews . However , so far so good . I have no complaints .
 I ordered this ring set to replace my `` real '' one when I discovered I was allergic to gold . I liked it so much I ordered another set in order to have two bands , one on each side of the engagement ring . I enjoy wearing this set as much as my real ones .
 Once this ring reached me I was very happy with it . It looks real , has a nice shine , and fits perfectly . BEAUTIFUL .
 when you purchase a Cape Cod bracelet at a Cape Cod jeweler the price is over 100 dollars . The earings are also expensive . the quality of the boxed set from silver insanity does not compare . The bracelet is a much lighter weight and i would not expect the screw ball to have a long life.choose the heavier weight cape cod bracelets if you want to wear this all the time .
 I got this bracelet when I was in Boston visiting for a wedding that I was in . I saw everyone wearing it , it 's staple item there . I wanted one so bad so my friend took me to her local jeweler to get one . I feel in love when as soon as I put it on . I wear it everyday . It 's tough enough to with stand everyday wear and you will never have to take it off . I even wore it in the wedding and it was nice enough that it did n't stand out it looked like it was suppose to be there . I love it and I would love to have one or two more . I am also going to get one for my daughter . With the screw ball closer I do n't have to worry about her taking it off and anything happening to it .
 I think this is the product set that I just received as a gift . It 's obviously not from Eden on Cape Cod but very similiar . It 's a very delicate , simple set and looks very nice on . It seems to be of pretty decent quality too .
 I bought this ring for my grandma 's birthday . Its a good sized ring , but looked real nice on her ring finger . If your purchasing this for someone with smaller hands I would suggest their index or middle finger as the ring itself is quite large .
 I have never seen something so beautifully made , everyone comments on how beautiful it is , its something i have been looking for for along time , something that 's me . your artwork is absolutely perfect , shipping was great too , i would highly recommend this great craftsman work . . : - -RRB-
 This bracelet was purchased for my 7 year old . She really likes it . It has strong cording so that it will not break easily . The one problem that I do find with it is that the horse charms will fall off easily though . I know this is an issue with the charm bracelet itself , however I have found a couple possible solutions . Either soder it your self OR buy the really good metal glue . It works really well.Great bracelet , very cute . . two different types of horses . Would actually rate it . .4 1/2 stars .
 This is a gift for my niece she loves horses ! I think she will love it ! This bracelet is adorable !
 What a wondeful bracelet ! I bought it for my 12 daughter , who loves horses ! I was not disappointed with it!It is very strong and well made . The order was very quick and efficient ! We had it in less than a WEEK.Love it .
 When this bracelet arrived , one of the horse charms was not attached to the bracelet . Before giving this as a gift , I had to re-attach it to the bracelet . That was a little annoying .
 This was bought as a present for a little girl that likes horses . It seemed quite well made and was a big hit .
 This horse bracelet was a gift for my granddaughter a couple of years ago and she cherishes it . A 5 or 6 yr old is too young to appreciate it , and chances are they would not take good care of it . As far as I know there has been no problems at all with the horses falling off or I think she would have told me . Its a beautiful bracelet for girls that love horses and are old enough to take care of a piece of jewelry .
 arrived before estimated date . many previous orders from this seller which always are on time and in excellent condition
 I bought two of these rings as a symbol of love between my partner and I -- a simple band of white-gold . I was nervous about it because of the sizing , but the jewelers were astute and communicated to me the results before resizing them to my specifications . The rings are beautiful and the fitting -LRB- s -RRB- were perfect .
 Beautiful ring . Wearing as my wedding ring after loosing alot of weight . Looks fabulos ! Very sparkly and not to bulky .
 I just received my order today and the rings are awesome ! They are a good weight not cheap and flimsy like I feared they 'd be . They sparkle like crazy and dare I say they look like the real deal ? ;-RRB- I am very impressed and I ca n't wait to wear them . Thanks Amazon . : -RRB-
 Do not hesitate to purchase this set . Very good quality stones as well as the setting . I am wearing two on either side of a three stone diamond band and it looks great !
 This ring is unbelievably beautiful ... as in it sparkles like diamonds and looks like them . . such high quality and I find everytime I wear this set I catch people staring at it or complimenting it . The very first time I wore it I was bartending a wedding and had a guest take my hand and ooh and ahh over it and then go get her huband and had him check it out -- it was a test to see if it was a ring that could pass for the real thing and this one truly passes that test . Very comfortable to wear and with the way she shines you will never want to take it off your hand !!
 This ring is prettier in person . The ring it self is very comfortable to wear . Stones are very real looking . Sparkle beautifully in the sun . I love this . People compliment me on this every day . The ring is also true to size .
 Beautiful , small enough to pass for real diamonds , and plenty bling ! Sizing is spot on , and it arrived packaged beautifully .
 I just got this and i really like it . The stones are small enough to not give off that cz rainbow thing The setting is a little shiney and light but in time I hope it darkens a little but it is heavier than some semi-precious stone rings I have in the same style . It is a little big but not enough to make me think it 's going to fall off and a size smaller would have made it too small . I am going to separate them and wear one at a time , but people have different tastes and would be able to wear it as they wish and it would still look nice .
 Three rings that can be worn together or separately - great deal and looks good too ! Ring is comfortable to wear .
 First of all the title is misleading . It states eternity band as in &#34; one &#34; band , this is a set of three bands which makes this an excellent value ! On top of that , these bands are beautiful , they sparkle like nobody 's business ! I bought them to wear along side a princess cut solitaire eternity band , and they look beautiful ! They are not too over the top which makes them believable . Love , love , love , them !
 The ring came in today and i am in love !!!! Three separate bands , they look amazing . They are nice and thick , quality is very good . It sparkles like real diamonds . I am beyond happy with this purchase ! Came in two days early which was an added bonus !
 This 3 ring set is well worth the price . They sparkle like real diamonds . They do not look cheap or fake . I am very happy with the quality and price of my purchase .
 Love these rings they are beautiful pictures does not do them justice worth every penny planning on buying another set . these rings are excellent on every day wear wash dishes with them they will still shine wow !!
 This is worth at least twice what it costs and is very believable size and the round stones are faceted -LRB- cut -RRB- exactly with the right amount of facets and NO WAY would ANYONE guess they were not real ! NO WAY ! Very comfy too . Does n't irritate finger . Came in 2 days I think ... I am ECSTATIC !
 These rings were EXACTLY what I was looking for . After reading the reviews , I decided to purchase them after looking at them over and over again for weeks . Not only did they get delivered in like , a split second -LRB- ordered them Friday night and had them at my door Monday when I got home from work with just standard shipping -RRB- , but they are BEAUTIFUL . Even with all of the real jewelry I have and usually only wear real , these may just be one of my favorite pieces now . True to size , the thickness of each band is perfect , and they sparkle like real diamonds . I CAN see how people would think they are uncomfortable between your fingers , but I definitely think you quickly get used to them . For the price , they are SO worth it . Also , just a side note , some people had said the middle band has larger CZ 's than the other two , but all 3 rings of mine are the exact same size ... so I do n't know what happened there , but mine are perfect .
 Received the three rings in a size 6 a few days ago . They are gorgeous and I have already paired them with a number of my other wide band rings -LRB- one on either side of the ring -RRB- and they fit beautifully . They also sparkle just like the real thing - they are not too white but very believable . I am very picky about my jewelry and will send something back in a second if I do n't instantly fall in love with it . I was so happy with these rings that I just ordered another set in size 5 to wear on my left hand .
 These rings are so pretty . Very comfortable and they shine like the real things . Love them .
 These are very pretty rings but they are alittle uncomfortable to wear . They are rough along the edges and hurt between your fingers .
 This is a lovely ring set . Beautifully made , quite heavy -LRB- does n't feel light and cheap -RRB- and sparkles nicely . My only observations -LRB- not complaints really -RRB- would be that the stones in the two stacking rings on either side are much smaller than the middle ring , something that is not noticeable in the picture . The second thing is that there is a big `` CHINA '' stamp inside the ring . If you 're fussy about such things then do n't get this ring.All in all a lovely ring set and well worth the money for something that you can wear every day that will give your hand added sparkle .
 I bought this set of three planning to use two to flank a blue eternity band I already had . The size is about half a carat for each ring , with a very nice sparkle and shine . This is very realistic looking and they look great toghether . Because the stones are not too large , they fit quite comfortably . Highly recommended !
 I ca n't wear all three since my ring is squared but I love them . They fit great and I ca n't tell if it is real or not . I have gotten some compliments on it and I like that I have an extra one in case something happens . They came just in time for me to wear them for Christmas . I may buy some more just to have as spares .
 I was worried about buying this set of rings , when I received them I thought they were beautiful ! They are very true to size , so if you purchase them for your dominant hand order a size bigger , I have gotten so many compliments on them , they look real ... and I 'm not telling anyone there not !
 the product is amazing quality ! they clanged ; ole ex -LSB- ensive jewelry when i was opening the box . very realistic . not too much bling . so simple and elegant . i love it ! plus shipping was super fast !
 I love the look of this ring . I 've worn the rings for two weeks straight now . They do n't grap on my clothes and I 've even worn them in the shower with them coming out looking perfect.The sizing was correct .
 I just received my rings last night and they are very pretty . Good quality and lots of sparkle . Since they are eternity bands they are a little bulkier than some stacking rings , especially since they are prong set . I have average size hands and I am happy with the fit and comfort . They are true to size . Shipping was prompt and the item was well packaged .
 very good product no flaws looks to good and very nice quality would buy more rings and things from this deler again thanks again
 These rings are perfect ! I bought these because I lost a stone from my wedding band and I wanted to replace it , so now I have one to replace it and one to wear as an anniversary band and another as a back up ! Ther fit true to size and are wonderful . Good buy : -RRB-
 These rings are amazing !! They look amazing and they really sparkle . . I am so glad that I bought these and they will be rings that I will continue to wear !!
 After an extensive search , I found these to be the best price . When I received them , I was very pleased . They are true to size , and , despite having stones all the way around , they are comfortable . The center band is very slightly wider than the other two , which gives the set interest . However , I was basically looking for two little bands to stack before and after a white gold and mixed gemstone ring I received as a birthday present and these are * perfect * .
 Wanted something simple and sparkly and perhaps to layer with other jewelry . These were fairly inexpensive but don `` t look it ! Have worn a few times now and love them although I will say that they seem to be slightly on the tight side , VERY SLIGHTLY . Maybe its just the warm summer months though ...
 I bought this set to wear with my ring that my husband had made for me . I have tried several rings and used the 2 smaller bands . They clean up so wonderfully and blend rigt with my platinum/diamond ring that I wear with it . I would recommend this ring if you are looking to make a set with an engagement ring .
 Love the ring - does not look like CZ , wore it out the first night I got it and so many compliments and so comfortable to wear and fast shipping . Will def buy again from here
 Purchased these as ring guards . I use 2 of them to `` oopmh '' up my solitaire and I use the third to stack with other stack rings . What a great value for multiple uses ! Sparkles nicely and is so believable because of its small size . I read how others felt the prongs were poking other fingers , but I do n't seem to find this to be an issue .
 I bought this for myself because I love the look of diamonds but I am not too excited about what some people have to go through in order to mine them . So , I thought I 'd get some CZs . I have gotten SO many compliments on these rings . People think they 're real , I 'm assuming ... Anyway , I got one as a gift for one of my ring 's many admirers and she was thrilled . One of the rings does have larger stones , as previous reviewers have mentioned , but it does n't bother me at all , especially considering the price . I just feel so fancy when I wear these . LOVE EM .
 Guys , if you want to make your mom , sister , aunt , girlfriend , wife happy you need to get this - absolutely great !
 This ring is very comfortable to wear . I love the design of it and the shine is beautiful . You ca n't really tell in the picture but the middle ring stones are slightly larger than the other two rings . This gives it an even more unique look and makes it stand out from similar rings . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 These 3 rings are very lovely and beautiful . The stones are so white and have so much sparkle . At first I was hesitant to order them thinking they might be uncomfortable since the stones go all the way around the ring , but they I found them to be very comfortable.They look nice worn together or individually with other rings .
 The three rings were beautiful and sparkled continously in the light . I was really impressed with these rings and will continue to order jewelry from amazon !!
 I never expected these rings to be so nice . I really like this set.No missing stones , everything seems secureI 'm not sure if I saw it in any of the other reviews and it was for sure not mentioned in the item description and does not seem obvious in the photo , but two of the rings have smaller stones than the third ring ... It is very noticable once you look at the interior side of the rings.The larger stoned ring is put in the center and it does not really interlock with the side rings at all , but it still looks great . Just thought that it would have been nice to know beforehand that it was not three identical stacking rings . I would actually call it an eternity ring with two guard rings instead of a matched stack.Also I think these rings run a little small ? ... my right hand fingers are larger than my left hand . I ordered the regular size I always wear for my right hand and this stack is a bit tight , but it fits perfectly on my left hand.But it is a beautiful ring with lots of possibilities ... love it so far
 I love this ring . It is really quite pretty . I get compliments on it all the time and people do n't realize that is cz .
 I was n't really sure what to expect of this set of 3 rings . However , it 's a very appealing ring . I 'm not sure if I could fool anyone that they 're real diamonds but it 's still very beautiful and I plan to wear it often .
 resonable price.No bad for private wearing.If you need to look better.Should make by used more weight of sterling silver.and bigger Cz.if the price is more expensive but i can affordable.for conclusion this ring good enough for private wearing and reasonable price
 Love these rings . Came quickly & flawless . One does have stones just a little bigger than the other two . I put the two that matched on either side of my engagement ring and they all look gorgeous together . I have small hands and still all three rings on are comfortable . I can also wear all three of these bands together on my wedding ring finger to switch it up if I want a change . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants something that looks real and expensive without spending the `` real '' money . Someone actually thought they were real today so they passed the test . I have done everything I normally would with them on ... shower , lotion , work , dishes . So far no issues .
 The ring is beautiful . very nice , very shiny . size is dead on . one of my favorite rings yet . U can wash your hands with it and not worry about tarnishing it . It defiantly stays shiny and new '' -RRB- I am very happy with it . it was defin a great buy
 very nice stacking set.See loved it and I got the size right only on the second time !!! ... my fault not theirs !
 These are really nice rings . I usually do not like eternity bands but these are really nice . Yes one band is slightly larger then the other two but it still looks fabulous . I wear them on my index finger or thumb because I ordered one size larger thinking I needed to but they are really nice rings . Dont hessitate . Buy them . Great item .
 I 've had my rings for about a month now and I wear them daily including to my work at a restaurant so I am constantly washIng my hands and they have held up wonderfully ! They seemed like they would be uncomfortable at first but after a few days I did n't notice them any longer . They are very pretty and do n't look fake at all ! Highly recommend .
 Its so beautiful , it came in a lttle bag and sparks like diamond . iam considering another one because it looks so rich thoigh i havent used it for long.just 5 days old .
 These are so beautiful . I got these for summer , hands swell and I cant wear my normal rings , and for traveling ... so I dont have to worry so much . These have gotten me so many compliments and they are still shiny .
 I love this three-piece ring set . It arrived about three days after I ordered it and I have not stopped wearing the set yet . I love the sparkle and I have not found them to be uncomfortable to wear together as some stated . Also , all three bands are the same size and look realistic . It is nearly two months and I am still enjoying the sparkle on my finger . I love the set so much that I am buying a set for my sister to enjoy as well . I suggest that if you are thinking about buying this set , go for it .
 I got these rings for a replacement wedding band at work , as well as an anniversary band.They are extemely versatile , and I love the way they work with other rings I have , individually , and together . They are an exceptional value , as well . I plan on letting them sit out exposed to air so they tarnish just a little and better match my white gold wedding set . The stones are very sparkly and real looking , not so big as to look ridiculous on me . Love love love them ! I feel like they will be favorites forever .
 Got my rings today and I LOVE them ! they are absolutely gorgeous , they sparkle like real diamonds , do n't look cheap at all ! and they are beautiful ! I am kind of person who love real deal but do n't mind saving some $ $ . You wo n't REGRET it , they are true to size I wear size 5 and they fit so good and super comfortable , I have a small hands so I was a little concerned after reading the reviews but they perfect . Note
 This Cubic Zirconia Ring set is the perfect accessory for any woman . This ring looks just like the real thing and if you do n't tell no one will ever know . I love my stackable rings , I can wear the for any occasion , and the complements just keep coming . You will love these also and you wo n't be disappointed .
 This ring is the bomb !!! I was lookin for something pretty I could wear everyday . My wedding band set is very expensive so I did not want to overuse it . I got this ring because it looks soooo much like my original wedding band and matches my eng ring . When I received the package -LRB- within 3 days -RRB- , I was shocked how similar it looks . The cz is a great copy of the diamonds ! I swear you can not tell the difference unless u have it 1 inch from your eye and u stear at it for a while . I even wear this ring with my eng ring which has real diamonds and you really ca n't tell the difference . The only difference is th metal , my eng ring is 14k white gold which is obviously darker than this sterling silver . Anyhow , I 'm very picky about my jewelery and I love the real stuff , but i do not mind wearing this at all !! Too bad they dont have half sizes , i 'm 5.5 in ring size so I got the 6 and its a little loose .
 Loved it ! Loved it ! Ready to order another set in another size ! Shopped around b4 ordering and this price could n't be beat .
 Love these rings . Using two of them as ring guards for a man 's ring that 's very special to me , but was way too big . I did n't want to get the man 's ring sized so wanted two `` ring guards '' . Looks classy and small enough stones to look like the real thing ! Great , great purchase !
 i love this ring ... i have been searching for a ring that i could use at work and i have finally found one ! it looks so real , i have received a lot of compliments already .
 I just love this ring . It is so versatile . I had a set of enamel rings that needed a little something added to them to give them a spark of beauty . Anything I had looked at was at least $ 20 and I would have to order two of them to be able to wear the rings in a couple different ways . When I saw this set of rings I was excited to think of the many ways I could wear them and at a price that I would not be afraid to wear them . So glad I did . I 've worn just one or all three , with my enamel rings , and with plain bands . These rings shine nicely and feel great . My favorite way to wear them is one by itself , a nice classy look . They are made very well , I do n't worry about a stone falling out of them .
 Very pretty ring set !!!! I bought them so I can stack them along with my engagement ring and they look so beautiful together !! I 'm a fan of sparkly things but I do n't have any diamonds , so these are the perfect complement for the ring I had already . I will post a picture so you can see how pretty they look . Shipment was FAST .
 Looks very real , very pleased ! Actually going to be wearing this with a matching zirconia bracelet at my daughter 's wedding .
 I just received these ring 's today . Super fast shipping . They arrived in 5 days . I ordered this set based on others reviews . I was NOT disappointed ! These are definitely more beautiful in person . I am using two of them as ring gards for a three stone princess cut ring I just ordered also . It looks SPECTACULAR . I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER.THIS LOOKS LIKE A VERY HIGH END PIECE !
 I purchased this set because I wanted to see if a stackable set of right would nice with my engagement ring as I am getting married in March . I have since been wearing the rings and have gotten so many compliments on them ! Worth the price and shine just as a real diamond does !
 I love them and have them on now.I wear themto keep larger rings on since I hv lost a lot of weight . Thbeautiful and look like the real
 I am very happy with my purchase ! The rings are beautiful and look very expensive ! I find myself looking at them and smiling !
 I bought this item as a test to determine if I wanted an eternity band as I heard they were uncomfortable and I did not want to spend alot of money for something I did not like . I LOVE this ring and I plan on wearing it for a long time . It 's actually three rings so if you feel like wearing just one band you can and it is very pretty . It looks expensive and I have had numerous comments from people regarding how pretty it is and when I tell them how much it cost they are shocked . Well worth the money and I received it very quickly : -RRB-
 Just what I wanted ... great buy . It came in 3 days and wears very nicely . A nice gift from me to me . The ring does not disapoint .
 Very nice ring set especially for price . Only complaint is I think they run about 1/2 size small . Highly recommend
 Great sparkle , accurate sizing . Perfect amount of bling ! I would love to have a set for my pinkie as well .
 This is such a beautiful ring !!!! I ca n't wait to wear it . It 's the perfect touch for an evening out .
 Getting married in a few weeks , using these rings as a substitute until we purchase our permanent set , rings arrived in timely fashion , once I put them on ... they are just gorgeous , absolutely stunning , I paired them with my 3 stone past present ring and with my sterling silver band , and they definitely hold their own . Looks like the real thing to the untrained eye , but could very well fool the trained eye . For the money you ca n't go wrong . Great Buy !
 I have been wearing these rings for about a month now and I am very impressed . The problem with other rings I have purchased like these has always been the fact that the stones have fallen out within the first week of wearing them . I have NOT lost any stones and these rings have been a great substitute for my gold rings . I have been very pleased so far ...
 and good value . The rings are about half a size bigger than the actual size you think you 're ordering . Yes one ring is bigger than the other two but I like the set better that way and I would 've preferred if they were all the size of the larger one . They are a little wide so it takes some getting used to but they are not rough as some have stated . I like them and I pair them with my engagement ring . The silver looks like platinum to me .
 Still as beautiful as the day I bought them ! One of the bands is slightly larger than the other two , which is fine with me . Other than that , I ca n't believe how little I paid for these beautiful bands !
 I think this item is fabulous.You can wear all of these beautiful rings together or stacked with a ring in the middle ! They look like flawless diamonds.Get this item quickly . You will be glad you did !
 Love them !!! Too bad they do n't have half sizes because I need and 8 and got a 9 and they are a little big . But they look great and wear well .
 i ordered this ring set about a month and a half ago and rec 'd them end of october . the minute i opened the box and slipped them out of the pouch , i was in love :p these rings are well made , sparkle like crazy and look very passable as the real thing . i have worn them all the time since then from doing the dishes , gardening , kneading dough , you name it . they are still as lovely as the day i rec 'd them . the size runs true and for the price , this deal can not be beat .
 Great set of rings . They are as advertised and are decent quality for the money . Very comfortable . My only issue - they were just a pinch large - nothing a ring guard could n't solve . Will surely purchase from this manufacturer again .
 Lovely piece of jewelry , BUT ... What the photo does n't clearly show is that one of the rings in this 3-ring set has larger stones than the other two . Not a big deal really , but I think there should be some clarification in the product description .
 So pleased with this ring . Simply beautiful and I love wearing them ! It 's definitely worth the money and I ca n't stop looking at my hand .
 I love this band for its awesome and shiny look . My friends likes it too , I am picky about rings but this one clearly wins my choice .
 Only negative is that the three did not look exactly the same . One seems a little larger than the other two . But as a complement to my wedding and engagement rings , they look great .
 I purchased this ring for myself and use it almost everyday ! It is just enough without being too much . It is easy to wear seems to be made well . Matches almost everything . Was thinking about adding a single larger stone to the stack soon . The size fit perfectly since I am a 5 sometimes hard to find . I would recommend this ring for the price and look .
 Thanks to all the reviewers of this product . I 'm blind and rely quite heavily on customer reviews.I 've been wearing these rings constantly for about a week now and find them quite comfortable . As previous reviews have stated , they are a little thick and the stones a little rough . I got used to it rather quickly though.I wanted something pretty for my right hand that I did n't have to remember to remove constantly . I use my hands to `` see '' so I 'm picky about rings . So far they have n't gotten caught on anything or been a hindrance . The only time I 've really noticed them is while washing my hands ; if washing too vigourously , you 'll feel those stones . Also , I remove when washing or styling hair , as they pull a little.The inside of the ring is smooth and comfortable and I ca n't wait to experiment paring one or two of them with other silver rings . For the price , you ca n't pass up these rings . I 'll let the other reviews speak to their beauty , but I can tell you I 've gotten compliments and my boyfriend thought I dropped a pretty penny on them . ; -RRB-
 If you wear this ring by itself on one hand , it really looks beautiful . I think it might start looking clunky with several other rings on one hand .
 I ordered a set of these rings on Oct 26th , and I received them in my mailbox yesterday -LRB- Nov 2 -RRB- . For some , that might not seem worth mentioning , but I am currently stationed overseas and it usually takes WEEKS and MONTHS for stuff to make it out to our little mailbox . Upon looking at the rings , I was just bowled over with how pretty they are . As some of the reviewers mentioned , two rings are identical in size and the third one is a tad bigger . Personally , I am okay with that ! For me , wearing all three at the same time seemed a bit cumbersome so I am only wearing the bigger of the three stones right now to get used to wearing a ring at all -LRB- I went many years not wearing one -RRB- . Already , I have gotten SO many compliments about how pretty my ring is , and how lucky I am that I have a husband to spend that kind of money on me . If they only knew!I would recommend this ring set to anyone , if I wanted to let them in on my little secret!Fast shipping , great price , wonderful product . I 'm in love !
 I ordered this set of 3 cz stack rings to mix and match with other rings . They are gorgeous , solid silver with very nice bright cz 's , unlike some much more expensive ones I have ordered in the past from a very expensive on-line store which I promptly sent back . These little rings are quite dazzling and look lovely worn together or used as guard rings each side of just about any ring you already own . At just over $ 10 for each ring , they are a steal .
 I 'm the one who uploaded the photos , as you can see , these are nice and very shiny .
 The rings are beautiful and they are n't uncomfortable . They fit perfectly too ! They arrived in a small pouch inside a blue box . The blue box was well packed by amazon in a bigger box with air-filled bags for protection . It also arrived fast!I was concerned with what someone wrote about one ring being bigger than the others ... the actual true is that the stones are bigger on one ring , but the three rings are the same size . I wear that one in the middle and it looks nice .
 What a beautiful ring . It sparkles and shines so beautifully and I 've had a lot of complements on it . Everyone thinks they 're real diamonds . There are three so , sometimes I wear them all on one finger and sometimes I separate them . Do n't be reluctant to get this product .
 Each and every time that I wear this ring , I receive compliments . One person in my office who claims to have millions in jewelry thought that this was the `` real thing '' . One band is larger than the others so when I wear it for 12 hours or more it does start to bother my other fingers .
 I love this ring . I purchased it as my wedding band to use until I can afford to buy the real deal . This set is really beautiful , and I have worn it everyday since being married , have n't taken it off and it is still sparkling.I would recommend this set to anyone who is after a beautiful setting , that looks real and looks lovely on your finger , not to mention you ca n't beat the price.RegardsJody
 I received these 3 rings quite quickly . They are very believable . I would highly recommend these rings to everyone , you can wear all three together , or you can dress up another ring , by putting one of these rings on either side of your ring , and give it a whole different look !!!!
 I read all the reviews so i ordered my own . Soooooo impressed ! it is beautiful and it fits great , some people said that one of the bands stones are smaller than the other two , i cant tell . I am so impressed with these rings . Buy .
 Love this ring set ! Have not had any issues with tarnishing , the fit was perfect ! Excellent product for the price !
 it looks soooooo prettttyyyyy i love it!its very comfortable to wear . its not bulky at all . the rings stack themselves just right , it almost felt like its one banded ring . it fits right at size 5 . one ring has bigger stones than the other two . the other two are identical . however the stones sizes are just right , it doesnt looke `` fake '' haha.its gorgeous !
 Ring is gorgeous . It looks so real it is unbelievable . i hesitated to purchase thinking for the price cant be good . But it is incredible . So glad I bought it .
 I love how the ring sparkles , like diamonds . I have gotten some many compliments on this ring when I wear one at a time , double , or all three together . It looks just as real as my actual diamonds . I would definitely recommend this ring .
 My fiancee and I bought this ring set as a wedding band - we spent a lot on the engagement ring , so we decided to go cheap on the wedding band . This fit the bill perfectly - although it is not real diamond , it compliments the real ring well . We liked that we got three rings for this price , so that we could choose between the slightly-larger or one of the smaller bands -LRB- we chose the smaller -RRB- , and we now have a replacement band in case it gets lost . The only complaint I 've heard from her is that after washing her hands , she gets bubbles and popping noises from the ring due to the holes on the inside of the band . For the price , I could n't think of anything better though !
 I love this ring . I bought not fully sure what I would get by other reviews . The sizing was dead on . The stones sparkle great and catch the light just perfectly . One ring is slightly larger than the others but I put the larger one in the middle and actually like that look better than I would if they were all the same . I would recommend this ring to anyone !
 these sterling silver stacking eternity bands are very nice , I use them with my diamonds , and you can not tell the difference until they get dirty , but well worth the money , thank you amazon !
 I purchased these for my birthday these are stunning . . great price for beautifully made jewelry . . they sparkle in the sun . I do not regret for one minute for having made this purchase . I love shopping on Amazon . The only thing I regret is having inheriting my fathers big knuckles ... j am a size 7 ring I ordered a size 8 so that the ring can get pass my knuckle then the ring spins all around that is very annoying . . I still love these rings . Thank you Kingsway jewelery ... Thank you Amazon !
 I bought these to wear when not wearing my diamond wedding band . Had concerns it would look cheap . To my surprise I started receiving positive comments on it immediately .
 I wanted two rings to guard my wedding ring . I spent $ 600 on a ring that could not be sized , so I thought why not try a CZ ring in the meantime to see if I liked having my wedding ring with two bands . Boy , I 'm so glad I came across these beauties ! They are not too white . They sparkle like crazy . They match my real diamond ring . They are set so wonderfully and look wonderful ! Do not hesitate to buy them . Sizing is perfect . I 'm a true size 8 and they are so comfortable . They are a little wider due to the fact each CZ has its own setting - which looks great ! They are very comfortable and I wear them everyday . Do not even think twice about these rings . I want to order another set just to have a back up in case anything happens to these rings . People have commented how wonderful they look . I 'm so surprised how much they look real . Fast shipping and I could n't be happier ! Thank you !!!! You saved me $ 550 !!!!
 Love these rings ! They are so sparkling - they attract a lot of attention . Most think they are the &#34; real thing . &#34;
 This was bought as a gift and the person I bought it for loved it very much so there you go . I brought a smile of a loved one 's face for a relatively low price plus the customer service was gr8 this product as well ...
 Looks like the real thing . I like that there are 2 different sizes of bands to make it look like a real wedding band set .
 I recently purchased this ring because I wanted something to wear to work without wearing my good set . The rings arrived before schedule and are very pretty . I have had many comments on this set . I would reccomend the set !!!
 I came down with an extreme allergic reaction to the nickel contained in my 18kt white gold wedding band . For the meantime this is a great replacement until I get a custom ring that contains no nickel .
 I EXCHANGED ANOTHER CZ RING FOR THESE BANDS & THEY ARE STUNNING !! I COULD N'T BE MORE PLEASED . THEY SPARKLE LIKE CRAZY & LOOK LIKE THE REAL DEAL ! CA N'T WAIT TO PAIR THEM WITH DIFFERENT RINGS . SUCH A RING SET MAY BE OVERPOWERING FOR A DAINTY HAND -LRB- ALL 3 TOGETHER -RRB- BUT THEY ARE SO GORGEOUS & SO VERSATILE ! I 'M THRILLED & YOU WILL BE TOO IF YOU DECIDE TO PURCHASE THESE !!!
 It is a fun ring for a reasonable price . I immediately put it on and have enjoyed wearing it every day . I would order a size bigger than you normally wear b/c the rings are snug fitting .
 These rings are simply breathtaking !! Comfortable to wear and beyond affordable for what you get . I have spent twice as much on 1 eternity band that did not have the presence or sparkle of these three . Truly a great buy !
 I just got these rings for valentines day and I am so impressed . They sparkle beautifully and I do n't find them uncomfortable at all . The top and bottom together make great ring guards and the three together are extremely beautiful as well . I am so happy with this set .
 I ordered this set to go with an engagement ring also ordered . I have not received the other ring , but even if that does not look good , these three bands of CZs are beautiful and will look great on their ownSterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stacking Eternity Band Rings , Size 5 . They look very authentic and fit is comfortable and true to size . Would recommend this set of rings as a great alternative to spending thousands on the real thing .
 The rings are great . I wear two of them with my three stone ring in the middle and it is so sparkling and then I wear a blue stack eternity ring in the middle which looks very rich and yet simplistic at the same time . Even with all three rings on the finger is still very comfortable . I have had people comment on the ring about how it sparkles and where did I get it ? I got it right after Christmas and the price was very good and the quality is wonderful . Buy it you 'll like it .
 I just received this great trio set . I was looking for something to replace my original wedding band that had lost diamonds . We really had no desire to buy a `` real '' one again at this point . I looked on Amazon for weeks and found this beauty !! I used the outer two to flank my engagement ring . They are the perfect size . Not too small thus making it hard to see , nor to big making it look fake and gaudy.I do n't find them uncomfortable either . Very realistic looking!I 've also added pictures of my flanked rings to their photo gallery !
 They are well made and look great with one in each side of my solitaire ! I have had many compliments already . Also fast shipping !
 The ring -LRB- s -RRB- are very pretty , sparkly and well made but ... much too big to be worn together . They do not have the same look when worn seperately .
 While I agree with everyone else that it 's a beautiful ring set and that you ca n't tell their not real , I noticed that after a month or 2 they went from fitting perfectly to becoming a little big/loose on my finger ... Maybe it 's just me and my set of rings or someting ... I can still wear them , it 's just not as perfect a fit as before ... Certinly not something to send in and get a different size ...
 this ring set was incredibly inexpensive so expectations were not too high.but as all the other reviews read , i was highly impressed!these rings are beautiful & the ; perfect size.I only wear one band at a time , so I have two back-ups if something were to happen to it . I wear this ring everyday & I ; love it !
 Quick shipping ! I was pleasantly surprised when I saw this ring in person . It catches the sunlight and sparkles like crazy ! You wo n't be disappointed if you order this .
 These bands look like the real thing . . very well made with lots of sparkle ! I normally wear a 71/2 , and ordered a 7 and they fit perfect . Because my fingers are n't really long , can only wear 2 at a time to be comfortable , but 3 will work . They 're fun to put with other rings or just wear alone , so glad I ordered them . For the price you ca n't go wrong !
 After reading so many reviews i decided to order these rings.I have been looking for rings like this forever , finally i found them . They are everything i wanted and more . I wanted them as an alternative to wearing my real wedding set all the time , especially in the summer when i am at the pool or the beach . The price of these rings was just too good to pass up . They arrived quickly and i was soo happy with my purchase . They are beautiful and worth every penny . if you want them BUY THEM !!! you will not be dissappointed !!!!!!
 I purchased this item just because it was cheap and I 've always wanted an eternity band but did n't want to INVEST and reading the other 's reviews , I ordered this one . It is VERY nice , does not look like a cheap imitation . I compared it to my girlfriends real diamond eternity band and you can not tell the difference . The bands are not exactly matched up but I do n't have a problem with that , I wear only two of the bands at a time due to my short fingers . Great item and great price !
 This set is gorgeous ! Looks very real and is very comfortable to wear . I replaced this ring with a real wedding ring and since I can not wear a size 5 on my right hand , I purchased the same ring in a size 6 ! I gave the old set to my best friend . Anyway , the ring is perfect to use as a wedding set or on your right hand to compliment your jewelry !
 I could n't be happier with this purchase . Ordered these rings in a size 7 after carefully reading all the reviews . They 're beautifully made , with a nice sparkle , and so elegant ! I did n't find them to be uncomfortable at all . The stones on one of the bands are slightly bigger than the stones on the other two ; this does n't bother me , as I do n't think it 's noticeable . 2 day shipping - always a plus ! Overall , I am very satisfied with the purchase and would recommend the product .
 After 6 months these rings still have their shine and sparkle . Good bargain . Looks like little diamonds to me .
 These rings are amazing for the price . I bought them to go with a ruby ring with pave ' diamonds and the gallery was so high that these rings fit right up to the band on the ruby , which added so much.If you are looking for rings like these , buy them ... You ` will not ' be disappointed.The pictures do not do them justice , they are so gorgeous in person.LOVE , LOVE , LOVE THEM !!!!!!
 I really love this . I did not find it too thick - and it is very comfortable . I have large fingers , so it does not push my fingers apart - but I think if you were petite it might be uncomfortable , especially if you had thin fingers . It does look like diamonds . I 've had a lot of compliments , and I wore it with a real diamond bracelet , and no one could tell the difference between the ring and the bracelet . We were out at a restaurant , and the lighting was n't super bright , but even in daylight I think it looks like diamonds . I 'd much rather wear this out , than my real diamond ring .
 This ring is fantastic . I have short fingers and read some of the other reviews about it possibly being wide but really , this ring is fantastic . It looks terrific and I ca n't go anywhere without getting compliments . I 'd suggest this to everyone I know if they wanted a really beautiful right hand ring .
 The rings are pretty but as a few other people mentioned , not the most comfortable . I like the fact that you can wear one or all three , the only problem while wearing all three is there 's gaps between the rings -LRB- they do n't stack tightly -RRB- and seem to come apart . For this reason I prefer to wear one on my thumb , looks cool and keeps the ring from rubbing on the other fingers . I can not imagine wearing these on a middle finger , ouch . They are well made -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- and hopefully the little CZ 's wo n't fall out as they have done in other rings I 've purchased elsewhere and had to return .
 Rings are much shinier than shown in the picture . Great sparkle and more comfortable than I thought they 'd be .
 This ring is beautiful and it can be separated as one individual ring . My finger is small , so it 'd good that I could wear only 2 rings . The Zirconias size are not so big , so it can convince people better that way . If you look for something simple and comfy , this is the ring that you are looking for .
 This is a very pretty eternity band . The stones seem to be well set . As others have mentioned , one of the bands has bigger sized stones . I guess it 's not so bad since it adds a little flair , but the picture provided by Amazon is not accurate . Others have also mentioned how uncomfortable the ring is and that it pokes on the sides of their fingers . I have skinny/bony fingers , and I do not experience any uncomfortableness with these rings . There is a bit of a gap between each ring , but that 's because one band has larger stones . Overall , I like them . They are shiny !
 I was excited to receive my eternity band set and shocked at how realistic they are.I 've had so many compliments.They look so real , no one has guessed their not real diamonds.I 'm very happy with my purchase and plan on ordering more cz 's from Amazon .
 I bought this ring because my real one was stolen a few years ago . I have been asked about getting my ring back and people are surprised to find out it is not it . I love it , nice quality , great price .
 Lovely rings ! other reviews that stated that the rings were TOO SCRATCHY to wear seem to have exagerated the feel of the rings , they are not perfictly smooth , but they dont bother me at all . they look like real diamonds . i thing the size runs pretty true if slightly small .
 I 'm very happy with this product . It arrived on time and the rings were very sparkly and eye catching . I wear them with my wedding band .
 I bought these stacking bands to wear in place of my engagement ring and wedding band for vacations and at the beach . I am used to my wedding set , which is absolutely stunning and full of sparkle , so i was n't sure how I 'd feel about wearing tiny cubic zirconiums . At least , I wanted to get sterling silver so this `` vacation set '' would not turn my skin green over time . Well , let me tell you - I am pleasantly surprised ! These bands SPARKLE ! To the untrained eye , they look like real diamonds . The craftmanship of the sterling silver seems to be pretty high-end , too . I ordered a size 6 -LRB- my regular wedding set is a custom-made size 5.75 ... but I have big knuckles -RRB- and they fit great ! I am really happy with these .
 Bought these rings for my soon to be wife for christmas . I thought they looked good online and were of an appropriate size to be noticable without being so large people would assume them to be fake . When i recieved the rings , i was very impressed . It has now been almost five months and i could not be more pleased . My girlfriend never takes the rings off , and they have not lost any luster through countless showers , swimming in pools and the ocean , and the beating they take keeping up with her active lifestyle . Great buy , very durable and a steal at such a low price .
 These rings are beautiful , and do they look like the real thing ! I flanked my plain gold band with two of these sparkly trinkets , and I swear they totally hold their own with the girls at work flashing their diamonds which they claim cost thousands ! When I see how beautiful my new sparklers are and know I paid less than $ 30 , I wonder if somebody ai n't lying ! Anyway , I 'm passing mine off as the GOODS and unless Marie asks me straight out if they are real -LRB- and if she does , I 'm gon na ask her if her uppers are real -RRB- , I 'm sure they 'll never know the difference .
 I was totally surprised ! This ring looks better than the one i bought at Nordstrom !! The 3 rings are not attached - so i take 2 and wear them w / my diamond when i want a little extra bling bling and they totally look real !!!! I also use all 3 together when i do n't wear my diamond doing things like working out or swimming or traveling !!! It 's well worth the $ 25 or whatever i spent on it ! As always , Amazon came through and had the rings to me within 4-5 days easily .
 Love this ring ! I have been wearinbg it for about a week and already ordered another set ... Have gotten so many compliments on it ... I just smile and say thank you ... I wear the set all the time and am actually going to add more -LRB- waiting for order to ship actually -RRB- . I would highly recommend this item .
 Wow , how lovely these rings are . With the low price I was n't sure I would get anything worth wearing and boy was I pleasantly suprised when I slipped them out of their little black pouch . They are beautifully made , look exquisite together and sparkle just like diamonds . As a matter of fact , I held them next to my diamond dinner ring and unless you 're a jeweler I do n't believe you could tell the difference . I 'm going to wear them together or combined with another ring I just bought from amazon that is also amazing . Each band is identical to the other and they are easy to wear . I am so delighted with this purchase I 'm going to tell all my friends where they can find them .
 I had searched and searched for a believable ring , that looked great all the time even after doing dishes , taking showers and washing the dogs . This ring not only looks totally believable but it holds up really well too.I have had so many compliments on this ring it is unbelievable . I wanted a ring I could wear daily with out worry and still feel like a million bucks and ladies , this is it.They shipped it fast and it looked awesome when it came .
 I absolutely LOVE this set of 3 stacking sterling silver eternity bands . The `` middle '' band has a bit larger stones than the other two , which I did n't realize upon purchasing , however it looks outstanding . I wear all 3 or just 1 band daily and get so many compliments ! I have also matched up 2 bands with other rings that I have . This was an incredible find and an even better buy ! I love the rings !
 I was hesitant about this purchase . But it is definetly worth the price . They sparkle and look like real diamonds . I will order another set just in case . Love them : -RRB-
 I recieved these rings a couple of days ago and really love them . They have alot of sparkle and feel comfortable on my finger . I wear them with a dimond solitare and it looks really sharp . I plan on wearing them everyday so I hope they hold up and stones stay in place . I would definatley recommend this ring and I have no regrets with my purchase
 I ordered these in size 7 and maybe it 's becaus of my chubby ring finger , it looks bad when I put 3 on or wear one with my engagement ring ... it sparkles when I wear just one , but I want to stack them with my real diamond ring ... I guess this gives me an excuse to order another set in size 8 : -RRB- Overall very happy with my purchase ... Thank you .
 The rings are perfect , I can just wear one of them and it shines better than my real wedding band , I 've attached a picture of the 3 in my finger . Very good quality ca n't beat the price , I found it to be true to size , I ordered 5 and it fit perfect . I am very happy with my purchase .
 i love these rings ! they look very real and are so pretty . they are a little big but i am going to buy another set in a smaller size !! so happy with this product !
 I was really skeptical about these rings after reading the reviews , but my wife loves them . The middle band is a bit bigger than the outer two , which does n't show in the picture , but it still looks nice . They do n't look fake , which was my main concern . If you looked really closely you could probably tell they are CZ , but they look great to me .
 Theses rings are beautiful . I am always receiving compliments on them . My close friends and family ask if they are real.Very happy with my rings !!! I have small hands so I was worried but I was happy for how they feel . My ring size is 6 or 7so if you are worried your fingers are to small I believe it will work for you .
 I bought these to serve as wedding bands and they are beautiful . The stackable effect is so pretty and the way the cz 's shine makes them look expensive !
 Beautful ! Sized perfect . Middle band has slightly larger stones which is a plus in the total look . Do n't think you will be disappointed if you purchase this . I know I 've been real pleased with it .
 Just lovely , everything I expected . Arrived timely and presented as precious items , which I now consider them to be . A worthy purchase .
 Only had it for a few days , but like the look of it . Time will tell if it can hold up
 Well worth the money . Shipped quickely , good quality , and very pretty . If this set every wears out , I will purchase another one .
 The stacking rings are absolutely beautiful and if they had them in emerald or black diamonds i would have already bought a set of each im going to look around amazon for them
 The rings are very beautiful and look real . I 've had several compliments on them . Only problem was that one of stones fell out after only a couple of times wearing them . I ordered another set so I would have some replacements .
 I LOVE THIS RING HAVE REC 'D SIZE 8 TOO SMALL WAS GOING TO RETURN ORDERD SIZE 9 BUT THEN DECIDED TO STACK THEM ALL TOGETHER AND THEY LOOK GREAT GET LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS . MY WEDDING RINGS I HOPE THEY LAST LOOK WONDERFUL
 The band is bright and seems to be well made-I ordered this for granddaughter and she really likes it . She thinks it will stand up to here daily duties in hospital - wearing it instead of her wedding rings .
 Was looking for something for the wife for our 10 year anniversary and found this , was n't sure what she would think of it but when she opened it her eyes lit up and she Loved it !
 I was not sure about the quality of the product so was verypleased when it was delivered . Gave one ring to each of three granddaughters so will see how they survive and report in a few months about how they look .
 IT 's really nice.I told everybody who I know this rings.They said it 's so pretty and nice price.I love this ...
 It 's a beautiful ring real silver I 've bought my partner other real diamonds and nothing looks as good this one it 's pretty and she loves it
 I am very happy I ordered this ring . It is gorgeous ! Do not hesitate to purchase it ! I hope it does n't fade :-RRB- !
 fun ring , it is sparkly and looks like diamonds from a distance . not sure how long it will look fresh but it has been a fun ring to wear and it is pretty
 These rings are very nice . I would n't say they look real , but they are very pretty . I originally bought this to wear one at a time as an anniversary band behind my wedding set , but right next to the real thing , you can really tell that this is n't real . So I wear them on my right hand , and they look great . One thing I have noticed is that these rings are very hard to clean because it 's impossible to get a brush in behind all the little stones .
 I like the sparkle of this set , which can be worn as a single ring , two , or all three . I typically like slightly larger rings , but this is OK . I think I was hoping the bands were a little wider , but this works with certain outfits .
 Love the Eternity ring . Very pleased worth mSterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stacking Eternity Bandsore than what it cost .
 Got this set for my mother-in-law birthday . she was so excited when she recieved it . she stated it was very pretty and looks very nice on her .
 my GF loves this necklace and she has had a lot of good positive feedback on it to ! this is a soid recommandation .
 A very nice necklace . My granddaughter saw it on Amazon and `` suggested '' that it would be a nice Christmas gift.It arrived in four days and she was very pleased.Silver Toned Bird Necklace
 This was purchased as a gift . It was lovely and is still vry nice ! I would recommend !
 I wear three stacked together and get so many complements.They are fantastic . People ask me all the time what do they symbolize ! I am glad I purchased them and the price was terrific . Would definitely purchase the bangles if the were available .
 I loved the charm and it came very quickly . I would recommend the product to anyone . I got very good service .
 Nice pearls , good luminence , well made.Good priceMade a nice gift for my wife , as she would n't normally shop for pearls for herself , and it beat going to a jewelry store and dealing with an obnoxious salesperson .
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I bought this to give a little `` celtic '' flare to a dress i wore to a friend 's wedding -LRB- they had an irish theme -RRB- . Though I had hoped the pin was a bit bigger , it served it 's purpose and I got a lot of compliments on it . `` thumbs up ''
 I have ordered this pin on several occasions via Amazon , and they are always in perfect condition , as described , and beautiful . I do n't feel they need to be so expensive , but this is the only one of its kind that I 've seen .
 I wore this on my wedding day as a small accent . It is quite small and slightly overpriced but it was beautiful and the perfect touch .
 I love it - got lots of compliments.I am wanting to get the similar one with the different colors
 This anklet is very cute and very simple . It offers you just enough to make your ankle look sexy .
 These earrings have a great color to them . The peridot is bright . The iolite is a nice shade of blue . The silver compliments the earrings . The only drawback is they are smaller than I thought . If you like a conservative length , these are great .
 I must admit I know nothing about cuff links , but these came in quickly and look very nice . They came in a nice silver looking box that makes a nice presentation . They are a gift and we will see if they hold up . Overall , a good experience .
 First , let me say that I am not affiliated with -LSB- ... -RSB- at all other than the fact that I just bought these and about 25 other cufflinks from Cuffdaddy.com for my husband and I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised . Packed neatly in the box which arrived with no damage , all the cufflinks were beautiful , each was packed in a shiny chrome gift box with no scuffs or prints , each set was substantial in weight and feel , expensive looking and unique . There were no chips , dings , damage , flaking of enamel , not even any smudges . These were clean , new , shiny and as the description says , unique . Overall , I highly recommend Cuffdaddy.com for their excellent customer service . I have been a customer for a couple of years at a certain cufflink retailer who carries several artists -LRB- with much higher prices -RRB- and made the switch for the customer service experience with cuffdaddy.com . They are real people who care about you and treat you like a person they want to do business with and keep business with . If you want good prices , excellent customer service and nice cufflinks at a very good price , shop from cuffdaddy.com . As for the particulars about these links
 I have bought several sets of cufflinks or cufflinks and ties from Cuff-Daddy and have never been disappointed . These were a gift for my son and he says they are his new favorites . Classy and versatile and well made . I highly recommend Cuff Daddy for fast and accurate service and very reasonable prices . Plus the box often matches the contents . A great deal all around .
 These are great earrings at a great price . I bought them for a friend 's birthday and could n't believe the way the color changed as they moved in the light . Very pretty !
 Ordered them for a Christmas gift and wanted to keep them . Very pretty with a lot of sparkle
 These earrings are GORGEOUS ! The picture does n't do them justice . The way they sparkle in the sun is breathtaking !!!
 The picture does not do these earrings justice . I bought these and the matching pendant for my daughter . They reflect the light in so many colors -- just beautiful !! The reflecting colors change depending on what color she is wearing . She can wear these with her Sunday best or with casual clothes . I was pleased with my purchase and she loved her gift !! I highly recommend these if you are considering a purchase . The company is great as well . I will order from them again .
 before i purchased the earrings i read everyone 's review . I have to agree with everyone . the earrings have a beautiful sparkle when the sun hits it . I bought the earrings for our youngest daughter and when she saw the sparkle in the car she was so excited . The sparkle got our oldest daughter 's attention . she never wanted earrings and now has a pair of these beautiful butterflies and she does not mess with her earrings.Our daughters are 5 and 6 years old and they LOVE these earrings .
 I received many compliments on these earrings . They are very comfortable to wear.I would certainly recommend them.Hoping to buy more
 My daughter is 6 and she loves these earrings . Leverback earrings are the only type she can wear without complications . The butterflies are adorable and she loves how they change colors and sparkle .
 These earrings are so cute and really very pretty . They really sparkle in the sun . They 're not too big or too long , but large enough to be seen and noticed . They can be dressed up or dressed down . I got another pair similar to these because I liked them so much . If you want some bling , but not something over the top , these are for you .
 I bought these for my 9 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she loved them . She put them on immediately and would n't even take them off for bed . For adults who like dainty earrings , but not too `` adult '' for children who want to look grown-up like mommy .
 Bought these earrings and matching childrens bracelet , extremely happy with the products . Brilliant colors , intense sparkle , wonderful craftmanship , an absolute great buy . Earrings are not big and heavy so they wo n't pull and sag your ear lobes . Another quality product from Gem Avenue !!
 My daughter absolutely loves these earrings . She put them on right awayafter she opened them on Christmas morning .
 very cute and very inexpensive ! got this for my friend for her birthday - she loved them . they look and feel a bit more on the plastic side rather than crystal but still cute all the same .
 The earrings exceeded my expectations ! Great quality at a great price . Gem Avenue makes fashion affordable .
 I purchased these for my 2 granddaughters -LRB- ages 4 and 7 -RRB- who wanted big earrings . I did n't want to invest in gold -LRB- for fear of loss -RRB- nor did I want to purchase hoops -LRB- for fear of injury -RRB- . They both loved them ! the price was just right ; if they lose them it does n't break my budget and they feel like big girls .
 I gave these away as a gift , but really wanted to keep them for myself .
 I was expecting a less than perfect ring for the price . To my amazement and joy ... it is FABULOUS ! And HUGE ! I am VERY pleased !
 This is faux jewelry at its finest . While no one is ever going to believe this is the `` real thing , '' the workmanship is excellent . That is , the setting of the small cubics around the big stone -LRB- which is fabulously brilliant -RRB- is meticulously , and impeccably done . The small stones have great shine as well . The ring is marked 925 and China.The only thing that I should have paid more attention to are the dimensions because of my small , somewhat chubby , fingers . The dimensions , translated from metric , are
 I love this ring . It is really large , but it looks much better in person than on the picture . It 's high quality too .
 I purchased this ring for my grandaughter who loves a lot of glitter and bling . This ring is perfect . It seems to be a good quality , is detailed , and looks like I paid more for it then I did . I know my grandaughter will love it.If you are looking for a large stone ring , this is it . I was looking for a large stone , and I was looking for something different with in a budget . She will be able to wear this ring for a long time , as it is made well , amd sterling silver.Also , it can be sized , since it is sterling silver.I am a happey shopper .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the pink stud earrings . I have purchased several different colors and am happy with all of them . Gem Avenue has an excellent product at a great price .
 This is truly an extraordinary piece of jewelry . The sterling detail is breathtaking , and the stones are clear and set perfectly . It is sturdy , beautiful , and offers several different options for wear .
 I just received this as a gift from my sister and it is just lovely . The stones are beautiful and the attention to detail on the sterling silver is exceptional . The fact that this piece is a pendant or a pin makes it as functional as it is pretty . It is unique and a true piece of art in my opinion . Each time I wear it I get so many compliments on it . It is a nice weight which allows it to hang nicely on any chain or ribbon . When I received it I could tell from the packaging -LRB- presentation -RRB- that it was a quality piece . I highly recommend this piece and am going to check out the other pieces by the same maker . Do not hesitate to send this to someone as a gift , they will love it as I do .
 This is a lovely bracelet and the stones are just the right size and can be mmistaken for a diamond tennis bracelet . It graces your wrist and is delicate looking , not clunky . I love it & wear it alot . I think it looks better `` in person '' . It is NOT worth $ 90 , but $ 40 is acceptable .
 This bracelet , purchased on a whim and a gold box deal , is more sparkly than my diamond tennis bracelet ever was . The real one always seemed like it needed cleaning in order to be truly sparkly and the settings interfered with sunlight hitting it to get the multicolored effect . This one is also MUCH better than my real tennis bracelet because the real one is missing . This one looked enough like it , from a picture anyway , that I thought my mom would n't notice.Anyway , interestingly enough , this bracelet , the zirconia one , has a better locking mechanism than the real one - which is directly related to why it is missing . -LRB- A few drinks , a little dancing ... and poof , it 's gone ! -RRB- This one is secure and actually a little stiff when trying to get it on and off . There is a double stone system that is also nice because it does n't catch on things as easily and is strong enough to stay together under a little pressure.And yes , mothers always know . She spotted the fake from 20 feet . In the picture , it looks a lot like a real one .
 Within the past week Amazon ran this item at $ 19.99 , including super saver shipping ; seconding the other review , you could easily expect to buy this bracelet in a major department store at $ 40 . Not only is this bracelet delicate looking , but it is sturdy , which was a pleasant surprise . It has some weight to it , and the sections are in two-stone pieces , which gives enough flexibility but provides more strength than single stone linkage . The double clasp closing works easily , both on and off . Fortunately , the navy pouch included with the bracelet was not cheesy for gifting . I am happy to be giving this to my granddaughter for her 16th birthday , but I could just as easily keep it for myself . Why did n't I order two when I had the opportunity?July 17 update
 Purchased this bracelet during a fantastic promotion . I was quite surprised how impressed I am with this piece . I wear several diamond tennis bracelets together at a time and have added this CZ into the mix . I doubt that anyone other than the savvy on amazon or a jeweler would ever be able to pick out the real vs. cz on my wrist . Stones are large enough to sparkle , small enough to not be gaudy . Clasp is superior to most . Highly recommend !
 This item is very small . Maybe for a small charm bracelet . I may not have read the dimensions right . Overall very pretty .
 My wife and I were married in the butterfly garden at Brookfield Zoo on the 4th of July , I work a lot , so she decided that she wanted to pick a day for our anniversery that she knew for sure that I could spend the day with her , I looked at a lot of earrings , trying to find the perfect ones , and I did , absolutely beautiful , and much cheaper than many of less quality , trust me you ca n't go wrong with these earrings stunning !
 If you are looking for great jewelry at a fraction of the cost , look no further ! Eve 's Addiction 's offerings are wonderful , and their customer service and communication are fabulous . I bought this Moon and Stars Blue Enamel Ring about a month ago , and it is beautiful . The quality is good , the silver finish is very high quality , and the blue enamel and little CZ 's embedded in the ring are perfect . It 's durable , too . I wear it to work every day , and it has survived being shoved into the guts of a copier several times -LRB- getting loose toner all over it -RRB- and getting knocked around on hard surfaces . It looks as new as the day I got it . I wash my hands with it on and basically wear it everywhere except to bed . I will buy from Eve 's Addiciton again . Also - recently bought my 12-year-old niece a pair of the Palm Tree CZ post earrings for her birthday , and they are beautiful - she loves them .
 Love it , very good quality , much better than paying OVER 1000 dollars for the real `` diamond '' version . Super happy with my purchase and very quick shipping , thanks !
 This is exactly the same as the item . packaged really well and some nice extra touches . think we will be buying from you again
 On a whim , I bought this ring for myself because I thought it was different from the usual assortment . Throughly enjoyed it !
 Very happy with my purchase . Ring looks just like it did online . Shipping was super fast .
 I do n't know if I would pay the list price of $ 50 , but this ring is a very nice quality item for the price I paid
 We just received this pendant , a birthday present for my sister . She 's someone who likes bulkier , new agey pendants . This pendant arrived prettily boxed in a small paper Chinese box , and looks just like the image on Amazon , BUT about half the size pictured . Yes , it is really 10 mm ! That is , about 1/2 inch . When worn , it is more dainty and tiny a pendant than I had expected -LRB- yeah , I saw the size listed here , but I do n't think in metric ! -RRB- . On the plus size , this onyx and gold pendant seems to be high quality , has a nice weight to it despite the size , and nice craftsmanship . After getting used to the smallish size , I may just order another one for myself ! A very unique and stylish item , this item will go with many outfits and styles despite its asian flair .
 I bought this during my ring phase . Bought a lot of rings during that period.I first saw this on amazon just browsing through stuff and thought it was so different looking.So i grabbed a credit card and ordered it right away.Got the ring size wrong , as I did n't know my ring size and it was too big , but it fit my middle fingerso no worries.I love it . It holds up great . Took it to work where i lifted and scratched it against things and it held up great.It 's a big heavy because it 's bulky , but it 's a great ring . Held up for a very long time when my other ringsbroke or faded out or whatever . Took the pain and never flinched.I still have it and wear it , and it still looks great and is in great condition.I would recommend this product because it holds up great , for the worker and it looks great .
 Purchased as a gift not yet given . Quality seems very nice . I do n't feel one should have to write a comment of a certain length before being accepted for publication .
 This is a neat ring ! the design is different from anything I 've seen around here , and it is great as either a finger or thumb ring . this is a heavier ring , so it feels more heavy on the finger , but , overall , I really enjoy it !
 I just replaced this ring from Old Glory . I lost my first one . People love it and so do I. I am glad to have it back . Looks very good .
 The wonderful size and coloring of this ring , makes it dressy enough to wear out , but it is comfortable enough to sleep in . I was impressed by the high quality of this piece .
 I love jade anyways , and these earrings did not disappoint ! Color is true to picture , and the price is unbeatable ! I purchased these with the matching pendant , and I love them . They are even a little larger than I anticipated !
 Perfect pink . The way light dances thru it you may wear it with many , many colors . Good buy.Lila
 The color is WAY lighter -LRB- and brighter -RRB- than the picture . . but they are cute and well made .
 The ear rings are very pretty , albeit the stones are a few shades lighter than the picture shown in the products catalog . Shipping was prompt and packaging good .
 These earrings are very pretty , just like the picture . They are just the right size and the quality seems very good . I think they will make great earrings for the summer .
 great earrings they are very nice lookig i gave them as a xmas gift gem ave is a great place to buy from
 The earrings are awesome . They were a gift for my sister and she loved them . Very pretty !
 This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very `` solid '' . I wear it as a `` pinky '' ring and I feel it is a great size for that .
 This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very `` solid '' . I wear it as a `` pinky '' ring and I feel it is a great size for that .
 The item is of good quality . However the picture shows a straight normal chain , but it is actually more of a rigid choker type necklace . The picture should be more representative of the item.In all fairness the description does say &#34; Wire Choker &#34; but that meant nothing to me until I received it and saw it myself .
 I wish I had bought it for myself.It looks so nice draped across my best friends ' neck.ahhh
 I bought this for my new sister in laws bridal shower . She loves the jewelry ! It 's gorgeous .
 The bracelet was inexpensive and everything we needed for something fast until my son could take time to pick out a different medical bracelet or necklace . Fast delivery .
 Amethysts are clear -LRB- but not a fake looking clear -RRB- , and the earrings are well made .
 A word of warning about these earrings : The first pair I received from Amazon was defective . One earring contained a clear stone , and the other was cloudy . The difference was so drastic , they looked like they ought to belong to different designs . Amazon replaced the earrings without any hassle . They even paid for return shipping , as per their policy.The second pair was lovely with two clear stones . The earrings and the stones look small and delicate -LRB- in a fine way , not flimsy -RRB- . I 've purchased Sajen designs from Amazon before , and the pieces are always well-made . Unlike some of Amazon 's other jewelry , the Sajen pieces always look exactly like the photo . This was the first time I 've had a problem with their jewelry , and I hope it was just a fluke .
 I purchased this ring as an 8th grade graduation gift for my daughter . I was/am very pleased with the quality of the ring . It 's very pretty and my daughter absolutely loves it .
 Very nice charm . It is true to the size in the description , and made a pretty addition to my niece 's charm bracelet .
 Beautiful earrings . Bought as a gift , but was very tempted to keep them for myself !!
 I bought these cufflinks for a friend whos birthstone is aquamarine.The quality of the stone is far exceeded my expectations.It arrived fast and in a nice present box .
 I received these cuff links today and I am 100 % satisfied with the product . The stones are as they appear on the photographs on amazon.com and the side greek details adds a layer of quality to the workmanship that makes the cuff link look super expensive . The finishing is also perfect . I would recommend this as a buy to any collector or as a gift to someone .
 This is my son 's birthstone and I bought these for my husband for Father 's Day . The stone is gorgeous and the size is perfect . The design adds just the right detailing as well . And these are far less expensive than comparable cufflinks . Highly recommended .
 Only paid around six dollars and did n't expect much so was pleasantly surprised to find that it is really very pretty . Looks much more expensive , but I feel free to wear it casually .
 its a good pendant ... nice chain but not as shiny as the picture leads you to believe nor is the sapphire as radiant , it 's darker and the pendant may seem to be cheaply made . However , for $ 30 it 's worth it as a nice birthday gift for a good friend or family member , but if you 're looking for something more high end at a cheaper cost ... look elsewhere
 I sent this to my Aunt in Ct for her 80th BD she loved it so much , she is my Hero her Son died in VN War and sence than she has fought sence than for ALL Miltery to be treated good and no one gone unsung !!
 I loved the look of this pendant , but the chain that came with it is really disappointing . I put a Sterling Silver box chain on it and it has added a really nice look . I have had many complements on this already and I have only worn it for a week .
 These earrings are lovely , just as I expected . And the packaging was quite nice . Delivery was fast and the price was right . No complaints !
 The earrings and pendant I received are smaller and not red as they appeared in the picture . The earrings are really tiny . But it 's great for the price I brought , and I did n't expect . I really like the flower pendant .
 I bought this during the 70 % off sale , and am NOT disappointed . It is going to be a gift for my niece for her next birthday , and she is delicate , and turning 5 ... and I think these will look great on her -LRB- she has pierced ears -RRB- . There is nothing wrong with the quality of the stones I got with these ... they are worth the money I spent alone .
 I bought this product for its unique shape and since it is a small pendant , it will not irritate my kid . I like this very much , and is worth the money if you have little ones .
 Its so cute and it matches my christmas dress perfectly ! It seems alot smaller in person though , and I would n't even bother with the earrings it would be better to go buy lesser quality larger ones than nicer quality teeny tiny ones .
 I bought this set for my daughter 's birthday . A necklace with earrings to match , she LOVED them both ! It was the perfect gift .
 I bought this for my wife and she was pleasantly delighted with the purchase . The necklace is actually small compared to the one as seen on the site . Anyways , it was a deal which we were nevertheless happy with . Would recommend as a gift .
 I bought this pendant as a gift for my niece . Well it 's sufficient to say that I think It 's the first time I see her wearing all the time something I 've given her . I think she loves It .
 Purchased this for a charm bracelet I 'm building for my niece who plays competition softball . It is dainty , but high quality , and the pearl is just so pretty and feminine ! Perfect for girls who play ball !
 Everything about it is perfectly what I wanted . It is sturdy , well crafted , and beautiful . I showed it to a store owner that has been looking for similar items and she loved it so I told her where I got it . She said she would check into it .
 Very good customer service and value for this item . AAA + for this merchant .
 I purchased three of these for my daughters for christmas . The seller shipped the items quickly and they arrived in great shape . The necklaces were better than I had hoped for a very reasonable price . They arrived with the chains which were in great condition . The charms are sterling silver and had no discoloration or scratching . On christmas morning my girls were delighted . Overall a great purchase .
 The trinity pendant was just as dexcribed and very attractive and shiny . I wear it very often .
 The sign of the Trinity has significance for me on many levels , so I automatically liked this product . Beyond that , though , I think it 's beautiful , good quality , and exactly what i expected . I like it so much , I ordered one for a friend as a gift . Both necklaces came only a couple days after I ordered them . Great product , great service .
 I purchased this charm for my daughter . Although smaller than the picture makes it look , the description and measurments in the description are accurate . I thought the charm was a very good value for the price .
 These earrings are lovely , just as I expected . And the packaging was quite nice . Delivery was fast and the price was right . No complaints !
 These earrings are lovely , just as I expected . And the packaging was quite nice . Delivery was fast and the price was right . No complaints !
 I bought this ring as a gift but when it arrived , I fell in love with it . Although it is hard to tell from the picture , and does not mention it in the description , imagine my surprise when I realized the design on the sides are actually angels ! It does not mention the size I think it may be a 7 . This ring is so beautiful I am ordering 3 more to give as gifts since I have not taken this one off since it arrived . I just love it .
 It 's prefectly well product for the pendant . very shining yellow color and bigger too , it looks very very beautiful . I think the citrine the yellow color is better than topaz one . fortunely , I choose the citrine one . it looks like a expensive pendant .
 Very cool look ! This pendant is beautifully detailed and nice quality for the price . The included chain is nice but a bit feminine for the dragon ! I ended up putting it on a leather cord necklace as I purchased this for my ten year old boy . He absolutely LOVES it and wears it constantly ! Perfect for someone looking for a gift for a kid that loves Dragons !
 I have had silver Scorpio items in the past . I know how easy it is to bend a claw or a leg . When I got these the back post 's were slightly bent , and the one big claw on the one earring was slightly bent out more than the other earring . After a few little light tweeks and little bend I got them to look the same and to sit flat on my ear lobes . I really do like them , they are not too huge , just right . -LRB- from past experience I know you cant bend the silver too much , or it will snap , just a heads up . -RRB-
 This high quality silver charm brought a huge smile to my wife 's face when she opened it . It works perfectly with her charm bracelet and was big enough to see the details without being so large as to be heavy and clunky .
 These earrings are lovely , just as I expected . And the packaging was quite nice . Delivery was fast and the price was right . No complaints !
 These earrings were a specifically requested gift . The price was right , the quality was good and I was very pleased with the purchase - so was the receiver !
 My daughter loved these earrings , and so did her older cousins -LRB- who are also Scorpio 's -RRB- !! Great quality , and worth the price !!
 If you want a plain but nice looking , comfortable ring this is it . I do not need anything else for a wedding ring . Hate luxurious things .
 Beautiful and comfortable . Wearing daily . I wish I could have a little more yellow color but still I like it .
 These earrings are lovely , just as I expected . And the packaging was quite nice . Delivery was fast and the price was right . No complaints !
 I bought a pair of these for my husband for his birthday and he really liked them . They are just the right size and color . The classic design makes them wardrobe staple . The quality is excellent !
 Lost my original buttons for my french cuff shirt . Got these classy silver knots and am very happy . Strongly recommend !
 These cuff links pairs perfectly with more casual shirts . It 's not as large as other cuff links out there though and a shirt with large french cuffs wo n't work too well .
 I bought these for my husband for our wedding -LRB- you know . . tying the knot ! ha -RRB- and they were really nice . Classic looking and a great price ! They came in a nice case which was kind of like a jewelry box and spring loaded , which ended up breaking pretty quickly , that was the only downside . My husband still wears these often and they look nice every time !
 I bought these as a gift and they look really nice and very presentable in the box . I almost want a pair for myself now : -RRB-
 I bought my husband a shirt that required cuff links . I did n't want to spend too much , but I wanted to find something that was of good quality and professional looking . These cuff links were a pleasant surprise . They were on sale , they are bigger than they seemed , of good weight and very professional looking . I expect to get many good years from them
 The cuffs arrived quickly and were exactly what I expected . They are well made and look great . The price was also perfect . They can be worn with any shirt or suit .
 My daughter wanted a pair of tiny spider earrings and these are just perfect . They have nice detail and are good quality sterling .
 I really like the quality of the of the sterling spider ear studs . They hold up to all kinds of abuse which I was afraid they would not . They look good no matter which piercings I put them in . The only thing is that some people in society think they 're ticks instead of spiders but that 's those people 's own stupidity .
 These are great , solid and quality feel , but the stud on them is short . A 210 lb . 6 ' 1 '' tall guy , I found that the legs of the spider dug into my ears over a couple days , one cutting in . They 're fine for wearing out for the day , but I ca n't leave them in 24 hours .
 received my first ruby necklace and it is as It looks -- beautiful . I have received many compliments already.Thanks for the timely delivery of this lovely necklaceAntique Style Oval Shape Created Ruby & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver
 The have great detail as well , even as small as they are . All of these little earrings would be great in second , third , and fourth holes also ... I really love their tiny little size !
 I purchased this bracelet for my daughter -LRB- who loves bracelets -RRB- as a gift . I 'm not one to buy things without seeing them 1st but , I took a chance . When my daughter received the bracelet , she loved it !!! It 's very unique & the adjustable band is great . It 's a little thin but that 's one of the things she likes about it . She wears it all the time .
 Its been years since I wore cufflinks , but with the -LSB- re -RSB- introduction of french-cuffs into the market , they became a necessity . Cuff-Daddy had a more than adequate variety of choices to ponder over.The Good
 I love these earrings . I bought them some time ago and I still wear them .
 Purchased this in sterling silver . It 's a nice size for a charm bracelet . Note as the jewelry specification states , its small , less than half an inch in size . Rembrandt also has a larger 4-leaf clover which is almost an inch across . I bought that as well and added it to a silver chain as a gift for my niece , which she loved .
 It arrived as described , i have n't had any issues with it . I would recommend this item to anyone without hesitation .
 This was a gift that I do n't wear often . Not because I do n't like it but , its SHINY and more turquoise gleams forth than appears . . and I simply do n't wear that color often . The Purples , Blues , and Silvers , and Turquoise really are beautiful though . They definately play in the light . I do n't know if all of these are as shiny as mine but , the one I have is hypnotizing ! Especially in sunlight ! I 'm gon na have to go buy something to wear with this because it 's just a shame to let it sit in my jewelry box for so long .
 Neckalace is awesome , I love it . I was so excited when it finally came in , its perfect for my Cosplay .
 Much nicer than I thought or saw in the picture . Careful wrapping and quick shipping .
 It is a small tester , however it gives big results . Worked well on known and unknown stones . Would recommend this to any dealer or novice .
 A surprisingly inexpensive device that does exactly what you want it to do.Many similar testers are listed for prices way above this one.Why pay more for the same thing?We 're very happy with it .
 This was a gift for my wife and she loves it . Definitively a great price , recommend item to my friends .
 If you follow the instructions , it works very well . I tested it on stones I knew were actual diamonds and on cz 's and you could tell by the way it beeped what they were .
 I have used it on diamonds and it worked well . If you follow the directions there is no mistaking the fake from real .
 did n't know how easy it is , know i tell the difference between made , & real diamonds at pawn shops & what people have .
 This little device is the neatest thing that i have ever scene !!! I go around the house testing everything and then take it to my friends houses and test their stuff as well
 I loved the belly ring . I need to order a new one because I lost one of the balls . The Shippment was fast and I loved it until I lost a peice of it .
 For the price , this is a very nice piece of jewelry . It has a sturdy feel and is very sparkly .
 This pendant is a deal . It sparkles beautifully and the dragonfly shape is lovely . I wear it often with casual clothes .
 I love this necklace . I purchased it for my granddaughter and she loves it too . Quality for a low price . I will purchase again from this retailer . Nice job
 I bought this for my sister , and she loved it . Its very detailed and shiny . Very unique if one loves dragonflies .
 Nice quality for the price , looks very pretty and feminine with a collared shirt . I would give this as a gift , too .
 I purchased this necklace as a lightning deal after Thanksgiving in the hope that it would be as pretty as it looked . It was a very well received Christmas present for my daughter-in-law . It is very delicate looking while being a solic piece of jewelry . Was happy with my purchase .
 I was looking for a dragonfly pendant that is small , understated , and pretty . This one fits all of my criteria perfectly . It is just the right size and length for me and looks elegant whether I 'm dressed up or wearing something casual . I am very pleased .
 What a beautiful piece of jewelry ! I love it ! It is delicate and flashy . I had many compliments the first time I wore it . Because it has clear crystals , it will go with everything I wear . Reasonable price & fast shipping . Great gift to myself ! I will probably order a few more to give as gifts .
 I wear it every single day ! It is beautiful , its the right size . I 've had it for a very long time and it has not yet dropped any of the stones.My 8 month-old son often grabs it and yanks on it and chews on it . Yes , I stop him but I 've noticed that this is a very sturdy necklace as he sometimes pulls himself to his feet on my lap after grabbing the necklace . Amazing!I love it , great purchase !
 I bought this for my fiance 's mom on the Mother 's Day.It looks so pretty that I even want one when I saw it !
 I bought this for my little girl who lost her friend -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- to cancer . This dragonfly necklace would symbolize the waterbugs who become dragonflies -LRB- a story to explain death -RRB- to children .
 I love this necklace . It is very cute , has great detail , and has wonderful sparkle . I get compliments on this every time I wear it.The dragonfly itself measures just over 1 '' -LRB- length -RRB- by 1 '' -LRB- width -RRB- . I recommend pairing this withSterling Silver 22mm Hoop Earringsor with a simple pair of silver ball studs . I have tried to get matching dragonfly earrings to no avail . Perhaps Amazon will come out with them soon.I think this necklace is great for all ages . The chain looks very delicate and does tangle easily , but it has withstood my 3 year old looking at and touching the dragonfly repeatedly . I suggest storing it on a necklace hanger , rather than in the blue pouch it arrives in .
 I got this gift for my grandmother for Christmas , and she loved it . It 's very pretty and well designed . But it is smaller than it appears to be in the picture , and the chain is very thin .
 it was more petite than expected but well worth the money the way it sparkles when the sun catches it is absolutely gorgeous . i would buy it a hundred times over .
 The pendent is wonderful , but I suggest you order a sturdier chain if you plan on wearing the pendent . The chain broke the first day I received it .
 Very nice pendant , especially for the money . It is very shiny and just the right size . I do not like that `` China '' is engraved on the back but that is so small you need a magnifying glass to see it .
 I bought this necklace as a gift along with 2 other dragonfly necklaces that were much more expensive . My girlfriend loved this one the most ! I felt the same way , it looks beautiful and vibrant . I would recommend this as a gift to anyone ! They wo n't be disappointed !
 I got this dragonfly necklace from my dad for Christmas . I pointed this necklace to my dad , so he knew what to get for me for Christmas . The necklace is prettier than the picture shown here . I love it .
 Just Gorgeous . The chain is a bit chinsy , but replaceable . The pendant is perfect , worth the price without the chain -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- !
 Bought it for a special friend as a 21st birthday gift and she loves it . Every time we hang out , I see her wearing it . The chain looks a little too thin and weak but after couple months its still holding so we 'll see . Definitely very cute and recommend it to anyone .
 This product arrived on time and in good condition . I was surprised that it came in a bag rather than a box , but again , it was in good condition . I gave it to my mother and she loves it .
 This is a beautiful pendant . Well made , and well defined . Goes well with almost all of the silver/cubic zirconia earrings .
 I was pleasantly surprised how lovely this pendant is . Whoever designed the dragonfly did a very nice job . The CZ stones compliments the sterling silver dragonfly body . It all works together and I just wish they had some earrings to match it ! Too bad it does n't come in other gemstones for color . I would definitely buy this pendant again and you can not beat the price . These prices Amazon offers is comparable to costume jewelry.The only thing I would change is the chain it came with . It is of a thinner quality . I would try to find a longer and stronger chain for the pendant . It still deserves 5 stars for quality and beauty .
 My wife LOVED this at Christmas - the pendant is the right size , the chain was good quality , and the necklace as a whole looks great . Definitely recommend this piece !
 The only thing that I did not like about this item was that they shipped it in a drawstring pouch , which meant that when I opened it the chain was completely tangled . It took my husband 45 minutes to untangle it . I liked the pouch , but it is not good for a necklace.I think that this is a great gift for a teenager or a pre-teen . The pendant was more pretty in person than in the picture .
 I bought this for my mother as a birthday gift . It is very pretty and she loves it . It can be worn casually and also looks nice more dressed up . It came in a little velvet bag which was inside a larger box . It was not tangled up when we opened it .
 Wife liked it . Its first cousin -LSB- the damsel fly -RCB- is also the newly named state bug of Nevada
 Pendant is very beautiful and has a good size . It is not too big , and not too small . Nevertheless , the chain is as tiny that easily make a nude . I recommend to sell it with a solid chain .
 I bought this for my sister as a Christmas gift and she loves it . Nothing wrong with the pendant . No complaints whatsoever .
 This was a gift and my lady loved it ! Not to big , not to small and just the right amount of sparkle . Great for the price !
 I absolutely love it , almost did n't want to give it away as a gift!Only complaint I have about this purchase was the packaging sucked ! Not even a jewelery box ?? Necklace was a little tangled because of it .
 dragon fly is just like the pic shows . chain is a bit thinner than i expected , but nice just the same .
 This arrived and its just the right size . Overall , a beautiful little piece , and i think she 'll like it , but if she does n't , that is n't really its fault .
 The picture does n't give it justice ! It 's beautiful ! This will definitely be a show stopper at Christmas . Great gift idea !
 My husband purchased this for me !! It is beautiful - it shines like real diamonds . Recommend all men to surprise your love ones with this awesome pendant . And ladies , buy it for yourself !!!
 Purchased this lil guy for a special somebody , as such I was sending it as a gift so I wouldent know what it looked like first hand . Clearly the idea of a gift is to put a smile on someones face , but by the pictures and from reading various reviews the only way to know for sure is if you try it and buy it.If its not up to par when it arrives at the giftee 's location then just the thought alone of trying to do something nice should suffice . But boy do I hate wasting money on something that dosent deliver on whats promised in descriptions and photos during online shopping.That said my gift arrived on the estimated delivery date and put a huge smile on her face , its not always about how much it cost but if the sellers description lives up to what your trying to accomplish by purchasing something like this for someone or yourself.I believe it certainly did .
 This necklace is just gorgeous and has been getting soo many great compliments . I would definitely order another one for my bestie and recommend this product .
 I had been eyeing this pendant for a while before purchasing it . I really count on the reviews to give me an idea of the value , but being the bargain shopper I am I always want it for less . Recently this item was offered for 50 % off and I decided to buy it as a gift to myself . I wore it the very next day after receiving it and I can honestly say it is a nice pendant . As with all of Amazon.com Collection pendants the necklaces that come with them are very light weight and may tangle easily , but the price ca n't be beat . The Dragonfly on this one sparkles nicely and is a good size for most women -LRB- Just over one inch in height and just under one inch in width -RRB- If you also like to wear earrings , I recommend some sterling ball or cz/diamond studs with this.Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver 8mm Round Cubic Zirconia Martini-Set Stud Earrings
 This is a good value for the money . Wife has worn it since I gave it to her . Actually looks better in reality than in the photos .
 This is a beautiful pendant . It is much prettier than the picture . Very sparkly and just the right size . Not too ostentatious . Spent about twenty minutes untangling the chain which came all knotted up . Best to keep it in the little drawstring bag it came in with the chain locked and outside the bag . Then put it in blue box it also came with.Very pleased with this item .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . She is a dragonfly collector . She was very thrilled with this piece . When my wife is happy , I 'm happy .
 I purchased this as a present for my friend of 30 years , and am positive she 'll love it ! The pendent itself is beautiful , with wonderful workmanship . The crystals really sparkle . I was afraid that it was going to be tiny , but the size is perfect . The chain is a little on the light side , but could certainly be swapped for another , if necessary . All in all , I could n't be happier . Once I saw it , I could n't help but think whoelse I should get one for ! Good choice for any age .
 My wife looks this piece ! She gets compliments from everyone -LRB- well , only from women -RRB- . The price is right and the quality is excellent !
 This Dragonfly is Beautiful ! It really shines and the jewels really stand out . It is the perfect size , not too big and not too small . It is perfect for an adult or a child . I was too originally receive this as a gift for Christmas but I never received it , Amazon was SO AMAZING and sent it next day to me ! I am so happy with it . The only bad thing about it is the chain is a little flimsy but for this great price you can replace it easily . What a great quality product .
 beautifull dragon fly , great detail , great size not too small , chain is a bit on the skinny side though , but for the price , you can replace the chain ...
 I did n't expect the pendant to be so beautiful . The photos on here do it no justice it is absolutely gorgeous . The chain that comes with it is lovely as well but it is way too small and you will need a bigger one . I bought this for my sister as a Christmas gift and she could n't stop exclaiming how beautiful she thought it was , it made even me gasp when I took it out of the box . Delivery was very timely but the packaging needs work because the chain was all tangled when I opened it . Overall I think this is a wonderful product and highly recommend it .
 Seriously , even if this WOULD HAVE been a crappy piece and broke the first time I wore it , it still would have definatley been worth it for 99 cents !
 This picture does not do this ring justice . The ring sparkles in every light but it sits low on the hand so that the prong do n't get caught on things like hair and treads from cloths . The color of the stones match my high quality garnet necklace perfectly , but I did n't have to spend tons of money to get that quality . This ring is worth so much more that what I paid for it . It was a wonderful buy and I only wish I had purchased it sooner .
 This ring was suitable for my wife 's birthday . It 's very nice one with perfect hand made . It 's sliver was pure . She was very happy to owun this ring .
 Baggallini makes terrific products , and this is one of them . I do n't carry much jewelry with me when I travel , so I love the compactness of this case . I obviously disagree with the opinion of the other reviewer . My advice is to give this organizer a chance .
 I bought this piece -LRB- and several others -RRB- during the 30 % off Sajen jewelry sale in December . This is a wonderful piece ... the chain that came with it is quite nice.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that I thought the stone would be a bit more blue ... it 's really more cream-colored than blue-colored -LRB- there 's just a tiny hint of blue and from the pictoral description I was expecting quite a bit more blue than what I rec 'd -RRB- . However , not every piece will be like mine is ! I still enjoy wearing it with many blue tops.Otherwise , super !
 I bought this because , I wanted a very BASIC pendant that I could wear with something nice OR with jeans and flip flops and ITS EXACTLY THAT . HOWEVER ... the color says blue and it 's not really . It 's more of a milky lavendar . Definately more of a purple hue but , muted . Still , perfect for what I wanted it for.The size is n't huge either . I wanted something small-medium , so , it was perfect . About the size of a quarter but , stretched into an oval shape . the slide is about half an inch too.In all
 I love these earrings . I wear them almost everyday . I orignally bought a pair three years ago and lost one this summer at Universal Studios in Orlando . I was so mad ! I thought I could live without them and tried to wear other studs for a few months but nothing felt right or made me happy . I bought myself a new pair and I 'm back in business . The crown setting is super cute , people who notice it compliment me on it all the time . They 're big -LRB- ish -RRB- but I wear expensive clothing and carry expensive handbags and they fit right in with the rest of my wardrobe . If you 're questioning if you should buy them or not , buy them . You wo n't regret it .
 I love this necklace . It is so pretty and I have gotten many compliments . Looks like the real thing !
 I love this necklace ! What you see is what you get , it 's exactly like the picture . Gorgeous !! It arrived much sooner than expected - a nice surprise . I was thrilled with the purchase , and I 'm sure you will be too .
 I 'm very pleased with my cubic zirconia pave heart pendant . I purchased a diamond pave pendant at a jewelry store last year , and it has a very dark , almost blackened background that I was unhappy with . This pendant is much prettier than my expensive diamond pendant .
 I got this pendant for my girlfriend , she loved it i think it was a very good deal to see my lady smile .
 I got this for Christmas 2011 . I wear it everyday and I get SO many compliments on it , all the time from random people . It 's small , which is why I liked it in the first place , but it sparkles A LOT especially when the sun hits it . I LOVE it . It has n't lost any stones and the silver is holding up like it 's brand new . I have bought other pendants simliar to this one that were cheaper and they did n't hold up past a month of everyday wear ... this one has ! -LRB- It 's been 7 months since I got it -RRB- I have it on my own chain , because I do n't like the one it comes with . * The pendant is the same size as a U.S. penny
 It was really nice and came in very fast . Very goood service I was quite impressed . I would buy form them again .
 This is a very nice peice of jewelry . My wife loves it and that means she is very happy thank you .
 Looks much more expensive than it is . Very feminine and pretty . Good quality and nice chain . Makes a great gift !
 it is not as you see it in the picture . . it is so small heartshiny and good looking . . i take it as a gift for my wife and she like it so much : -RRB-
 I bought this for myself initially . Then , I bought a necklace for my mother as a mother 's day gift and it did n't have enough charms on it , so I added this to it . It was a nice addition . This product once recieved is nice , but I did n't like the chain it was on.This is definitely perfect as a charm for something else !
 very beautiful piece of jewerly ... looks so much better in person I get so many compliments when I where this necklace ...
 Considering such a low price , this is nice , but even though inexpensive materials were used , I would have like to see a better attempt to make something that seems to be quality made . The reverse side -LRB- which often get turned forward , due to shape of charm -RRB- is hollow , and shows very rough construction . It is obvious that the reverse side is intended to remain hidden , but due to low weigh and the shape , it often gets turned around when worn , and it it almost embarrassing , as it makes you wonder how cheap the backside of it looks to everyone else . -LRB- This info came from my fiance -RRB- .
 This necklace is absolutely beautiful . I have already received many compliments . It is exactly what I was looking for . . It 's perfect .
 Divine piece of jewelry for the cost ... I would recommend to anyone ... very nice presentation and quality ... I will give it an A + + + + + + + +
 i looks great , bought it has it a gift for my daughter , she loves it wears it all the time she is very happy with it
 Came on time i love the Pendant . Purchased for my Fiance and she loved it . Highly recommend to any woman or for little girls that love shiny hearts .
 this little heart i purchased sure captured my girlfriend 's heart ... . i bought it recently and she was soooo sooo happy she never takes it off ... the Cubic Zirconia looks really nice and sparkly great simulation of real diamonds ... the chain is thin and femenine 18 '' ... . i highly recommend this product . . she ll feel appreciated
 This necklace was just as it is shown in the picture . It 's very pretty and comfortable with a beautiful sparkle . It 's so comfortable I slept in it without any irritation . I would recommend this necklace for silver lovers .
 It looks pretty and does n't look like Cubic Zirconia . I had many compliments and I was very satisfied for the price I paid .
 This was a gift for my sister . And yes , she is proud of her brother for this . It came in a cheap unsophisticated pouch . Said that , the pendant glistened like it was made up of diamond when we unpacked it . It came with a thin chain as shown in the picture and no , that 's not silver as it started turning black within a week of it 's use . But about the pendant , it has been more than a month since my sister has been using it . And it still glistens when it catches light . I am happy with that . However , my sister guards it with her life . She removes it when she goes to bath though . So , the pendant has not come in contact with water much . I ca n't say how water would affect it.All in all , it 's a fair deal . Very ideal for a humble gift .
 I bought this necklace for my mother not too long before Christmas and she absolutely loved it , she wears it every day and it has not broken . The chain was pretty thin but I recommend it for adults . It got here just in time for me to leave to visit her . Overall it was a great buy .
 The necklace was fine , as well as the pendant . It did not come in a very nice box , and there were about 20 ants when I opened the package it came in .
 The Pendant is beautiful - nicer in person than the photo online . It was delivered quickly & well packaged . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Being a constant multi-tasker and always in the hurry mode , I saw the heart necklace on line , read a few reviews , and stopped the search ... all good . It arrived quickly and the first surprise was its size -- quite small and petite -LRB- I did expect bigger ; sometimes , size really does matter ! -RRB- . Next I removed the tiny link chain . . it had to go . I found one of my several favorite sterling chains , paired it with my diamond earrings and voilah ! Gorgeous ! I had many comments , I know , thinking they were real diamonds since the sparkle is competitive with the real bling . My advice is check the size so you know -LRB- about 1/2 '' at the widest -RRB- what you are getting . Otherwise , it is pretty and very sparkly . We do love our shiny objects!I polish it with a jewelry cloth each time I wear it for maximum shiny ... a must with silver .
 This is very cute , simple and in a way elegant . Its very feminine because its not too big and not too small , just right !
 Love this necklace . I 've had several necklace 's over the years , but this is by far one of the best . I purchased one for my necie 's 13th birthday and decided to get one for myself . I 'm so happy that I did . We both love them . The quality and craftmanship of the heart is great , but the necklace is a little thin . I can always purchase a better necklace , but overall it 's great .
 I got this for my girlfriend as nice , inexpensive gift . Overall , it 's pretty nice.The CHAIN is very thin but seems fairly durable so I do n't think it will break easy.The PENDANT is very nice but smallish . It looks great and very elegant on the front half . It is very well done and presents itself that way as well.The ONLY ISSUE is there is no back to the pendant . The inner area of the pendant bows outward from the border and due to the light wait of the pendant , it 'd be nice if the back looked a little better.Also , the PACKAGING was n't the best . It 's just about a 4x4 inch white box with a foam insert that is incorrectly cut too small . Then in a large microfiber pouch is the necklace . It could have been presented better.Overall , it 's a nice , inexpensive gift that 's worth the price . But if you can , you may want to look at a slightly more expensive piece without the minor issues .
 My girlfriend loved it so I would say it was great . It was a great Christmas present for her because she loves heart shaped jewelry .
 I live in the UK but could n't find this on Amazon.co.uk . I decided to buy here . I really was not disappointed . It arrived vrey quickly and in quite a big outer box so there was no way it would get damaged.The necklace for me is just the perfect size and it looks stunning on . I did put it on my own chain but that is only because I like to wear a shorter length . If you are not sure all I say is order it , you have nothing to lose but I do n't think you will return it . Very pretty , very sparkly , very real looking .
 I like hearts and pave sparkle . When I saw this necklace I thought it might be something I could wear as an everyday piece of jewelry . I purchased the earrings so I would have a set . It is a very nice set . Not too big or bold . Perfect to wear for a little shine , sparkle around the neck and face .
 I bought this for my special lady friend and I plan to give it to her when I fly up to see her but upon receiving it , I realized that the chain is really small for any adult . It 's more of a child 's chain . But being that I do n't like returning things , the chain itself is the perfect length to just wrap around a few times and make it into a bracelet.The heart charm itself is very pretty and definitely eye catching.For the price , there 's not really any reason to complain.This would be perfect as a random non-special event present to get someone .
 I think this is a beautiful necklace for the price . It seems to be good quality and it just sparkles . Love it !
 I received this as a Christmas gift from my 10 year old son and it is just stunning ! It is very shiny and beautiful , the pictures do n't even begin to do it justice .
 Buy with Confidence . Arrived on time and my daughter was very impressed with the look and quality . It looks very expensive
 My girl friend is happy with itShe like the color and the design , She hope the the stones in it will not fall .
 This was a gift for a friend who loves hearts . She absolutely loved it and raved about how beautiful it was . She could n't believe I got it from Amazon . She 's going to start shopping here too !
 This is a very nice looking pendant . It is not very expensive but looks like it could cost 10 Times what it cost . It appears to be of high quality and is durable .
 this pendant is awesome , looks real and well worth the money . I wear it casual and dressy . It has good weightand has great sparkle ... . worth it ... . get it !
 Bought this for a Christmas present along with the matching earrings -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Sterling-Silver-Cubic-Zirconia-Earrings/dp/B000MFGN7M/ref=pd_bxgy_jw_text_z -RRB- . These were very well received . The cubic zirconia have great sparkle and the silver sets them off well . For the price , this is tough to beat .
 This heart looks very &#34; real &#34; ... perfect size and quality is very nice . I put it on a different chain then the one that came with it as it was a shorter , thin one .
 Just what I expected . I was very satisfied when I opened the package and saw exactly what was advertised . They look more expensive then they were . Get the earrings too .
 I bought these for my wife for Valentine 's day and she LOVES them.The only noteworthy comment is that they are slightly smaller than the photo might suggest - the hearts are only about 1/2 of an inch high.Pros : Gold plated over silver including posts -LRB- my wife is allergic to stainless steel , so this is a must -RRB- Very nice detailNot a boring standard design , but not a weird/crazy design eitherOverall , subtle but beautifulCons : Somewhat smaller than expectedBox was adequate , but nothing to write home about.Overall , I could n't be happier about my purchase , and neither could my wife .
 I had these on my wish list and someone purchased them to surprise me . They are very pretty earrings and look expensive .
 These earrings are small , delicate and very pretty . I really like them but do n't purchase if expecting large jewels . Recommend wearing with backings .
 These were purchased for our 17 year old daughter for Christmas . She wanted a complete set of ruby and diamond jewelry so I searched different sites to put together a set . You never really know what you will come up with . These earrings were just great . They were really cute and would go well with any ruby mix . great price , really great looking product .
 I almost cried when I saw these earrings . They are so beautiful . They look like I paid alot of money for them . I love them very much I wear them everyday .
 Very Very Beautiful -- These are my woman 's favorite -- I would like to find a pair in solid yellow and white gold . I would pay the price !
 These are gorgeous earrings that just happened to match a pendant I already had . I 've had many compliments on them .
 I expected these to be abit larger but I do like them . The sorta match a heart necklace that I wear every day so I thought they would look nice and they do . I will wear them alot .
 These earrings are so pretty . The perfect size . The long hooks keep them in place . I am really happy with them .
 I could not be more pleased . These earrings are absolutely beautiful . There is a necklace that matched ... I just might have to buy that too .
 18k Yellow Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond Accent Heart EarringsI think theses earrings are beautiful . I ordered a pair for me and I loved them so much , I ordered a set for my younger sister . Again I just love them .
 Silver part of earring has an almost diamond cut brilliance to it - more sheen than evidenced in photo , yet very classic in appearance - not as `` busy '' as photo because earring is mostly one colour . Wearable with more than I expected .
 We got these earrings for my mom for Mother 's Day and she loves them ! We are expecting a baby in July , and ruby would be her birthstone -LRB- which my mother figured out of course ! -RRB- The earrings are lovely and the price is very reasonable .
 I loved these earrings . I have a gold pendant , the exact same design so when i saw these I said . . wow !! what a match they 'll be and they were . They look beautiful and expensive together .
 These earrings are beautiful . They are smaller than I expected , however . Still , a great buy , love the detailing .
 I like these earrings but I had to give 4 stars for the fact that they kept coming off and they would be easy to loose if you do n't have a thingy that slides on the back to keep it from falling out .
 I bought these for my mother on xmas , she loved it . She danced in cirlces , I do n't see what was so amazing about them , but OK .
 I was not expecting much when I ordered these , just a stocking stuffer for the wife . I was very pleased with the quality when they arrived . They are much bigger than the pictures make them look .
 Good graphic as the earrings look exactly like those in the picture ... HOWEVER , you definitely need French wire earring clutches to keep them from falling out .
 These earrings arrived and look as cute as the photo . They are not heavy so you can wear them all day .
 These earrings were everything I expected ... they look really nice . It would have been nice if they came with backs , but I was able to get some for them .
 i bought this as a gift , and it sure deserves good words for description because they are as good as on the picture . !
 Ordered severals earrings , etc. but this seemed to be the favorite . Very nice but not overstated . Seemed to be well made .
 They were a Christmas present for my wife . As of December 1 we have been married 56 years ... and she loved them ! What else can I say ?
 Gave this as a gift and the person LOVED them . Even more stunning in person . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a nice piece of jewelry at an affordable price .
 I received these earrings for Christmas from my husband and they are beautiful . I love the detail and the way they hang . I especially like that they are lightweight . The unique design with the flower detail is wonderful . My husband definetly has good taste in selecting jewelry for me .
 I ordered these based on reviews of similar styles , despite the negative reviews here . The stone is VERY pale , it is true . However , these are well made and very comfortable and secure . I got them to wear around the clock after my starters had been in a while and they are perfect for that -- much more comfortable to sleep on than a stud back .
 My 13yo loves to wear this necklace -- it 's so cute . She has had it for about a year now -- the medal that it 's made of still looks fresh .
 A piece defiantly worth having ! I received this necklace as a gift from my uncle and I 'm still loving it.The necklace looks good with anything and people constantly compliment it 's beauty .
 ~ BACKGROUND ~ I purchased this piece as a gift for my wife . ~ PROS ~ - Synthetic cut gems means no blemishes or flaws - who really knows or cares whether the gems are natural or real ? Natural costs way too much ! - Appears to made well with no flaws or irregularities . - Necklace comes packaged well . It is in a small velvet-like pouch and a box . - Size description is accurate at 0.75 inches . ~ CONS ~ - None so far ! ~ CONCLUSION ~ My wife really likes the earrings and I feel it is a good value for the price.This is the third item I have purchased from Eve 's Addiction and have been very satisfied with their shipping , packaging and products .
 Ring arrived quickly and in excellent packaging . The marcasite really makes the ring . If it were only cubic zirconia , I would return it . The CZ part looks kinda cheap and a bit `` glue-y '' . But for what it is , it 's a great cocktail ring to wear out or everyday with business-wear . Sizing is true.Very Pleased overall .
 I bought this item as a gift and the recipient is very pleased with the product . This was a good buy especially since it was a gift for my mom and she 's fond of Marcasite .
 I have short fingers , and this product even looks good on me . It sparkles nicely . Stones are small enough that they look like they could be real diamonds .
 I really love this ring . Fits well and is a good quality ring . I get lots of compliments on it .
 This ring is so pretty ! Exactly what it looks like , so no disappointment there . it is also true to size .
 I love this ring ! I bought it when I lost a favorite of mine , hoping this would be a close second ... I LOVE IT ! I get so many compliments on it ! I ended up finding the lost ring -LRB- Of Course ! -RRB- but wear this one more often than the old on now anyways !
 I bought one for my friend , after I bought one for myself . Lots of comments , it 's very pretty . It does catch a little on fabrics though .
 I love it , , , I love it again and again ... . I love it ... love it ... I love it
 I love it because it 's so pretty . I get compliments from everyone . I definitely would purchase it again and the cost was the best , under $ 40 .
 We chose the ring because it perfectly fit our daughters style . She loves it and wears it proudly . Great ring for the price !
 Absolutely beautiful !!!!!!! Crystals shine like diamonds ! I have gotten lots of comments on how gorgeous this ring is ! Girlfirends were jealous !
 Bought this product about 1 yr ago . Of course it looks more sparkly in the picture , but it 's still beautiful . I wear it almost every day . It 's my cheapest piece of jewelry and it yields most compliments . It 's comfortable to wear and looks good with almost any attire .
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend for her birthday and when she got it , she said I Love it , I Love it . My only issue is I orderd it with several other items and everything got shipped seperately.So it took 3 days from her birthday to get everything I orderd that same day I place the ring order.I guess you can look at it as the gift that keeps on giving .
 Even though I was a little curious after reading some of the negative reviews about this product , I bought it anyway . In a nutshell , I would agree that much of what has been said about the quality is unfortunately true.The silver is much thinner than it appears in the picture - not the width of the band on the finger , which is substantial . But the thickness of the silver comprising the band . The CZs sparkle very nicely ; but the marcasite is not a good match , the way it appears to match up in the picture . That is , the marcasite casts a rather disappointingly dull sheen , which does not contrast all that well against the more brilliant sparkle of the tiny little CZs.All in all though , its the design of this ring that I love - that 's the only thing that kept me from returning it . Would have looked much nicer had it had another color of faceted stone embedded in it instead of marcasite . But again , it was awfully tough to tell from the picture .9 / 17/10Since it 's happened again , figured I should set the record straight and update my rating of this product , which I purchased over 2 years ago.Just got back from a business trip this week , where it has happened AGAIN - got a bunch of really nice compliments on this ring from people I met . A couple of interesting things you might want to know if buying this product :1 . Although I was initially disappointed in the thickness of the silver , turns out it is an extremely comfortable ring to wear because it is not too thick -LRB- sometimes thick rings will pinch -RRB- .2 . I had complained about how ` dull ' the marcasite is . Once you get it out of your mind that they are NOT supposed to look like black diamonds or onyx , turns out the contrast between the marcasite and the czs is really rather interesting .3 . I 'd initially thought the czs were too small . Well , probably because of their size , everyone thinks this ring is ` real ' . That is , the hue of the silver reminds people of white gold , and they assume the czs are diamonds . I wear this ring interchangably with other ` real ' rings , so no one even considers the stones might not be diamonds .4 . All stones in my ring are intact , and the silver is in excellent condition -LRB- even though I 've worn it so regularly over the last 2 years -RRB- . The first time she saw it , my husband 's aunt -LRB- a well-heeled jewelry fanatic with a great eye for quality -RRB- grabbed my hand and could not take her eyes off the ring . And she could not stop talking about the ` diamonds ' . So much so that I began getting embarrassed about how much $ $ I know she thought I spent on it , and had to finally confess to her that it was n't ` real ' . She was absolutely shocked!Over time , this ring has actually become one of my ` go-to ' pieces when I 'm wearing black . And nearly every time I wear it , I am complimented on it.If this one would break or lose stones , honestly , I 'd have to buy another one !
 This ring is as nice in person as the picture describing it . I really have enjoyed the ring . However , I had one of the stones to come out of it and I have not had the ring that long . -LRB- so this was a little disappointing -RRB-
 I purchased this ring because I love marcasite and wanted something that would look nice but not too over the top to wear everyday . The first ring I ordered did have a crystal stone fall out less than a week after receiving it , however I simply returned it to Amazon , taking a chance on a replacement . The replacement came and looked better than the first one . I wear the new one , almost everyday and could n't be happier . I have n't had any more problems and it still looks nice and pretty . So yes I agree that you get what you pay for and for the price , I think the ring is well worth the `` risk '' . Happy Shopping !!
 Purchased for a friend from her wish list . She loves it and wears it all the time . I thought it was a bit cheaper looking than the picture made out , but it 's inexpensive .
 I agree with the other posters that the ring could use more contrast , as in the picture and the silver is quite thin . But it 's a nice ring for the price -LRB- the CZs are very realistic -RRB- and looks substantial on the hand . A nice dress up ring , good for a inexpensive Xmas gift .
 I received this as a gift for Christmas after adding it to my Wish List.I have been wearing it pretty much everyday since then -LRB- 8 months -RRB- and have n't had any problems with damage or wear and tear.I 've received tons of complements on it and I just love how it looks on my hand .
 My Daughter had found this particular ring on line . She had emailed it to me as a `` wish list '' item . This was her best Christmas surprise this year . She did not know I would actually order it .
 I love this ring I can dress it up or down . I wear it daily I have not taken it off since I purchased it . I love amazon . Thank you !!
 I bought this ring for work . I typically wear a size 6 for rings , but bought an 8 . I figured since the ring has twists it might not be perfectly smooth and round . I was right . If you buy this ring I would suggest getting a size or two larger to ensure that it fits . For the price the ring is beautiful ! It looks great with almost any outfit . It really helps to dress an outfit up . This is a great generic ring that can go with all kinds of outfits . If you are looking for a great day-to-day or even a ` going out ' ring I would recommend buying this . However , I would keep in mind the sizing .
 Thia is a very nice piece of jewelry , looks exactly like the picture , however it runs a little small . I would definitely recommend it for anyone who likes to wear a middle finger ring . The crystals are very clear .
 I got this ring last year and I am very happy with it , it 's very pretty and very comfortable !!! I love it !
 I bought this last week because it received such good reviews , and Im glad I did ! It really pretty , and not to bog for my fingers . I have short fingers , but it the ring still looks good , and it 's not to thick on the side like some rings , which makes it uncomfortable to wear . Great ring for a great price !!
 The ring is lovely however it is a little to wide on the knuckle , making it uncomfortable to wear all day . Hopefully with cold weater coming , the ring will fit more easily .
 This ring looks lovely . I wear it with my diamondson my middle finger and love the look .
 These earrings are just what I 've been looking for , and the service was remarkable . I received the earrings within a couple of days of purchase even though I was n't expecting them for another 5 days . The description was accurate .
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend . She 's been wearing it for about nine months now without any problems . The ring is attractive , and she 's received some compliments on it . Overall , I 'm satisfied with the purchase , and my girlfriend seems to like it , as well .
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend . She 's been wearing it for about nine months now without any problems . The ring is attractive , and she 's received some compliments on it . Overall , I 'm satisfied with the purchase , and my girlfriend seems to like it , as well .
 I bought it as a gift for my cousin sister . it was very beautiful . earings are big enough and noticeable.my sister loved it.i wish packaging was little better . the packaging looked little cheap .
 So I got this for my daughter a couple of months ago , and not too long afterwards , the chain busted . So , be prepared if the chain breaks . The pendant is way too big and heavy for the small , frail chain . So have some extra chains around so you can fix it .
 The Sharingan anime necklace is really nice . Its great for any real Naruto fan to have and collect !!! Its Awesome !
 The necklace was an ok purchase ; it came well displayed in a nice tin box and it was a good gift . The only problem is that the pendant itself is a little thinner than I had previously expected but overall it did n't negatively impact the product as a whole . Great gift for friends that are into Naruto .
 The pendant looks nice and shiny . No need to say , the Sharingan design is cool , and it got my friends surprised . But the chain is easy to be broken - the only downside . Highly recommend .
 I do love this necklace , but the clasp has broken and now my Mom has to fix it . Other kids at my school have seen it and are going to order it too.I Love Sasuke !!
 My nine-year-old son LOVED this necklace . He had one last year but lost it and was thrilled when he got another for his birthday . Big hit !
 Service was great . My daughter loves this necklace ! She lost it so I am buying another one from the same seller !
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 These earrings are great . Well-made -LRB- sterling silver -RRB- , yet inexpensive enough so that I do n't worry about losing one . I wear them constantly , in one color or another .
 These are gorgeous . I bought 2 pairs since my ears are double pierced and wear them at the same time . I ALWAYS get compliments and they look great .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I ordered this through amazon for my niece but it arrived with a missing draw.But the person in customer service was able to get me a replacement the very next day . very impressed with the service . And the replacement was in fine without any missing marts .
 So pleased with this item . Exactly what we were looking for for my granddaughter . She was so excited with it .
 It 's very pretty & the music is , too ! Perfect for a little girl for jewelry & other treasures .
 I recently bought this jewelry box for my 4 year old niece and she loved it ! The `` secret '' compartments were very sweet and she enjoyed having the different spots for her jewelry . It was a fairly recent purchase so I am not sure how well it will hold up over time , although it seemed to be fairly decent construction . The only downside is the little figurine , as someone else mentioned ... not quite sure what it is supposed to be .
 This was a Christmas present for my god-daughter . She absolutely loved it and started placing her jewelry in it immediately . All the extra little drawers were very cute and the design was beautiful . What made it extra special was that the song `` Beautiful Dreamer '' was the one that her great-grandma sang to her daughters when they were little .
 I purchased this music box for my 3 year old niece . She was jealous of her sister 's similar pony music box ! It was a mega hit at the party and all the little girls were there with their noses in the box !!! Way too cute !! The secret drawers are just the best ever !
 This is so different with secret drawers all over it - very nice for little girls .
 This is an adorable treasure/jewelry box for young girls . Both my 6 year old and 4.5 year old love theirs . The painted designs are elegant but eye catching for young girls . Plus there are several themes to choose from . The pop-up figure and music work very well . The cute little side drawers are great fun , too.My one and ONLY warning about the boxes is that the drawers could get lost if you are not careful because they do remove completely .
 My 4 yr old granddaughter liked this musical jewelry box . She is very interested in fairies and jewelry . She can wind the music box and open the drawers . A nice feature is that the drawers do not come out or fall out . It is a good size for a little girl .
 My daughter , 4.5 , loves this box . It was her favorite christmas present . She loves putting tiny items in all of the drawers and listening to the music .
 I searched and searched for a product that looked decent and that did not have a published &#34; theme &#34; like Tinkerbell or the like . I wanted it to be timeless , yet fit her interest at the age of 4 . I wanted it to be something that would last the years and sturdy enough to play with for years to come . This jewelry box is all of the above ! I could n't be happier , a year later . She could n't be happier , either !
 uncle got lucky . a christmas present for a niece -- had it shipped directly to her , so i never saw it , but from what i heard she loved it and ignored her other toys
 The jewelry box has a cute design on the outside . The inside fairy is a little creepy , but my daughter seems to like it . The pull out drawers could be a little bigger , but it is fine since my daughter does n't have a ton of jewels . Lots of different compartments that my daughter did have fun filling . This definitely satisfied my 4 year old , she was thrilled to receive it on her birthday .
 I brought this along with the `` Mia '' ballerina jewelry box and even though at the time I paid the same price . . this was by far the better purchase . It is beautiful , well made and well worth the price which is not much . I regret not ordering three of these and ordering the other box -LRB- see my review -RRB- Big Difference !
 This box is very pretty , well built , and the music is nice.When she first saw it my daughter fell in love.However , she was dissappointed when she opened it , and I ca n't blame her.Whats with that figurine ? I do n't even know what it is ... A fairy ? ... a little village girl ? ... I have no idea .
 I bought this music box as a gift for my seven year old niece and she loves it . She could n't wait to put it in her room and she loves the music .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my daughter 's 5th birthday and she absolutely adores it . The music box turned out to be her favorite and she loves winding it up to listen to the music . We hope she 'll treasure it for many years .
 This delicate little music box with beautiful little illustrations will be a treasured possession for your little girl.It 's the perfect place to stash special treasures , and if well cared for , is beautiful enough to warrant saving for a future generation ! The illustrations are beautiful . If you are about to buy a special trinket for the girlie-girl in your family , this is a charming gift to send .
 My parents gave this to my 2 year old daughter for Christmas this year and she just adores it ! It 's a beautiful piece and the music is very nice . This is something she will keep for the rest of her life and pass on to her little girl one day .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I bought this for my niece for xmas . . So she has n't gotten it yet but after opening it up and looking it over , it was nicer than I thought it was going to be . She loves horses and I 'm sure that she 's going to love it .
 We purchased this for our 11-year ld -LRB- horse loving -RRB- niece and she likes it . I was disappointed that it is kind of cheap looking in real life , but she still likes it . It has lots of little compartments that she enjoys , and it suits her needs .
 My 7-year-old granddaughter loves this cute jewelry box ; when you open the lid there is a small horse that spins around to the tune of `` My Old Kentucky Home . '' It was advertised as playing `` Home on the Range '' but my granddaughter does n't really care what tune it plays . It appears to be a sturdy little jewelry box , but I would n't give it to a child much younger than 7 because of the potential for breaking that delicate little horse off its spinner .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FGEU9G/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI bought this as a Christmas gift for my 10-year old granddaughter . She seemed happy with it when she opened it . For the price , I was quite impressed with it . I would recommend for anyone as a different kind of gift for a horse lover .
 Bought this music box along with the suggested stamp set and coloring book for less money than the music box alone at a tradtional retail store ! My 8-year old is thrilled with all ! The stamp set alone I saw in a retail store for over $ 20 . The music box is a nice beginner jewelry box for those first higher quality jewelry pieces -LRB- i.e. sterling silver charm bracelet , gold locket etc. . . -RRB- . The song it plays is pleasant , too . If your little girl loves horses and jewelry - what little girl does n't - do n't hestitate , suprise them with this set !
 My daughter is a big horse fan so this was a big hit . She loved it . It seems to be very well made .
 This jewelry box is much heavier and nicer than I expected . Has the appearance of a high quality product . It would be great for anyone that loves horses , not just kids . It has a windup key on the outside and when you raise the lid , the spinning `` ballerina '' has been replaced by a little spinning horse . I got this for our 7 yr old granddaughter and she loves it . If she uses it as a jewelry box and not a toy , I have no doubt she 'll be able to pass it down to her own daughter some day . Highly recommend !!!
 I obtained this for my granddaughter and I know she will love it . It is gorgeous and well made and worth the money I paid . The horse picture on the music box is beautiful and bigger than I expected . I tried to do the feedback but unable to finish.I would recommend this music box to any horse lover .
 Sent this pretty little box to my niece who turned 9 years old and loves horses . She absolutely LOVED it ! Great gift idea at a good price .
 I bought this magical-looking jewelry box for my cousin 's 12th birthday . She loves horses , so I knew she 'd love the look of the jewelry box . She loved the song and the beauty of the jewelry box . I would recommend this item for other young girls . It truly is magical .
 Ordered this for my 6 year old daughter ! She loves the little drawers hidden along the sides and front ! Very colorful and princess ~ like ! Great buy !
 My daughter loves this . I had bought more but UPS left them outside under our eaves ... and ruined the others ... dumbos !!! They could have left them on my front porch or put a bag around the box ! Regardless the one my daughter has she loves . She watches it all the time . She is 6 .
 my niece was open-mouthed with wonder and her eyes filled with enchantment as she viewed the music box for the first time and listened to the music . it is a rare priviledge to see that reaction in a child . she was transported to another dimension .
 My daughter had her heart set on a jewelry box for Christmas . I 've seen this line in a couple of our local upscale toy stores and always thought they were overpriced . Finding this same music box at Amazon at such a reasonable price -LRB- plus we qualified for free shipping -RRB- made our Christmas extra special . My 10-year old daughter has us open the box and play the music before she goes to sleep . She 's also filled each of the box compartments and loves the color and style of the box . This was a hit on Christmas morning !
 I purchased this jewelry box for my Niece and it is so beautiful , the music box is pretty and she just loves it.I think it was very good purchase on my part , just gorgeous .
 This jewelry box turned out to be my daughter 's favorite gift this Christmas . The music is perfect , it 's absolutely beautiful and the hidden corner boxes are so nice to have . She calls it her secret treasure box , and her favorite most prized possessions go into this box . I love hearing the music playing from her room , she opens it up and plays with her horses and dolls sometimes . That alone is magical in itself . Very happy with the construction of the box too , it feels strong and durable , and the pictures and wording around the box are magical and beautiful .
 I got this music box for my daughter , and I could n't be happier ! It 's absolutly beautiful !!! Discover Your World Music Box
 We got this jewelry box for my daughter for Christmas , and she loves it . The artwork is very pretty , and the music sounds very nice .
 I love how the picture looks very much like my granddaughter and that there are so many secret compartments for her to put her prized earrings and necklace in . Beautiful .
 Looks better than pictured ! It looks larger in real life than in photo ! Great Quality ! Will buy again from this Company
 I should have looked at the description more closely . This has very little storage space . Even the top is less than an 1/2 inch deep , if that . But so far , everything else about it is great . It IS made with paper , so do n't let it get wet .
 I got two of these jewelry boxes for my twin daughters who just turned five . They both LOVE the music boxes . There are four cute little drawers and then a larger compartment on top to store all their little treasures and `` jewels '' . For the money , this is a nice jewelry box . It 's made of a very study-feeling card board-ish material - but it does n't feel like it will get crushed or anything . The horse that spins around is kind of chintzy , but my girls definitely do n't notice . I 'm quite happy with this product .
 My 8 years old daughter love it . She is horse crazy . She also loves jewelry so it 's a perfect for her.I bought it for her Birthday presents . She was so happy . Cute color .
 Product was as expected and was loved as a gift by my 10 year old granddaughter . The various little drawers hold lots of new earrings for her newly pierced ears . We both liked it .
 Got 3 of these music boxes for gifts for our 3 granddaughters!Each has loved their musical jewelry box.And now we plan to start giving them age appropriate jewelry asfuture gifts .
 I bought this jewelry box for my 5 year old 's birthday . It is very well made and will last many years . As with anything , I made sure she understands how to wind the box , to not overwind or touch the horse too roughly . We both love the design and it is something she will grow with until she gets into her teens at least . Very happy with this purchase .
 I do not know what one reviewer is complaining about , mentioning `` small sticker on bottom warning that music box contains lead ... '' ; there is no such sticker on the bottom of mine . Perhaps my box is a newer version ? The box is 10 times nicer looking than the picture ! It is educational in the wonderment of its compartments , and it is well made . You can not go wrong purchasing this for a gift . It is beautiful at any price ! Fit for any princess !
 I brought this jewelry box for my daughters 5th birthday . I looked every where for one with a horse but they just were not right . When i found this one I fell in love with it . I prayed it was what I wanted . When I opened the box it was even better . My daughter loved it she spends hours arranging her stuff and watching the horse spin and the music play . She looks at the pictures all the time and reads the saying on it . When my other daughters turn 5 this is what I will buy them too .
 I bought this box for my 5 year old and a similar one for my 2 year old from Enchantmints . They are both beautiful and the girls LOVE them . By far the best gifts -LRB- and cheapest -RRB- this Christmas !! The toys are already in the toy box and forgot while these are taken from the dresser to the bed so they can listen and watch them every morning and night . Also a great place to put those most important necklaces .
 My 5 year old granddaughter was delighted with this jewelry box ! It 's beautiful and just right for younger girls .
 I brought this music box for my granddaughter 's 8 year old birthday and she absolutely loves it . She said it was the best present she ever received . The music box is adorable and looks very well made . I highly recommend it .
 Purchased this for a young lady who loves both horses and jewelry , so this seemed a good choice for a jewelry box . She was delighted .
 The box was a bit smaller than I would have thought ... but it was beautiful and my granddaughter LOVED it ! Beside what Santa got her I think it was her favorite thing . She loves horses and this jewelry box is just right for the little girl that wears jewlrey and loves horses !
 Purchased for my 3 year old girl for Christmas and she loves it . She likes the wind up music and loves the little hidden drawers to put her treasures in . This one is a keeper that I think she will like for years to come .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 Super pretty ring . Very well made . Looks very dainty on the hand . Black Hills Gold is classic & always looks good w / anything .
 I was given this exact ring as a teenager by friend 's of my mothers ' , and pawned it for $ 20-to my everlasting shame . Having looked for a replacement to no avail , for so long that I almost given up ... amazing that seven years later I just stumble upon it here on Amazon . Thanks .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 SecureHoop earrings are the most comfortable earrings I have ever worn , and I do not worry about losing them . I sleep in mine , shower and shampoo , do Pilates and yoga , and have even snorkeled , and they do not come out until I take them out.The only problem I have had with them is that the only kind of earring I want to wear are SecureHoop earrings . I have three pairs . I wish they did a bit more with colored stones , in fact , because I 'd probably buy additional pairs.These may be the last earrings you ever buy because you may -LRB- like me -RRB- not want to wear any others .
 These are beautiful and beautifully made earrings . I found everything about them to be very fine . The metal has a beautiful finish , and the secure fastening is solid . The diamonds sparkle brightly and appear very colorless - however , they seem hardly bigger than pinpricks . You need to be fairly close-up to notice them . Overall , these earrings seem to be flawlessly constructed . Just be aware that they are petite .
 I totally disagree with the reviewer of May 12 , 2007 . These simply were not the earrings she had hoped for . For me , they were exactly what I wanted . I am a short person with short hair and like to wear small , feminine earrings . I am also very active -LRB- bicycle , cross-country ski , swim -RRB- and need something that will stay put . The Secure Hoop Diamond Gypsy-Setting Hoop Earrings are meeting all my needs . What impresses the heck out of me is that CoolStyles -LRB- in Florida -RRB- got these earrings to me -LRB- in Michigan -RRB- on the 4th business day after I placed my order . I believe they had the best price on the ` net as well .
 The vendor , through Amazon , is ` CoolStyle ' . This was for a man 's earring , and it was exactly what I was looking for . I searched the web for a several days looking at different vendors & styles . This one caught my eye immediately . The price seemed reasonable , compared to similar items . CoolStyle shipped it promptly , and the quality seems to be very good . The diamonds are very small - and that was exactly what I wanted - just a little bit of flash . A very nice touch is the brushed finish on the outside of the ring , while the sides are polished.BTW - I was a little nervous of the Safety Lock , but it seems to keep the earring very secure , and it is barely visible on the backside . I leave the earring on all the time , and it has never opened up on me.They also arrived with a nice polished wooden box -LRB- to keep my spare , as they come in a pair -RRB- .
 I wanted a perfect hoop earring without a post sticking out the back . This hoop is very comfortable and perfect size . I do not wear earings normally but was able to wear this without taking it off for days . The 3 little diamonds give a very subtle shine which is also very attractive .
 Nice width , weight , and size . Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it does n't irritate my skin or turn colors . Very Nice .
 Excellent time of delivery . The chain is well made , very good craftsmanship , and looks great . One -LRB- 1 -RRB- big problem . Chain was barely 17 `` s long and was more of a choker than a necklace . In the future will get 20 '' chain . Can make smaller but not larger .
 It wasn 5.5 mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22 '' in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks .
 This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big . I decided on a 7 '' `` diamond cut '' silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT . I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDO N'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I 'M TAKING A SHOWER . EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I 'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO . THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD , THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER , OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD . I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT . THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE .
 Very beautiful necklace . It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted . I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me .
 I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT . I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDO N'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I 'M TAKING A SHOWER . EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I 'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO . THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD , THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER , OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD . I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT . THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE .
 Very beautiful necklace . It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted . I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 Nice width , weight , and size . Have been wearing this since it arrived a few months ago and it does n't irritate my skin or turn colors . Very Nice .
 Excellent time of delivery . The chain is well made , very good craftsmanship , and looks great . One -LRB- 1 -RRB- big problem . Chain was barely 17 `` s long and was more of a choker than a necklace . In the future will get 20 '' chain . Can make smaller but not larger .
 It wasn 5.5 mm in width but the seller told me that it may be so with all of Sabrinas necklaces.Also It says 22 '' in length but thats also counting the lobster claw and hooks .
 This was a nice product although I had to return it as it was too big . I decided on a 7 '' `` diamond cut '' silver bracelet from Sabrina Silver and was very pleased with the whole transaction .
 It is as nice as it looks on the picture . :-RRB- I like it . : -RRB-
 this seller was great . I returned my origional purchase for a different one and they made the exchange without any trouble and quickly . would definaltely recomend .
 excellent craftsmanship , and a price you just ca n't pass up . I have recommended this item and company to everyone I know .
 The necklace is great - just what I was looking ! Also very impressed with Sabrina Silver 's quick processing/delivery !
 I bought these for myself -LRB- chain and bracelet -RRB- and they are beautiful , even more so than the picture , Sabrina Silver is a great seller .
 I really love this necklace . I bought it for my 10 year old and its better than the picture . Its for a great price too . It even came gift boxed for free .
 I 've found other , less expensive Italian diamond cut rope chains on the net but they are MUCH lighter weight and flimsier . I absolutely LOVE this chain and get gobs of compliments on it so I intend to purchase more from Sabrina Silver in other lengths . Excellent seller . Exquisite product . I 'm VERY pleased !
 The chain I received is better than my expectation . One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver ? I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 When I got this it was ridiculously shiny , almost to the point I did not want to wear it . Fortunately , it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks . Seems durable and looks good with just about anything . Price was nice as well .
 This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on . It 's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny . I love it !
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 The chain I received is better than my expectation . One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver ? I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 I love this bracelet so much ! It arrived on time -LRB- early , even -RRB- and looks great with everything ! Totally classy and shiny !
 When I got this it was ridiculously shiny , almost to the point I did not want to wear it . Fortunately , it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks . Seems durable and looks good with just about anything . Price was nice as well .
 This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on . It 's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny . I love it !
 I bought this ring for my daughters graduation . I received the ring faster than expected and it was better than its picture . A very beautiful ring and true to size
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum -LRB- acid test -RRB- and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008 , you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $ 510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid -LRB- $ 510 -RRB- actually more than triple ...
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 I love this bracelet . It is very sexy . I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend . Came quickly , looked even better than in the picture . He has worn this for a year -LRB- without taking it off once -RRB- and it still looks just as good . No tarnish , no breaks , no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27 , 2012 ~ My man has been wearing this for almost three years now . Very masculine and sexy , excellent quality . He says that is is very comfortable as well . -LRB- It does n't pull the hair on his arm -RRB- The style for this is sexy and sophisticated , it does n't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy . Nice weight and durable as well . This looks 10x better on than in the picture .
 I love this bracelet . It is very sexy . I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend . Came quickly , looked even better than in the picture . He has worn this for a year -LRB- without taking it off once -RRB- and it still looks just as good . No tarnish , no breaks , no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27 , 2012 ~ My man has been wearing this for almost three years now . Very masculine and sexy , excellent quality . He says that is is very comfortable as well . -LRB- It does n't pull the hair on his arm -RRB- The style for this is sexy and sophisticated , it does n't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy . Nice weight and durable as well . This looks 10x better on than in the picture .
 I love this bracelet . It is very sexy . I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend . Came quickly , looked even better than in the picture . He has worn this for a year -LRB- without taking it off once -RRB- and it still looks just as good . No tarnish , no breaks , no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27 , 2012 ~ My man has been wearing this for almost three years now . Very masculine and sexy , excellent quality . He says that is is very comfortable as well . -LRB- It does n't pull the hair on his arm -RRB- The style for this is sexy and sophisticated , it does n't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy . Nice weight and durable as well . This looks 10x better on than in the picture .
 I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with . I will definitely be a repeat customer . Thanks Sabrina Silver
 I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with . I will definitely be a repeat customer . Thanks Sabrina Silver
 I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with . I will definitely be a repeat customer . Thanks Sabrina Silver
 I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with . I will definitely be a repeat customer . Thanks Sabrina Silver
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 I bought this necklace for a guy friend of mine . He 's a very close friend so it had to be just right . I was little skeptical about the necklace when I ordered it , but when it got here I was very pleased . It was larger then I thought it would be and it was nice and heavy . It was perfect down to the last detail . When I gave the gift to my friend he was thrilled . The fit was perfect and he even loved the tin the necklace came in . Said he could use it for storing things . It was well worth the money spent and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this product relying on the image presented and am not disappointed . The packaging is perfect and I have nothing negative to say . Thanks !
 came quickly and in perfect condition !!! so well made nice chain and great detail ! I have oder lots of stuff from other places and I have to say this was sent out quick . Anima things are so hard to find and come by.I will for now on look here for all my needs .
 the necklace was great and lived up to all my expectations except for its weight . I thought it would be light and rest nicely on the neck but it did n't . Instead it weighed my neck down a lot and after a hour of wearing it I wanted to take it off . Besides the weight this is a great product for any bleach fan
 Well I got this necklace in great condition . I really like the tin/metal box it came in , I 'm going to keep that since I might put the necklace back in there sometime . This necklace is heavy , but not the kind of heavy where to the point you ca n't stand it , just you will know there is some weight on your neck . The chain is big as in the size of the metal rings , but as the length of the whole chain it is n't long , I had to extend it more which was no problem.The only thing that I do n't like is how it has the company/copyright thing behind engraved on it . Now as to the mask features , it is as good as it can get , though in my opinion they should have used another shade of red , the red it has on it looks a tad bit like brown if you actually look at it . Overall it is a great product , meant to be worn and that is what it 's for , also , I would recommend this for hardcore Bleach fans since I being one really enjoy having this awesome thing on my neck .
 So I really loved the picture of this product and when I got it it was n't the same . It was the same as the picture as the chain and the shape and things of that nature but in the picture it has more of a grunge look to it but the actual product is just shiny steel and also the red streaks are n't colored in . I may have just gotten an unlucky draw with this but it does n't look exactly as pictured which visuals was most of the reason I bought this . Also the chain was a little short for my neck and i had to creatively extend it so it wo n't look like a choker on me . I thought it was just because I had a fat neck but my friend has the same experience with it being just a little longer on him . Besides that it 's really a great product and I like wearing it and the packaging is pretty nice too they give you a little tin with a clear face so you can see it . Very nice display .
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it . I plan to get her more . : -RRB-
 She loves everything anime . She was very excited about this . The chain is much thicker than i realized but she does n't mind at all .
 Glad this product is available for Bleach fans.Solid feel to the product , worth the moneyGreat for male or female
 I loved my necklace when I got it , I love bleach too so , of course . : -RRB- The only problem is , I thought the chain would be longer , and the skull would be round instead of flat ... But other than that it is still an awesome necklace : -RRB-
 I ordered this necklace for my friend and she loved it . It came in perfect packaging and on time , I definatley recommend .
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 It 's an okay diamond I guess , if you like solitaires . The band underneathe the stone had two ends that are uneven . It 's not noticable to anyone else not looking at it closely , but since I own it & inspect it closely on a daily basis ... I notice it and it bothers me !
 This is an unbeatable price on a platinum wedding band . I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it still looks great . We looked at bands in several jewelry stores and this one looks just as nice as those and the style is more of what we were looking for . It is comfortable to wear and is a good solid weight for a men 's ring . I would definitely recommend this item to someone looking for a platinum band . Of course I think it would be a good idea to try some on at a store to be sure of the size and width you want .
 As advertised ... quickly delivered and they look the same `` in person '' as they do in the photo . Attractive and well-made .
 gave a pair to daughter and one for me love love love them and we both needed the right studs these are them
 i loved these earings i bought them for my mom in law for christmas and i was very happy ... they were a great size , not too large but not too small that you couldnt see the design all in all i would buy this item again ... the necklace that matched was also very well designed and the stones are set very well im not afraid of her losing the turqoise out of it .
 Jewelry and select items from around the globe . The Ocean Cross was an exquisite piece of workmanship from the NOVICA collection of artists from various countries . It should be noted that each item ships from its country of origin so if it 's for a gift allow time for delivery .
 It is a sturdy piece . It is an ID necklace , not a fine piece of jewelryServes it 's purpose well . .
 Great Product and purchased it as a fob for a work pouch to alert anyone I worked with that I am Diabetic .
 The Medical ID Necklace for men is a very good , high quality identifyer for a diabetic to wear . I got mine in in about 5 days after placing the order , and wear it every day . You will be happy if you need and order one .
 It is necessary for all diabetics to own and wear one , for when they are unable to communicate with the ems/emt , the necklace speaks for them .
 Been wearin this for a while now and It has become a part of me I guess . Like my ring I know when it 's not on me .
 I purchased this item for my daughter , age 19 . She was recently diagnosed as a diabetic . The only complaint she has with this necklace is there is no opening , you have to put it over your head . Thank goodness she can fit it over her head . She was kind of disappointed with it because of that .
 My doctor was on me for a pretty long time to get an id tag but I really did n't want one . I finally realized it is something very important to have on , especially if you work away from people who know you are diabetic . After wearing it a while you forget you even have it on . It is very discrete and lightweight .
 I am diabetic and just in case I am unconscious , I would like it known that I am diabetic . Highly recommended to any diabetic people .
 I recently purchased the diabetic necklace for my ten year old son . He had tried wearing a bracelet but it kept breaking . The necklace is perfect since he loves wearing it . Thank you for the quick delivery .
 This is a very functional , inexpensive necklace and is comfortable to wear . I am happy with this , both the product and the price .
 I 've been looking for a Diabetic specific ID bracelet for a good price . This satisfied me in quality and price .
 I could not find an inexpensive dibetes medic alert necklace at any of the local pharmacys . They only offered expensive custom orders that would take weeks to get . This was just what I was lookingh for and it was quick and inexpensive .
 This is the extra one that we needed in case he breaks the other one we bought and it stays in his work truck at all times
 took it off the chain and put it on a charm bracelet - my cousin loved it -- older lady and she was self conscious about telling the world about her &#34; personal business &#34; looks like a nice piece of jewelry - good shine and size .
 This was a great price for the tag . The chain was a bit on the chintzy side , so I ended up using an older chain that I had on hand .
 this is a cute charm - MUCH smaller and thinner than a charm should be . I wish the picture would have been in relation to a necklace or on a charm bracelet so you could see the dimensions of the product . No complaints , just curious .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I bought these earrings to wear in my wedding . They sparkle beautifully and I admire them in all the pics that were taken in the wedding . I highly recommend them !
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available , my love gave it to me for our handfasting . It 's exactly the measurements described , but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler . Has a good weight , stamped inside , `` Novell 14 K HANDMADE . '' Beyond that , it 's beautiful . The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges . A little bigger than the average `` lady 's ring , '' it could work for a lady or a gent .
 My Husband and I just got married on June 9 , 2007 . I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows . I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal . My husband gets so many compliments on his ring . Because it is beautiful and unique . It is high quality too . Thanks Amazon . You helped to make our day perfect.Laura
 An eye catching combination of style , quality and statement . The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love . It could be a wedding band , or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side .
 Priced right ! I bought 3 for gifts next C-Mas . The Prada pin comes with a Prada box , tissue , and authenticity card . I also bought the Prada Bob and the Prada Anchor pins ! Thank you Amazon ! Debbie
 The ring is beautiful , so much so that when my teenage daughter cracked and broke hers after a lot of abuse , she requested this same version of the Claddagh . Something even more important to me is this is one of almost a dozen items I 've purchased from this company from jewelry to a fabulous mortar and pestle set . Shipping is quick , items are exactly as stated . Taos is trust worthy and I am very , very happy with every item I 've purchased from them .
 I bought this ring as a present for valentines day for my girlfriend . I was a little worried about ordering a ring off of the internet for two reasons . One I was worried about the overall quality of the ring matching the picture , which it did . The other being if the size was not correct how would the customer assistance be and it was GREAT . The ring was great quality it was more on the petite side which I like . My girlfriend could not be happier with it . She has problems with nickel based jewelry and it is , like they state nickel-free . I got the size right , twice and they could not have been more helpful in fixing this error they not only sent me a new one quickly and were more then helpful making sure I got exactly what I had wanted . Thank you Taos .
 I have been looking for one of these that I like for a while and this one is it ! It came quickly and well wrapped and I LOVE it ! I wear it every day !
 If you thought the details on this ring were the most beautiful one on this website , you 'd so be right ! The ring 's detailing is amazing , and everything on the ring is perfectly proportional . I ended up giving my ring to my mom because it was a bit too big -LRB- I guess I measured my size wrong -RRB- . Now this ring is n't made in Ireland -LRB- Thailand -RRB- , but I 've had claddagh ring from Ireland -LRB- but I lost that while I was moving -RRB- , and the detail was nowhere near the quality of the detail that 's on this ring . The hand shape is especially well crafted.I definitely recommend this product !
 This claddagh ring looks exactly as to what the picture displays . I love it ! I 've always wanted one -LRB- since I was little -RRB- because I 'm of Irish descent.Now I do n't agree at all with the comment saying it 's big and masculine looking for a woman . I personally have very small , slender & dainty hands -LRB- I get comments all the time on how TINY my hands are ... -RRB- and this ring looks perfect on my very feminine hand , it 's not over powering or bulky.Personally the sizing for me was a little off . I measured my ring finger and said that I was a size 6 . Which is what I ordered ... I knew I should have went for a size 5 !! - keep that in mind just in case.In the end I was n't too concerned with sending it back for an exchange in size because it does fit my middle finger perfectly .
 I had been searching for a Claddagh righ for a while and I came across this one . It was just what I wanted . When my boyfriend got the ring he loved it ! He thought it was nice that it told him what it meant , since he did n't know the meaning of it . All around a great gift to buy . < 3
 I purchased 3 claddagh rings as purity rings for my 3 girls . They are beautiful rings . One I ordered was too large -LRB- our mistake in measuring -RRB- . The company made it easy to return and promptly sent us our new ring .
 I am so very pleased with this purchase . The ring is beautifully designed and exactly what I was hoping for . Even the ordering process was pleasing . It arrived quickly and even came in a box with a brief history of the claddagh and a jewelry cloth to keep it in good condition . I highly recommend this seller .
 Loved this ring . It arrived exactly as pictured . I bought it for my 13-year old daughter for Christmas . She wears it all the time , and receives many compliments/questions about it . It feels very solid , not like some flimsy ones we 've seen at stores that cost double the price . -LRB- She 's wanted one ever since she was watching old episodes of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' on DVD , and saw Angel give Buffy a beautiful ring like this . -RRB-
 Ordered it for my girlfriend . It came quickly and is very pretty compared to other claddagh rings I have seen . Everything is just in perfect proportion to each other . The shine has faded a bit since I got it three months ago ... but it 's still loved.EDIT
 A lot of modern makers of Claddagh rings seem to think that the traditional design is n't good enough , and that they have to add more `` style . '' I would n't have a problem with that if their styles were not very often bulky , graceless , or downright ugly.Here , however , we have a ring that is elegantly small and tastefully designed . There are no strangely deformed hands or oversized hearts . Everything is very nicely in proportion , and small enough that it looks very good on even the slightest woman 's finger -LRB- trust me on that one , the woman for whom I bought this has such slight fingers , size 5 is almost too big for her -RRB- . Also , the silver is cheerfully bright , something the picture does not convey well enough . After consistent daily use , we can see no sign of tarnish or of wear on the inside.This ring is one of the most traditionally , tastefully beautiful Claddagh rings I 've seen , and for the price , it just ca n't be beaten . Just be careful which hand you wear it on !
 I 've been looking for a good sized Claddagh ring for some time now all over the internet and I 'm so glad that I decided to go with this one ! The ring is a good size , not too large for a woman , and the design is beautiful ! I love it ! It 's a fantastic ring , with a fantastic price !
 I got this ring for my girlfriend as a birthday present , and she loved it . The only problem she had was deciding what finger to wear it on . I also really liked how the order came with a catalog and a business card for future orders .
 My dad got this ring for me , so he 's letting me write this review on his account.I love this ring ! The two pictures of it on here do n't do it justice . When I got it , it was nicely packaged in a little baggie inside a white cardboard box with foam , and it fit perfectly . Everything is proportional -- no disturbingly large heart or deformed hands , and the silver does n't tarnish easily . However , it 's fairly malleable and easy to scratch if you 're not careful . I got a little scratch mark on the surface of the heart , and it 's not really noticeable to anyone -LRB- except myself -RRB- but it still kind of bothers me . Even if I end up breaking it I 'll probably buy another of the same . : -RRB-
 I love this ring !!! It is light , delicate and feminine as they get . I had gotten another claddaugh ring here on Amazon , but it was soooo big and clunky that I had to return it . I am all about wearing feminine jewelry and this ring was just exactly what I was looking for . It is sturdy yet so very , very feminine at the same time . When you look at it on the hand , you know it 's a ladies ' ring !!! The only thing I wish all the silversmiths would do is to make rings by .5 , like 6.5 , 7.5 etc. . Six is a little too tight , but a seven is too loose for my liking and loose rings drives me nutz .
 I love my new ring ! It came earlier then the estimated delivery date . It 's a moderately small size , definitly delicate enough for a woman . It looks just like it does in the picture . I was concerned about sizing , and that the nine would be too small , but it fits perfectly ! When I used the sizing chart , I measured a comfterably loose ring , and was a size ten . However , this ring I bought in a nine and it fits perfectly , with a comfterable amount of space . I would definitly reccomend this ring !
 The ring is in perfect condition 3 years after purchase . Plus ! , I got it for half the current price , though I would still pay the current price for it.Great buy .
 I bought this ring as a gift for a friend . She liked it so much she has since become my girlfriend ! Ok , well , she did n't become my girlfriend because of the ring , but she does really like it , and I had no hesitation in giving it to her because the craftsmanship was very impeccable . She loves wearing it and I wish other jewelry I had bought in the past was the same quality . I know with care this claddagh ring will last a lifetime and beyond .
 This is such a pretty little ring ! Even on my small hands it does n't overpower . I had even accidentally ordered one that was too big , but Taos called me and gladly traded it for a smaller one . I 'd gladly buy from them again !
 There are a lot of different styles of claddagh rings , and honestly a lot of them look like junk . The hands often look more like oven mits and the heart looks like a lumpy rock.The detail in this ring is great , looks just like the picture , and scored major points for me with my girlfriend . Definitely a good buy , especially for the price .
 I literally ordered this ring two days ago with regular shipping and it is on my finger right now ... Amazingly fast delivery . It 's exactly what I had envisioned when looking at the picture and seems sturdy and high quality . I 'm very pleased with my purchase and will definitely order from Taos again !
 I ordered this ring for my daughter . It arrived before the expected time and looked exactly as pictured .
 ` Irish Friendship / Love Claddagh Ring in Sterling Silver size 6 , # 2601-6 ` Beautiful ring , which I get compliments on . Delivery was prompt .
 I bought this for my best friend for her birthday . It came and it was so lovely that I had to give it to her as soon as I got it . She loves it and I would recomend this ring with no regrets .
 I purchased this ring for my mother as part of her Christmas present . We are part Irish and she has always loved that culture . Her dream vacation would be to go but since we could not afford to take her there , I could at least bring some of it to her . The ring was beautiful . No tarnish or blatant signs of cheapness , clear design , good color to the silver . It runs very true to size and was way more delicate in real life than what it looks like in the picture but I love that about it . The only draw back is that the inside is very clearly stamped THAILAND on the band which I 'm sure says something about it 's quality or it 's origins , and I was a little disappointed over that . All in All I am satisfied with it : -RRB-
 I love this product , I had gotten this for my girlfriend as one of our anniversary presents since she was somewhat into rings , when I showed it to her , she loved it . its been about 6-7 months since I gave it to her , and it is still in perfect condition , she told me it never left any stains on her fingers at all . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to give this as a gift , they will love it -LRB- :
 I purchased this for a friend who has always wanted a Claddagh ring . This one is far and away the best I 've seen in this price range . Beautifully designed and manufactured . Very delicate features . Highly recommended .
 Great craftsmanship!Our daughter has been wanting one of these rings ever since she first seen it on Buffy.And she loves it!She also has the matching necklace . Thanks !
 I got the ring and I absolutely love it ! it came a day earlier than it was supposed to and its the perfect size ! Its also super comfy and super shiny ! I love it and i would recommend it to anyone who wants one
 I got this ring as a gift for someone . I noticed the reviews were very complimentary so I went with it . I am very glad I did . This ring is very nice and has a great size and very detailed look . I checked at places like walmart , target , and kohls and for being the same price they were extremely inferior . The 1 I saw at kohls which was $ 40 looked like it was made out of plastic . I checked the 1s made in ireland as well and this 1 is even better than that . Do n't let the being made in Thailand thing throw you , its the best example of a classic claddagh ring I have seen . The seller also was very fast in shipping this out . I ordered late on a Monday evening and recieved by Friday . I do n't normally review things , but this def deserved it . I highly recommend .
 This ring is simple , but that is exactly what I wanted . I have been able to wear it while doing household chores , such as laundry and dishes , and it seems to be able to withstand those chemicals . It 's really a great choice if you want something simple but sweet .
 This high quality Claddagh ring was the perfect Christmas gift ! My daughter loved everything about it from it 's high polished shine to the way it feels on her hand . She has had many complements and wears it everyday . I would buy from this seller again . Fast shipping and packaged nicely too ! Thank you !
 i 've been looking for a claddagh ring that suited my personal taste for quite a while . this one immediately jumped out at me , unlike all the other styles i 've seen . it is just the right balance between delicacy and strength . just be careful about sizing your finger properly .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous . It was supposed to be delivered between Thursday and Tuesday - it arrived Wednesday , a day early , safely packaged . : -RRB- The ring seems durable , and is absolutely beautiful . Definitely not too large for a woman , it seems feminine and sweet . I 'm so excited to wear it every day . If you 're going for a claddagh ring at a decent price , this is definitely the one .
 Thank you for the beautiful ring ! I wear it all the time ! I would definitely recommend this item and the price was very inexpensive . :-RRB- Check out the seller 's website !
 I ordered three of these rings based on other people 's reviews . They are very pretty , a nice weight , and everyone loved them ! I would recommend this ring .
 Shipping was fast ! The ring size fit perfectly , the price was good , and the ring is just gorgeous . I agree with others that this design is one of the better Claddagh rings .
 Got this for a birthday present for my teenage daughter and she loved it . It is just what she wanted . Good quality and reasonable price .
 I absolutely love my new ring !! Sterling silver rings I 've bought in the past have always scratched , but this ring has remained as polished as it looked when it first arrived ! I would definitely recommend this ring and I would definitely buy from this company again . Excellent service and a VERY speedy delivery .
 This is an extremely nice necklace . It goes with everything and is a perfect size . It is my go to necklace now .
 This bracelet has 5 colorful disc beads . Each color disc bead is separeted by 2 little blue flowered hearts . Check it out by looking above at my customer 's images . My favorite disc bead color is the read one . It 's whymsical , summery and why not ? brings a smile to your face everytime you wear it !
 These are beautiful earrings . I bought many of these Novica Collection Flower Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous .
 As the name described , it is a neat/gorgeous brooch . More than anything , the vendor is very honest , trustworthy , and responsible for its items . The customer service is excellent .
 Love this pin its alot bigger than I thought came very quickly its a beautiful pin sparkels in the light .
 I ordered this pin as a birthday gift for my boyfriend 's mother - a huge risk , I know . I was THRILLED when I received the package . I can not believe a pin of this quality is priced this low ! It is beautiful ! The pin has much detail and a shimmering stone body . I almost want to keep it for myself but I will give it to `` mom '' because I think this really will win her over -LRB- this is our first meeting ! -RRB- The pin came in a lovely box
 I loved the design of these earrings . Turquoise being my favourite gemstone , the earrings were not a flawless blue . Ofcourse , maybe it is untreated turquoise . But they were a kind of blue with brown spots . If it were a good blue as shown in the photo , it would have been a great pair ...
 My earings arrived within a few days of order , carefully packaged and included I found easy directions for returning them if I was not satisfied with my purchase . Happily when I opened the package inside the outer conainer I found them to be exactly as they were pictured and I love them.Since my husband is now disabled I 'm not able to get out to stores and shop . My computer and people like Amazon have opened a wonderful new avenue for me to do my shopping . Christmas shopping this year was such fun and a breeze . . I did it all on the computer . . Thanks , Amazon .
 I really liked the Murano glass and matching Swarowski Crystal in the bracelet , it is very beautiful . The only issue I had was that the clasp was so large that it left a big open space in the glass and crystal . Also , the bracelet was too long , approximately 8 '' , so I had to have it resized , which required that I remove one glass bead and the matching crystal at one end and replace the clasp with a lobster claw , which was an additional $ 27.00 at my local jeweler . I would recommend that the manufacturer change the clasp to one that is more secure and make the clasp smaller , so the bracelet is not as long to fit an average ladies wrist without falling off .
 The shape is flattering to the neckline and unlike other collars I own , it lays flat around the neck and required no adjustment . Although light in weight , it is not flimsy and stays in place . The V-shape , 17 '' length and and 3mm size is perfect for pendants with smaller bails .
 I love it so much ! The hammered detail is simply marvelous , it is easy to put on and stays put , perfectly curved to stay close to my neck and upper chest . It is just what I expected and more , it even looks amazing with a pendent - especially a round one!Don ' t hesitate to get this trust me it 's worth it!Oh , and it came within days , before the week was over it was in the mailbox ; Arriving at least 3 days before I was expecting it to !
 Just received this on Monday . It is really nice . I like how it fits and the quality is very good . I 've gotten many complements on how nice it looks .
 I bought these for my 7 yr old and she LOVES them . They are excellent quality for the price and just the right size for a young girl . The price is really unbelievable for the quality of earrings ... Target , Kohls or WalMart would sell these for 4 to 6 times the price!Update
 These pearls are all attached to each other , as you can see , and the earrings are small . Better for younger -LRB- under 7 -RRB- girls . Feminine and dainty .
 I got this chain about 3 days after I placed the order for it , and I was just amazed at how pretty it was when I unboxed it . I just love the feel of the link , as it is smooth , and wont tangle in my hair like most open links . This chain also feels sturdy , I plan on wearing my new cross on this chain , and I feel confident the chain is going to hold up well to daily wear , and not kink , or break .
 If you need a chain like this , this was a great price and came quickly in the mail . It is very sturdy also .
 I always seem to lose my expensive bracelets and necklaces , but this I have worn every single day and it 's still on and looks great !
 The jewels look great and the setting has substantial weight to it . Very nice .
 This was the perfect jewlery armoire ! I have been looking for a very long time to find one that matched the rest of my bedroom suit and if you did n't know better you would have thought that this piece was part of the set . It is the perfect height for hanging necklaces without getting them all intertwined with each other . There is plenty of space for all my jewlery with just enough separation compartments so that things do not become unorganized . The quality of this piece is also very good . I would recommend this jewlery armoire to everyone !
 Excellent product ; solves all my jewellery storage needs in a very attractive armoire that manages to also match my bedroom furniture . Thank you !
 This chain is truly lovely and looks good with any type of pendant . The length is perfect and the chain has a nice shimmer . It is delicate enough in appearance that it is a very classy-looking chain and dresses up an outfit . It is also strong and durable ; it stands up to frequent use . It 's my `` go-to '' chain when I 'm getting ready to go out . I will purchase more of this type of chain .
 Great earrings . I love the square cut of these and the color is very pretty . Overall I am satisfied with this product .
 I bought these match a ring I gave my girlfriend . They look great and she loves them . She wears the ring and ear rings all the time now . She told me the backs are a little long and the clasp has fallen off one time . So she is thinking about getting a different clasp for them . They seem to be holding up great because she has worn them for over a month straight now .
 I love this earrings . I was looking for some red jewelry to go with my gameday outfits -LRB- go UGA ! -RRB- and these are great . The color is actually a deeper red than the picture , but they 're pretty big and shiny . I love them .
 I recently purchased this necklace and I am very pleased . I got many compliments . My own mother asked to wear it for a wedding shower and she got compliments on it too . It shines best in natural sun light . You 'll feel good wearing this and never grow bored of it . I anticipate putting it on before I leave the house . Part of why it shines so well is because of how clean the cuts on the little circles are -LRB- not sure what the correct term or word is -RRB- . Augustina is an incredibly great company , and although they are big into pearls the necklaces are for both men and women . Buy this item for yourself or give it to someone as a gift -LRB- just imagine the expression on their face when you hand it over to them -RRB- . Just make sure you know the thickness and length you want .
 These necklaces are wonderful and truly worth more than words . I bought two , one for a friend and both of us are enjoying them fully . It 's a shame there is no photograph for them as it would honestly help sell them . The small , winged angel is so perfect in details that it makes a wonderful gift or present to anyone - even to yourself ! It 's just the right size , comes with the perfect chain and is quite simply , just `` perfect '' !
 When i ordered this neckalce i was sort of skeptical about actually ordering it . i thought it was going to be something cruddy , and something that looks cheap . And really , the picture does not justice , i recieved it in the mail today and i thought it was the most beautiful angel i ever saw ! its a gift for my mother , and i know she will love it ! i cant wait til she opens it on christmas day ! This purchase was so worth it !! Its really an amazing gift , and this angel is beautiful !
 I have n't actually worn it permanently yet , but it 's comfortable , pretty , and the size is just right ! Keep up the great work !
 great item !!! received the ring very soon after ordering , and it is very beautiful . the size is slightly smaller than it should be , and the band is very thin , and will bend easily , but it could not have been a better buy !!
 My 9-yr old daughter has an alergic reaction to all earrings except sterling silver . These are great earings for the price and are perfect for a young girl !
 I love my purchase . I chose to get them at Amazon.com rather than a store because of my great experiences with Amazon.com in the past . The earrings were a great price . Amazon.com emailed me when my order was placed AND when my item was shipped . I am very satisfied with my order and I plan to buy more from Amazon.com in the future ! A +
 I got these for my little niece and they are perfect fora pink loving little girl ; especially for the price .
 When I originally received this ring , I noticed a flaw in the stone . I e-mailed the distributer and they quickly replaced it with a new one of excellent quality . I would recommend this company any day .
 I put these on my Wish List over a year ago . My boyfriend bought them for me as a birthday/anniversary gift . These are great earrings . I 've had some bad luck ordering jewelry online . Often I 've gotten poor quality/plated metals or earrings that look cheap in person.Overall , these earrings look as nice as the photo , are a good weight -LRB- not too heavy or awkwardly light -RRB- , nice size/length and look to be solid materials -LRB- sterling as described -RRB- .
 I loved these earrings so much they quickly became my favorite . But then I lost one during a Journey tribute concert . :-LRB- Maybe I will order them again if I can once again justify getting something for myself , I have two children so it is a rare occurance . Until then I will look at my one remaining earring and take a moment to reflect on how sad both the Journey tribute band and the loss of my favorite earring was.The quality of these earrings were so worth the price , it really is a steal . Lightweight , beautiful and I had so many compliments on them . They were delivered quickly . I did not expect such great quality for such a low price . Now I must stop talking about them because it makes me sad that they will no longer grace my lonley earlobes .
 these are beautiful , light weight , many compliments from others . great earrings for the price .
 I gave them as a gift and I 'm assuming they are well loved , she wears all the time . ; - -RRB-
 These are great , very light , but look really nice -LRB- not cheap -RRB- . Hard to tell they are knockoffs !
 The order arrived before expected and as always the earrings were nice and easy to put , they 're light so you wo n't notice you 're wearing them
 I bought these for my mom for Mother 's Day and she loves them ! Very cute and understated earrings .
 I was n't sure what to expect , but these are made from a very nice smooth silter they are practically seamless and they do n't weigh a lot . And these are the perfect in between earrings not too big and not too small .
 super fast shipping.The Item as described , worth every penny , does n't look cheap , for day or night.these are the perfect size , not heavy , they stay in place .
 These earrings are sturdy . I mention this because I 've had a few pairs of this style from different stores and they all break at the hook part of the earring . But I think these will last longer because they seem to be a bit thicker.I was a bit disappointed when I saw them for the first time because they had black gooey spots on them both . I had to take my fingernail at scrape off the spots . Kinda gross ... The shipping was very fast and the packaging was very well done !
 This rings is outstanding . It is three deminsional and fitis my finger as if it were mad specifically for me . The waves are raised as the swells of the oceans as the ebb and flow of the tides . I would recommend this ring to anyone who is familiar with the ocean or anyone who would like to feel the flow of the tides .
 Was slightly disappointed that the pattern didnt quite match up on one side , maybe it was the size ring I ordered . But other then that the ring looked great and I love it .
 This item arrived quickly . It has a slight defect in the oxidized part of the pattern . If I requested it , I 'm sure the company would replace it . Otherwise , I have been completely satisfied with all the products purchased at this site . Thank you , I will continue to do business here !
 I wanted chipped earrings with just the stones and no fancy design and I finally found it here . I bought rose quartz , smokey quartz and carnelian chipped earrings and they are all worth it . Reasonably priced and good quality .
 A beautiful piece of jewelry , it will make my daughter very happy on her birthday this Dec. . I bought this so early because at this price , it was a steal ! I have not come across another bracelet half as nice for the money!I am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone.M.Hamlyn
 This will be one of the gifts for my grandniece on graduation . She will have the necklace and ring to go with it . As it is her birthstone , and she does n't have any blue topaz jewelry yet , this will be perfect .
 I love wearing it , I have matching earrings and pendant , I 've received many compliments on the bracelet . I have a small wrist and it is a perfect fit !
 I bought five earrings each a different stone but all chips . I get compliments on them all the time . I needed just a simple earring for manydifferent colors of cloths for work and these are perfect . I just love them
 Very well made , beautiful , and very affordable . These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection . I recommend this purchase .
 I love the earrings , but the ear wires are garbage . If you get these earrings , it 'd be to your benefit to buy/have an extra set of hooks on hand to replace the ones they come with . They were thin , misshapen and had `` engraving '' on it that made them very rough . Since I am sensitive to all metals except titanium & niobium it was no problem since I have to change them out anyway , but I 'd be pretty put out if I was planning on keeping them as is .
 I get so many complements on these . For what I paid for them , I will be ordering more ; and , some I will be purchasing as gifts . This is a wonderful value , and just right for the economy we live in .
 Good quality pin for hats , lapels , backpacks and more ! Great quality at a great price ! Colors and details are very nice on this pin !
 I got this as a present after putting it on my wish list . I love it . It is really delicate and pretty . It 's a little smaller than I thought it would be but still one of my favorite pieces of jewelry .
 This is a lovely necklace , the pictures do not do this necklace justice . It is much prettier in person . It was shipped fast and arrived as promised . I would highly recommend this piece for anyone who is looking for something like this .
 I was very happy when I got this piece , it 's a little smaller than I thought but it 's just as pretty . It gives off a great sparkle in the light . The chain is thin but it works well with size of the pendant . I love it !
 I bought this necklace and butterfly pendant for my wife as a Valentines day gift and she loves it . The quality is just as good as anything I have bought in a jewelry store . I think the chain is a liitle short but my wife seems to think it is just fine . This has quickly become her favorite necklace as it is always around her neck ! Dont believe the negative reviews as I have spent 5 times as much on a piece and it wasnt any better quality than this . Shipped very quickly and packaged in a nice jewelry box .
 this is a very beautiful pendent . very elegant and goes with anything . just change the chain cause it 's very flimsy .
 I purchase this item for my girlfriend and it was a Christmas present the girl while to open it is how I wrapped it when she opened it she loved it
 I read enough reviews to anticipate the size of the butterfly and the fineness of the chain , so I was happy for the most part with the product . It is very pretty , delicate , and feminine . I did have complaints about the packaging since this was purchased as a gift . The velvet box was very nice , but , and this was a major problem , it really smelled badly , very chemical . Also , the necklace was packaged backwards so I had to dismantle the packaging and replace it correctly . Thirdly there is no indication in the gift box that the piece is white gold and diamonds . I had to trust to the description on the Amazon invoice that I was in fact getting what I expected . All that said , the recipient of the gift , my mother , thought it beautiful and was very pleased .
 Looks better in person , very nice . It was a gift for my wife for our anniversary . She also loves it . So what more can i say !
 When I received this item I was pleasantly surprised at how pretty it was . From reading the other reviews I had pictured it being very tiny , but i found that it is a perfect size , not too big and not too small . It is also very versatile too , you can dress it up with other earrings or make it more of an everyday jewelry piece . I also love how the tiny diamond accents on the part of the butterfly catch the light and give it some extra sparkle ! Its a great piece .
 This is a sweet and pretty necklace . The filigree work is well done . The chain is pretty flimsy though .
 Okay , I bought this as a gift for my sister . It is a lot smaller than I thought by looking at the picture online . It is however still very beautiful . Very shiney . Looks good with just about anything nice you may have on .
 This was a birthday present from my boyfriend . I did have it on my wish list so that worked out just fine ! And to see it in person I was definitely very happy ! It 's so dainty and can be worn with practically anything with a low cut shirt ! The only thing I would change is the chain , it is very fragile looking , I 'm a 5 ' 9 girl and am not very `` delicate '' so it worries me I 'll break it . And the chain rips those little baby hairs out every so often to remind me it 's still on my neck . But I still wear it every day !!!
 Does n't shine like it looks like in the online pic , but my fiancee loves it so I ca n't really complain = -RRB-
 I am so excited about this ring . It is so dainty and sparkly . It is exactly what I wanted . I have small hands and usually do not like to wear jewelry . This ring is so perfect because it is small and light weight ... I hardly notice it ... until it catches the light ... and then it just sparkles . I love it !!!
 These earrings are fun to wear !!! People even thought they were a gift from my husband -LRB- expensive & real -RRB- . I just laughed !!! Great value for simple elegance . LOVE THEM !!! Great size -- any bigger , they would look fake . Thanks .
 I think I have an addiction to Amazon.com Collection Jewelry . I have purchased more pieces than I can count and these earrings are just one pair that I enjoy wearing . The size is great , actually a bit bigger than I expected so that was nice and I 've already received several compliments . You ca n't beat the price for these beauties !
 Nice earrings . A little smaller than I thought , but they are very pretty once you have them on .
 They are comfy and I am able to wear them for long periods of time where with some other metals I can not . The thing is I have smaller ears than some people so the stones are a little big for my ears I think but other than that they are just fine .
 Not pink as the picture is , only pink cast . They are large enough that my old hands can handle . Some of the tiny earrings are difficult . I have worn several times and like them very much .
 These earings are gorgeous ! They look expensive but are priced very low . I love them and will buy more from them . Only bad thing is that the backs are very small and hard to hold on to put them on .
 I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted -LRB- which is pretty hard to find now a days -RRB- it 's a very cool looking design .
 this necklace is great , my son is allergic to the nickel in regular sterling silver . This one looks great and no reaction as promised ! Speedy delivery and item as promised . thanks .
 this necklace is great , my son is allergic to the nickel in regular sterling silver . This one looks great and no reaction as promised ! Speedy delivery and item as promised . thanks .
 I bought this tongue ring for my husband . He love 's the way the tongue ring looks . The tongue ring looks like it has a white smoke on it . Very cool !
 really liked it - same quality as any other but cheaper here on amazon in price.threaded easily on my other bars - good for a classy-dress night as it does n't pick up TOO much attention , and can be relatively hidden if you arent looking for it ...
 Had been looking for some time for diamond earrings . They were perfect , exactly as described and arrived right on time.Would highly recommend .
 Years ago I had a pair of 14k gold endless hoop earrings . I do n't believe mine were as large as these . Anyway , I asked Santa to bring this pair to me and , WOW , I am very pleased with them ! They are the perfect size and light weight , yet feel sturdy . Even though I am 55 , I feel these earrings are not too `` over the top '' !
 My first initial review of observing the gold endless earrings is that they were a little thin from what I expected . However , they are large and it has a beautiful shine . Having slanted eyes these gold endless has really emphasized on bringing out my eyes and I LOVE IT !! Delivery was prompt and they consistently kept me updated about the shipment via email . I 'm really happy with this purchase . The closure is definitely a plus .
 I had a pair of earrings like these but much lighter . These are nice size but still lightweight . I like the look of them very much . I do not wear heavy earrings since I have seen what they do to earlobes after years of use . I like the ` endless ' hoop since it seems safer to wear around small children-if they pull on one it 's more likely to open rather than tear the earlobe .
 Got this for my mom for x-mas . They 're not too small or big , just right.Perfect gift for moms .
 These are terrific earrings and are reasonably priced considering their large size . Like the previous reviewer said that she slept with them on and they stayed in , I had the same experience . I also wear Sennheiser over the ear cupped headphones to listen to mellow music to fall asleep . The earrings stayed on and I did n't have to go searching in the bed for them the next morning like I had with other hooped earrings . I also washed my long hair and they withstood the turbaned towel on my head . They look great , have substance to them and most of all -- THEY STAY LOCKED .
 I was so pleased to find these earrings . I had been looking everywhere for many months for this style . These earrings are special because they are thicker than the average endless hoops but light enough to be comfortable . I leave them in all the time .
 my 2-yr-old Dora fan loves her new jewelry box for storing all her little barrettes , hair elastics , & play jewelry - the drawers stick a little & rubber feet to prevent sliding on the bottom -LRB- which we 'll add in our copious free time ! -RRB- would be helpful , but there are no sharp edges & overall it 's a good 1st jewelry box for a young girly-girl !
 I would buy this again and I definitely recommend it , looks just like it is in the picture and stays in nicely . : -RRB-
 Great ring , my girlfriend got it for me and I was enthralled . It has worn well . The only down fall in the design is the band tapers down to 3mm in diameter at the bottom . As long as you do n't resize your ring -LRB- like I have -RRB- , or put it through extremely rough situations , it should n't be a problem . As expected , the head is heavy and will cause the ring to rotate while wearing it . Make sure the fit is snug to avoid that.Overall , it 's a great ring , I recommend buying it for any wolf lover .
 You can actually see through the center of the belly rings and it appears to have a yellow dot in it . It looks pretty cool :-RRB- The quality seems good and the price is great !
 Marvelous , it was abit pricey , but the workmanship made it worth it , these are artfully done , & I highly recommend buying from this company .
 These ruby CZ studs look rich . They are of high quality . The recipient talked about how hard it is to find red earrings - period . She was pleased with the beauty and quality of her gift .
 I bought these for my mom and they looked great . Not to big or small . The packaging was very cute and she really enjoyed that . They looked nice and not cheesy at all . Overall both she and I were very pleased .
 The earrings can be put on quickly , feel comfortable and are beautiful . I am enjoying them .
 I received these earings and the matching necklace as a gift . Unfortunately it does not appear that the necklace is currently available . However as stand alone pieces the earings are beautiful and simple . As such they can be worn on a daily basis . Contrary to another review the finish is the same as appears on the website . The size is appropriate for almost any face shape . They are very comfortable , and not too heavy at all .
 I bought these on sale for a future gift . They are much nicer looking than pictured and seem well made .
 Came quickly . The design is great and hopefully the color does n't rub/wear off quickly . My daughter is not gental on her jewelry .
 This Item is a must have for any bleach collection . Also , according to the packaging as well as the seller , it is an officially licensed bleach product ! However it is still important I go over the details . When it first arrived it came in a nicely packaged `` blister card , '' which is pretty much just normal packaging like an action figure would come in . After opening , the necklace comes in a nice tin with a clear see through plastic window to display the product . The chain is obviously the one with the balls that allow it to easily lock in around your neck . The actual pendent is durable and it does stick to magnet -LRB- I had to check because I can not always trust the internet -RRB- . The picture is the Squad 3 -LRB- their captain is Captain Gin Ichimaru -RRB- insignia which represents a marigold and is supposed to mean `` despair . '' In case anyone was wondering there is some type of product number or something on the other side of the pendent but just hide it in the back when you wear it . Overall this is a great product and I would recommend it to any bleach fan .
 This is a good quality piece ; seems to have been well-made . I 've had no problems with it so far and do n't expect to . The charm is about an inch long , maybe longer when it starts to come to a point . It 's heavy enough that you can feel it but not so much that it 's a burden or a bother . It has lovely detail , and you can make you the individual petals on the marigold flower perfectly . It 's double-sided , though one side does have the company name etched into it along with the design . The chain is a longer one , with the style of chain like those that typically come with dog tags . I know from experience that those kinds of chains are durable and , from the feel of the charm , I sincerely doubt anything is going to mess my necklace up anytime soon . Unless you use it for target practice -LRB- and you 're a good shot -RRB- , I 'd say this it a very strong and lasting necklace and I definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to show some Gin pride !
 Great quality , exactly as pictured ! Chain is good too , it 's the perfect length , fits over my head , but is n't too long :-RRB- Amazing gift for any Gin or Bleach fan . The other side looks pretty much the same , but it does have a serial number on it . It came new in typical Shonen Jump necklace packaging
 I wear this necklace every day and am delighted when someone recognizes it . I recommend it to Bleach fans not only as a collector piece , but as an awesome necklace .
 This belly ring is my new favorite !!! It is very well made and worth the money !! Thanks !!! We 'll do business again !!
 I love this belly ring . I wish I dodnt have anything negative to say but its not much . The only bad thing about this ring is when you have it on , the top of the belly ring tends to stick out , and you have to keep pushing it back down . But the edges are not sharp , and it looks very sexy on .
 Got this earlier on this week . I like it but idk seems a little too gothic-y for me ... or maybe that 's not even the word . My main problem with it is that from a distance people ca n't tell what 's happening around your navel because it just looks like black lol . However it does go well with my black bathing suits so that 's why it 's getting a relatively high rating since that is the reason I bought it . I just do n't see me wearing it much with anything else that I already have .
 The earrings are beautiful . They were packed well and I was delighted to get them so fast . -LRB- less than 7 days -RRB- . I would recommend this company to everyone .
 I purchased this ring for myself . The item is quality silver and the citrine is nice and yellow . I have no complaints . The ring is exactly what the picture shows , no surprises .
 Ring looks exactly like picture . Stone has nice color and sparkle . It is a simple , clean look which is what I wanted for this gift .
 The Jewel Jet did a pretty good job cleaning my wife ` sjewelry . But , for the diamonds ring , putting it in a shot glass of gin did a better job .
 These earrings are well crafted , artistic , and modern . I wanted them for months before I actually purchased them , and I am very happy I did . I love them . Earwire is sturdy and strong , very well made !
 I absolutely love these earrings - they are a great alternative to the typical hoop earring . I received them about a month ago and I 've been wearing them every day . I saw the review about the earwires but they are actually very solid - perhaps they improved them .
 this necklace was as beautiful in person as it is on the web site .
 nice earrings thought they would be a little larger then they were but great buy and I wear them as everyday earrings and have n't had a problem with them
 The online photo did n't do these lovely earrings justice ! Really pretty , nicely heavy silver . Packaged prettily , too . Very happy I got these for my niece for the holidays .
 These are really great earrings - inexpensive and interesting without being too expensive . I would n't mind having a second pair .
 I bought these for my wife and she loved them . They are very well made .
 These are a little smaller than I thought they 'd be , but they 're pretty and go with lots of clothing styles .
 I have received many of compliments for these pair of earrings . I have really enjoyed wearing them out in public . They never tarnish . You can wear them with just about anything or just by themselves . I am hoping a necklace will appear to me while I shop Amazon.com to match the earrings with . Very good choice and will recommend them to my friends .
 I would have to say that the earrings are not totally what I expected . I was looking to receive a larger pair . For the price , they are nice for teenagers . The quality was decent .
 I was looking all over the internet -LRB- and in stores -RRB- for a nice quality murano glass heart bead that did n't break the bank . These beads fit the bill nicely , and I was very impressed when I received them . They are very pretty and the photos provided really do n't do them justice . The silver foil really works nicely with the light blue color . Also , these are n't cheap like some beads I found in stores . They are nice and heavy and a good size for making jewelry with . I already made a necklace with one of them , and the recipient totally loved it .
 I love this necklace . The drop pendant is smaller than I imagined but it is still beautiful and classic in styling . The chain is very dainty and is adjustable in length . This is well worth the $ 19 I paid -LRB- especially with free shipping ! -RRB-
 I just got this necklace yesterday and I am ordering another one today ! It is so dainty and elegant and I have got three compliments already today ! Well worth $ 20.00 ! So pretty !
 This piece is simple , clean , and well worth the money . Amazon packages this pendant like good jewelry . It makes fine gift .
 I bought this as a gift and now I want one - very elegant - not cheap looking at all - looks great on my cousin ...
 I bought my friend this pendant as a birthday present . She loves it ! I think it looks really elegant with its simple design . Suitable for all occasions .
 I bought three of these pendants to give as gifts . They were so inexpensive I worried they may look cheap . But I was happy when they arrived . They are packaged in a velvet drawstring bag and then in a nice box . They look very shiny and pretty .
 Well , I had this on one of my wish lists & recently received it as a `` put a smile on my face '' gift . I 'd have to say I feared it would look or be cheap , but it 's a very nice , simple little necklace . I have sensitive skin & so far in the couple of days I 've worn it , no problems . I do wish the chain was a little longer , otherwise , a fashionably versital piece of jewelry I can wear with just about anything . Got the earrings to match , not as happy with them : -LRB-
 Looks better than what i saw in the pic . Considering the price I pay , I am very satisfied with it .
 It goes well with most of my clothes.Perfect jewelry for week days : -RRB-
 I needed some small extra gifts for my wife , so this pendant -LRB- with matching earrings '' fit the bill . She really likes the style . The pendant appears to be well made and is a good deal .
 Because I got such a great deal I was not expecting the necklace to be as nice as it turned out to be . Although on the small side -LRB- chain and piece -RRB- they are quite striking . I get a compliment almost everytime that I wear it .
 My wife loved this little neclace . Just enough to make her smile . That 's all that counts in my book . Came in a nice box and it sure made it seem like it was more expensive than the few $ $ I spent on it .
 Girlfriend loves it . She gets frequent compliments on it . Bought the matching earrings and she loves them , too .
 I am very pleased with this pendant . The only flaw would be that the individual rings are not attached together . The chain is looped around them all , which I thought was a little odd . But I do like it very much and it is a good value for a great price !!
 These earrings were the perfect size for me ... not too small and not too big . I can wear them with jeans or dress up . Love them !
 Love these earrings , wear them to work and out . The picture does n't do them justice !
 These earrings , while a bit smaller than I expected , are delicate and pretty . Perfect with a pretty skirt .
 These earrings are beautiful . I 've never seen any like these before . Very good quality .
 I am very pleased with these earrings . They are a great quality at this price . I would also recommend the matching pendant . Great set !!
 The earrings were such a hit that another daughter wants to buy a pair !
 let me just say my girlfriend loved them and then loved me
 I got this for Christmas for my girlfriend . She has one of those yellow Volkswagen beetles but she actually decorated it with daisy stickers and daisy rims , so when I was looking for a rosary to match inside her car , this was perfect ! It looks so much nicer in person and very elegant . Received it in about 3 days with no problems .
 i really like this pendant . looks very retro and attractive . i got lot 's of compliments wearing it . comes with double silver chain that is really nice also . the only cons is that is shallow at the back . you see only nice round finish at the front , but since the pendant is big there is no chance that will flip over to the back side when worn .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend & liked it so much I ordered another for myself . It is larger than I thought & of a nice quality . Great gift .
 The necklace was on a special promotion so I got two of this particular necklace for $ 15 ! In case the close-up image of the clasp does n't clearly show , the chain portion is doubled up and as far as I can tell , can not be made into a single length making the true length much shorter than a standard 16 '' . I was actually thrilled to discover that because I prefer a shorter chain.The pendant itself seems to be of not the greatest quality but I honestly bought one as an inexpensive gift to someone and one for myself especially for the chain , not the pendant , so the pendant being very plain does n't bother me .
 THIS RING IS FABULOUS ... I NEED ONE IN A SIZE 8 ... BOY DO I EVER HOPE ONE TURNS UP ... THANKS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT ...
 These earrings I bought for a friend who loves pink . She will be excited with the elegant styling of this gift .
 The product was sent in a timely manner and arrived in perfect condition . This piece is exactly as presented in the picture . Also very affordable in comparison to prices in stores .
 Love this ring ; I bought it for my granddaughter and she wears it all the time . Super bargain - will shop here often ,
 This little ring looks wonderful . I thought it might look cheap because of the price , but not at all ! It was a great gift for my little sister !
 I love these earrings , they are my favorite . I would love to get another pair to give to my daughter !
 I actually got this for the sole purpose of matching my Halloween costume -LRB- it 's a Gothic theme -RRB- , but when I opened the pouch & was shocked !! It 's a good weight -LRB- not too heavy , but noticeable -RRB- . I thought the necklace would be big & overpowering , but the stones are a nice size , about the size of my pinky nail , if not a tad smaller -RRB- & the links holding them together is strong , so it doesnt look like it 'll snap.I was a a bit concerned about the clasp . It 's an `` S '' shape that you slide the ring into so the necklace is secure , but I learned to use it quickly . The rings are big so if I wanted to have a jeweler put in a regular lobster clasp I can . I may wear this more often.I 'm VERY glad I brought this . Not only is it real silver & Onyx , but I paid LESS than I would have buying a costume necklace -LRB- about $ 25 for ONE ! -RRB- . -- > MiNA < 3
 Got exactly what I expected ! Perfect to wear in uniform . Item is sturdier than the previous pair I used to wear -LRB- which dented somehow while in my ear ? -RRB- These look great .
 I got this as an anniversary gift for my girlfriend . She 's just five feet tall and has very small wrists . It has always been difficult to find a bracelet that would fit her without sliding up and down her arm . This , however , fit her perfectly . And she loved it . She likes silver and prefers simplistic designs , so this was perfect for her .
 I got this lamb to wear instead of the traditional cross that most christians wear . I would rather think of Jesus as the Lamb , Son of God than to wear a symbol of torture . Anyway , the lamb is perfect and arrived very quickly . I 'm really glad I finally found it , I had begun to think that I would never find the little `` lost '' lamb . I would recommend this company to any and all searching for sterling silver -LRB- that 's all I 've purchased from them so far -RRB- .
 I love my lamb charm and was quite surprised at the level of detail the little piece had . Also happy that it has some `` weight '' to it and did n't feel like cheap metal but something sturdy that will last . I 've used it to make into a cell phone charm and it has stood the test of time for almost a year now with very little signs of wear .
 This charm is charming . Delicate , beautiful and a treat to look at and to wear . Highly recommended
 This is the cutest lamb that I saw on any website . It 's perfect for my Twilight bracelet . Thanks !
 I purchased this Lamb charm for my daughter 's Twilight bracelet and it is absolutely lovely . Rembrandt does it again ! Precious Accents , as always , was a pleasure to deal with , and you ca n't beat their free shipping .
 This little lamb is just perfect for the Twilight Saga bracelet.It does symbolize Bella 's character very well . Cute as a button .
 great quality , fair price for a dainty ring.the green is slightly less vibrant `` in real life . `` the picture makes it look a lot brighter.still very pretty though !
 I give these necklaces to my family & close girlfriends when they have their first children . Over the years , I have bought the Loving Family -LRB- Father , Mother & 2 children -RRB- for a few of them . I can not tell you how much everyone has loved this gift ... it 's a very setimental gift that comes straight from the heart ! You really ca n't go wrong with this !!!
 I wear this cartouche often . It is pretty and has a nice feel to it . This cartouche is a good quality , thick piece . I have 2 other cartouches -LRB- one silver , one gold -RRB- , purchased in Cairo , that are much thinner . This one is especially pretty with the gold on the silver and I like the idea of wearing the word `` peace '' .
 love the item . the hyroglyphs are very detailed . very pleased . exactly what i was looking for .
 It 's beautiful . We were looking for a ring that does n't sit high off the finger and it 's perfect . She absolutely loved this ring . It 's exactly as pictured . We 've had problems with rings with rough edges and irritation from other dealers but this one is smooth and perfect for everyday wearing . She even sleeps and showers with it on with no problem .
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 The person I gave it to loved it , and it appeared to be very nicely made when I looked at it . A nice gift for a person who likes charms and cooking .
 BEAUTIFUL SPEECHLESS I LOVE IT SO WOULD ANY ONE WHO RECIEVES ITWOULD RECOMEND IT GREAT GIFT FOR A LOVED ONE
 The 1st time I ordered this ring , I had it for less than 30 days and the stone fell out of it . However , I contacted the vendor and they sent me a brand new one that is still in great shape with no questions asked . I was really impressed with silver insanity !
 This was a gift to a friend , and she absolutely loved it ! It is n't obscenely large even on her little fingers . It 's classy and functional . A great price for a great product . I may end up getting one for myself .
 This ring is quite pretty and different . The Garnet is lovely . I have ` nt been able to wear it only because I put on a little weight , but once it 's gone I think I could wear it as an everday ring . There 's a lot of fashion tricks here !
 A nice ring , a little nicer than the ones in the small shops in my area.And a good price .
 This is so pretty and so well made and it is such a different design .
 This is a nice ring . Very comfortable to wear . good every day ring
 The ring shipped quickly and arrived timely . Slightly disappointed that not all 12 numerals were on the ring , but realize space is limited.Am wearing it everyday
 Needed a new birthstone ring . . Great choice . Looks beautiful . The color of the stone is perfect . Has a unique design . I love it !
 I bought this ring almost a year ago , and I wear it everyday . It 's not too big and it does n't sit too high off the finger . The silver around the band is n't as shiny or smooth as it was when I bought it , but I do wear it everyday , so that probably has to do something with it . I 've gotten many compliments from this ring and people are very surprised to hear that I found it on amazon . It arrived quickly , and I had no problem with the seller .
 This is a very nice childrens bracelet for the money . It is very small , only for children under age of 3 unless they have very small wrists as an older child . Shipping was quick , packaged well through shipment .
 I received the product when they stated I would receive it . There was n't a question as to when or how much . It was very simple . Excellent service and product ! A +
 I HAD TO CHANGE MY REVIEW FOR THIS RING . ITS NOT STERLING SILVER , IT FADED AFTER A FEW WEEKS , AND CAN NOT BE SHINED . DONT BUY THIS RING . I COULDNT CHANGE MY STAR RATING , OR I WOULD HAVE RATED IT 1 STAR , ONLY BECAUSE THIS RING DIDNT SHATTER INTO LITTLE PEICES .
 Peora makes well-made jewlery . I just recieved these today and they are just as described and perfect for fall , thank you !
 This necklace is really pretty . The stones are a light green , and are closely , but not perfectly , matched in color all around the necklace . They really sparkle in the light . The pendant is about 1 '' long and about 5/8 '' wide at the bottom . Each stone is about 3mm diameter . The chain is very fine . I just ordered two more for the August birthdays in our family !
 I was very happy with this ring ! So was my sister , who recieved it ! I thought it was prettier , once I saw the real product . She has n't taken it off since she recieved it ! It looks like it was a hit !
 The ring is very beautiful and even if it is not too cheap the quality and durability if the ring is absolutely worth it . definitely a good buy .
 These cufflinks are sophisticated and sleek , yet offer the good luck symbol of the elephant . They are beautiful and are keepsakes to last a lifetime .
 I bought this ring to match the London Blue Topaz necklace that my mother gave me . The only problem is that I was n't paying 100 % attention to the title of this and ended up having two different shades . It is a wonderful ring to have , just make sure if you are going to buy the matching necklace to get the Swiss Blue Topaz instead of the London Blue Topaz . Another thing is I have extremely sensitive skin when it comes to copper my skin will change colors literally in minutes , however I did n't have a reaction to this . Sterling silver = 92.5 % pure silver & 7.5 % other metals , usually copper , just in case youre wondering .
 I loved it , could n't have been better . Arrived early in great condition , how could you ask for more ?
 The top review did sway me to buy this product . It came very timely . They are pretty nice but do n't think they are 5 stars either . They do n't look like a normal gold and gave as a valentine 's gift . Will see if he wears them . Thanks Cherie Martinez
 The cufflinks were better than I expected . They are exceptionally nice for the price . The detail on the planes is perfect .
 These earrings are solid make , not flimsy . Long post and secure backings . Color of opal is outstanding . I have a pair just like these only in sterling silver settings . I gave these rose gold ones to my sister for her birthday to match a blue opal bracelet that she has . I knew they would be quality , since I was happy with mine . Thanks so much .
 I have been using these in my third hole , and while they are on the small side , that 's an advantage when you have 2 earrings together on one lobe . I have had several compliments for these , more than for the fancier gold pair I 'm wearing with them . The blue color is lovely . All in all , I 'm very happy with these opal studs , and would recommend them to a friend .
 These earrings are a plus for any woman & young lady . The rose gold complements the opal so nicely , the post 's are long and the backs are very small but durable . My pair came in promptly with case and receipt document for authenticity . Now on my pair the blue opal is very vibrant almost like a cobalt blue the one 's shown here are more like a baby blue , but my pair stands out elegantly and dramatically with my dark curly hair I love them ! I highly recommend these they are good quality and the price no one can beat . its a win win I find .
 These are so simple and pretty . They make great `` every day '' earrings . I love the color of the blue stone as well . I bought them as a gift for someone , and wished I had bought them for myself !
 I 'm very pleased with my purchases ! All of my items -LRB- different colors -RRB- arrived promptly , and as described . They look like the real thing !
 These earrings are beautiful ! Kind of smaller than I expected , but they are very well made and very pretty ! My wife loves them !
 We bought these firey opal earrings with an antique -LRB- rose gold -RRB- finish for daughter 's birthday . She was delighted !
 Rose Gold Vermeil -LRB- 24k Gold over Sterling Silver -RRB- Fiery Created Blue Opal Stone oval EarringsI gave my nieces these earrings for Christmas and they were thrilled with their beauty and their mother was delighted with their simplicity . The girls said they were their first `` good '' jewelry and they looked smashing on them . Beautifully made with the subtle and mysterious shades of the opal , they 've become a cherished part of these early teens ' collections .
 The ring looks very beautiful , is a quality item and it comes in a very nice gift box . I really love it . The stone is great .
 had this ring for a few monthsit turns my finger green-blackpoor quality silver NOT sterling
 It was nice to find a ring that fit and looked authentic without being gaudy . I really enjoy it , plus it does n't snag on anything , another plus compared to my wedding ring .
 This anklet is as delicate and feminine as it appears in the ad . I presented it as a gift to commemorate a milestone event and the recipient has not stopped admiring it 's beauty for two days now . It came in elegant packaging to signify it 's worth and I could n't be more pleased with the purchase .
 This anklet has beauty and fabulous style . Far more elegant then any other design and reasonably priced to boot !
 I bought this for a friend of mine who 's name begins with ` I ' . We can never find anything that has that letter . She was thrilled with it and was also thrilled to be able to wear it on a necklace she already has . It 's very pretty .
 The help I received was promt and friendly . The opals were as described 6mm X 4mm . I would have prefered to have paid more and received larger stones , but the `` fire '' and clarity were satisfactory . I would not hesitate to order from this vendor again .
 I love this ring ! It is so beautiful . The gem catches the light and has a fantastic sparkle . The band is nicely polished and shines just as much as the gem!The gift box is very cute .
 I was very pleased upon receiving the jade leaf earrings , especially upon seeing my wife 's face . They are dainty and go with the jade Monarch Chrysilis necklace she got from me for Christmas . The shipping was timely and communication great . I would not hesitate to purchase again .
 These earrings are made of high-polish silver . They are a nice size and not heavy . They are not oxidized so they can be worn with southwest jewelry or more contemporary silver and turquoise pieces . They are somewhat elegant and can be worn with dressier clothing . They are not , however , as blue as shown in the image . They are not as intensely blue as my other Sleeping Beauty turquoise pieces
 This piece is perfect for just a touch of whimsy and not a lot of flash . It looks wonderful with the gold and pewter coloring and different color gems . I wear it on a longer chain -LRB- not the one that came with it -RRB- and it has a nice weight to it . I would definently recommend this to a person who likes the unusual .
 This ring looks exactly like it does in the picture . It is nice and sllek and I am very happy with it . The ring may appear to be heavy but surprisingly it is n't that bad .
 the picture only gets close to how beautiful this charm is . It seems really solid and my GF loved it!only thing i noticed is that the charm is so very bright , which inst a bad thing , it may be because its new , but this charm made all her others seem dull .
 I purchased this apple charm for my daughter 's Twilight charm bracelet and could n't be more pleased . Lovely charm , and Precious Accents was a pleasure to deal with . And you ca n't beat the free shipping !
 This item is exactly as described . This necklace is pretty , sparkling , delicate ... I wear it when I go to the theatre , for weddings , during parties
 This necklace was purchased for my wedding day and it is perfect ! Absolutely beautiful and a great price !!! Thank you !
 I receive this bracelet in a timely fashion , and was very pleased with the look . It is exactly what I wanted for an affordable price ! Great Buy !
 These Garnet Earrings are beautiful ! They are well worth the price . No problems at all . Purchased as a gift for my aunt , and she loved them too . Highly recommended to anyone thinking of purchasing .
 Although very pretty , the garnet stones are more orange thanred . I am keeping them , but would have preferred a more redstone color . I would have rated these 5 stars but for thecolor .
 I bought these several years ago from Amazon and have worn them lots of times . They are noticeable without being overly large . I lost one yesterday , getting ready to order another pair !
 These are beautiful garnet earrings ... birth stone for January . I love the way they fasten and do n't pinch your ears or have to worry about losing them . Not real large but show up very well .
 Very elegant ! Great value and quality . The stones are a beautiful vibrant green color . Very pleased .
 I live these hoops , look great and have a locking clasp so I never have to worry about losing one .
 I bought these earrings for my daughter and she just loves them . They are petite and the proportions are just right . I think the price was very good for the quality .
 I was surprised at how well made the earrings are and look very pretty when worn . I am vfery pleased with this product
 I adore these earrings ! The peridot stones are a beautiful shade of green , and very sparkly for the size . These are very well crafted and oh so comfortable to wear . The sale price I got them for was a steal , and since they are so versatile I know that these are going to be wonderful go-to earrings for a very , very , very long time .
 I adore these earrings . I have n't taken them off since my husband gave them to me three days ago . They are light , comfortable , fasten securely , and are just the right size for everyday wear.As a previous review mentioned , the stones are pale , but they are peridots , not emeralds , so the should be a light color ; still , they are definately green.They are just beautiful earrings and for the price I ended up paying when they were on sale -LRB- about $ 6 -RRB- they were an incredible deal .
 I bought these to wear to work . The peridot stones are small , but not too small to see , just small enough that it does n't look like you 're wearing bright green earrings , making them versatile enough to wear with just about everything . I wear them 4-5 days a week and get compliments on them ; they 're a nice deviation from standard post diamonds or pearls , but small enough to look professional .
 These earrings are a great addition to peridot jewelry . I found similar earrings in white gold for over $ 300 , and I am very happy with these look-alikes . They hang nicely and match my white gold pieces well .
 I bought these as a mothers day gift , and she LOVED them . they are nice and small . The green is in the pic is accurate to the actual stone . these earrings are subtle and oh so cute and sparkly !! just wish they came in RED !
 I was n't sure `` how these would work '' before purchasing but the mechanism for `` opening , inserting into the ear and closing '' is smooth with no `` jerks , stops or starts . '' The earrings just slip in in a few seconds . They are beautiful , the right size for me -LRB- I have small ear lobes -RRB- and I am really enjoying having them in my jewel box . I wear them often , I would say at least 3-4 times a week .
 I 'm very happy with the quality and look of these earrings . I really like the way the backs are hinged so the post does not poke into your head behind your ears when you 're sleeping . The garnets are lighter in color than pictured , almost pinkish , but still very beautiful .
 These were exactly what I expected for the $ 20 I paid . The garnets are n't the darkest I 've ever seen , but they are pretty and the earrings sparkle .
 I absolutely love these earrings , I bought these for my 3 year old daughter last christmas , and they look beautful , they never have tarnished or fallen out ... She is always complimented on them , needless to say she is very much into jewelery ... I great buy . She is still wearing them and never takes them out .
 I got these for 30 percent off on one of those one-day Amazon special sale events . I love garnets ; I just wanted to see what a pair of garnet-embellished hoops would be like at such a discounted price.I was surprised . The hoops were a lot bigger than I thought they 'd be -LRB- just shy of 3/4 of an inch . -RRB- The garnets themselves are n't the deep , rich red with a touch of brown I associate with garnets . The color is a slightly watered-down version.But because there are so many garnets , each faceted , on the hoops , they are suprisingly sparkly . I have long , dark hair , and it 's kind of hard to see any kind of earring through my hair , but not these earrings . It surprised me a few times to pass a mirror and see the glint of garnets under my heavy hair ! A very pleasant surprise!The back of the hoop snaps pretty firmly into the slot -LRB- do take the time to make sure the post is firmly seated when you put the earring on . I did n't do that once and brushed my hair , and the earring went flying with very little provocation ! It 'd be a shame to lose such a pretty earring by not taking the extra second or two to make sure the earrings are on firmly . -RRB- They 're very pretty earrings , a nice gift for the garnet lover , and an especially nice present for someone who likes earrings that SHOW but are n't overly big or flashy.Try to latch onto them when they go on sale again . For the approx . $ 20 I paid , yes , they were very worth the money .
 The reviewer who found these small must be a GIANT . These are very nice for the price , very attractive . The stones are a bit lighter than shown , bu they are clearly green . They are elegant small hoops . Latches are snug and wires are sturdy but not too thick .
 I love these earrings . There were a great price and I get so many compliments on them ! People always think I paid a lot for them . I actually have n't taken them off since I bought them because they go with everything and are so comfortable ... even to sleep in . I totally recommend these beautiful hoops .
 I read the reviews on these before I bought them , and was expecting tiny based on how a few reviewers said they were smaller than expected . These are not tiny . These are a great size for a hoop earring , -LRB- and for me , a perfect size ! -RRB- . My stones have all stayed in the setting , and their color is the deep red with slight orange flares that I associate with a decent garnet . Maybe mine were just a good pair , but I have no complaints about these . They are well worth the price in looks , craftsmanship and wearability .
 these are noticeable green , they are smaller than I imagined , but they are not to small , they do not feel heavy on my ears and trading them for a stud feels no different in weight . the clasp seems strong so they wont fall out .
 These Silver PeridotHoop Earings pleased my wife a lot they have a good substantial `` feel '' to them , she loves the classic secure clasp lock and they complemented the Periodot Celtic Silver Necklace purchased thru Amazon from Silver Insanity last year.Happy Amazon Shopper
 They are very comfortable to wear and I like the closing that way I do n't lose them unlike others where the backing sometimes falls off .
 I actually returned this ring as it was a little large -LSB- must be the difference between UK and US sizing -RSB- . . contacted seller and when she received the return , she posted out a smaller size . love the ring and so does my man . . using it as an engagement ring . . thought it was very appropriate with the heart design ;--RRB- x
 Received the ring promptly but it was the wrong size . Have emailed the company 4 times now to please send instructions to return and send me the correct size . No return emails , becoming very frustrated . It is a nice spin ring , exactly as pictured and I expected , but I NEED MY CORRECT SIZE ... please : -RRB- Okay they did get back to me but not before I sent the ring back requesting a larger size . After reading the other reviews I ordered a size larger than usual and was happy I did . They sent the larger ring out very promptly and I am a happy customer now . I added another star to my review as well : -RRB-
 I love this ring . It fits just right and I love the design on it .
 This ring is really great for that special someone ! My girlfriend spins it all the time ! She absolutely loves the ring ! I would recommend this ring for any special holiday or for new couples .
 Bought this ring as a thumb ring everyone notices it and comments about how pretty and cool it looks then when I spin it they want to know where I got it I would recommend this ring to any one also very comfy .
 I loved this ring . Good quality for the price . I found the sizing was small , I would recommend purchase one size up .
 I havent written a review on this ring , deciding that I was too busy . But , after reading some of the reviews , I HAVE to put my two cents worth in!First , I think this is a great ring for the price ! I actually thought it was more beautiful in person than it was in the photo . GREAT BARGAIN I have seen similar rings , sterling silver , in other online stores for quite a bit more money . My husband and I exchanged these rings , because we LOVE the intertwined hearts ! We believe it represents our commintment to each other . Whenever my husband or I go somewhere new , we never fail to get compliments.Second , this seller , Silver Insanity , is one of the best sellers I have ever dealt with online ! I needed to make an exchange , it occurred promptly . I even made a return , and received a gift certificate for equal merchandise , again promptly . The sales staff have always been friendly and helpful ! I can not say enough good things about this seller.Unfortunately , those of us who are happy and have a good shopping experience FAIL to leave feedback , because we decide our lives are too busy or important to take the time . So , it is usually only those that have a problem that speak up . I like to think that everyone has a bad day now and again , and one difficult experience should not leave a person forever with a bad taste in their mouth . I almost always give a seller a second chance ... then if things are still not right , only then will I decide not to do business with them again.Bottom line
 this is a cute little ring that is perfect for friendship , small anniversarys , little promises and the newly started young couple ! the ring is all sterling silver and it makes a great gift . though i was not completely taken aback so i dont reccommend it for really big occasions . but worth the price you pay for !
 This is a very pretty , very unique ring . I had never owned a spinner before and once I realized they existed , I had to have one . The inner ring spins freely without any trouble . It is a bit thicker than a normal ring -LRB- for those of you who 've never had a spinner -RRB- . Perfect as a thumb ring . If you should happen to drop it -LRB- as I did -RRB- and the ring no longer spins freely -LRB- gets stuck on a certain spot -RRB- ... keep manually spinning it , it does become loose again . All in all , a wonderful addition to my collection . OH ! Also ... it does NOT turn the finger GREEN ! Yay .
 I did n't realize what `` spinner ring '' meant . When I got it , I was like ` OH COOL ! ' The part with the hearts spins inside the outter edges . It 's really pretty , and a conversation piece . I really love it . I bought it to fit my first finger , so I spin it with my thumb . : -RRB-
 This is the second time I have purchased from this company and I 'm very pleased with the results - have recommended to my friends and will definitely be back for more
 another ring i wear all the time with no dents or bends ! i wear it as a pinky ring and it looks great
 Love this ring - it was better quality than I expected for such a low price . Initially we had thought they had forgotten to pack the ring in the shipment . The customer service folks were very prompt in solving the problem and I received the ring two days later . -LRB- We did find the first ring and sent it back -RRB-
 Beautiful patterns and well made . It is nicely finished and I feel a good value for the price . Shipped very quickly . I ca n't wait to wear it work Monday !
 I really love this ring , I wear it all the time . I 've gotten lots of compliments on it .
 My soon to be wife and I have selected non-exact matching rings to be used as our wedding bands . I selected a Celtic braided ring and she selected several rings then told me to choose , lol . And I picked the right one she says , lol . This ring and the one I selected complement each other very nicely . Neither of us has ever had much less heard of a spinner ring before so we were a bit apprehensive but I pulled the trigger on it any way and boy am I glad I did ! The picture does not do this ring justice ! It is absolutely BEAUTIFUL and substantial for the price . We ordered her exact ring size and the ring is very comfortable on her and is not bulky at all . Only time will tell if the spinner was a good choice or not but in any case we are very happy with the purchase .
 This ring is very beautiful and looks like the real thing . It 's a quality product . It was also shipped quickly .
 Very , very pretty box . Gave my girlfriend a necklace in it , and she loved it - she even commented on the box itself . Exceeds expectations .
 This box is perfect ! It looks expensive , like it came with the pretty necklace I got to put in it . Perfect !
 This was exactly what I needed for a recent purchased of a beautiful necklace . The brass trim and black velvet accent any piece of jewelry . It is a beautiful and elegant jewelry gift box that will make the receiver very happy !
 I needed a box for a necklace destined to be a gift and had rather low expectations for this unit . Boy was I wrong . This is a very well made little box of decent heft . The hinge is straight , the black velvet exterior and gold-toned metal strip are well fit and finished . Open it up and you will find an up-angled black velvet trapezoidal display `` shelf '' that holds the pendant or necklace up for display . The lining on the lid 's interior resembles a white satin-type fabric with a perfectly centered x-shaped pucker that really looks nice . Assuming they are all built like this you ca n't go wrong . If I ever need a similar box I 'm buying another with no hesitation .
 Purchased this to hold a necklace I purchased from a discount site . I did n't want to pay full price just to have a pretty box for the same item . Purchasing this separately allowed me to purchase more gifts for my family , while still presenting the items in professional packaging .
 I ordered this box for a pendant necklace I purchased from a relative who has collected jewelry for over fifty years . The necklace looks great in it , and the box is handsome and well made . I have ordered another one of these boxes that is fitted for a ring I purchased . I am very very pleased .
 This little box came quickly and the material was rather comfortable to the touch . Nothing fancy or too special but rather classy . I used to hold a necklack and the gift receiver seemed to love it . Cheers !
 I got these to put some Christmas presents in . They are beautiful . Just like the picture and it does n't disappoint you a bit . I just wish I knew something else I got required a box , I would of gotten more . Very classy item .
 Lovely velvet box . Just right to put a pretty pendant in for a Christmas gift . Arrived in a timely manner .
 Good quality , nice materials , no logos & decent price . I had to cut in another pair of notches at the top to keep my pendant from moving around in the box too much . I also had to tape the chain down behind to keep it from sliding around to the front . A little pouch behind the display area would have prevent the need to get creative . But even with my crafty work , it still looks great . Made the gift really stand out !
 excellent product , great quality , if your deciding between ordering this or getting one from a jewlery store get this , they tend to charge like $ 20 for some fo leather crap , but this really made the pendant i got for my girlfriend pop , it feels nice too , with good quality brass trim
 I bought this gift box to replace the one I had originally received with a necklace I bought at the jewelers . The one I had looked `` cheap '' even though the jewelry I had bought was rather expensive . I decided to look online for a nice looking gift box and found this . I was surprised when first opening it at the very nice appearance of the product . The pictures do n't do it justice . It also seems to be of good quality . I put a gold necklace that I bought my girlfriend inside of it and gave it to her for Christmas . She loved the necklace and the box complimented it well . The brass around the gift box went every well with the gold necklace . Definitely an improvement over the standard box I got at the jewelers .
 I was looking for a gift box so that I could put a necklace I bought for my girlfriend in it and this was perfect . Really good quality and does n't have any logos .
 This works in a pinch when jewelers or online sales do not include them . Not sure why jewelers would not include such a box for an additional couple of bucks .
 Bought these to replace the cheap looking boxes that come with most of the jewelry I 've been buying . These boxes are nicely made and have a elegant appearance . They worked great and I was able to find matching boxes for rings , earrings and necklaces
 excellent small gift box - well made and makes the enclosed pendant look first class - look no further for a small gift box
 Bought it for a pendant necklace to give as as a gift . Made it look very nice . High quality construction .
 Some necklaces come with no gift box or one that is not that impressive . So , if you want to impress someone , this box looks very nice and presents any necklace pendant perfectly , so the receiver will surely be pleased .
 I bought my sister a pretty necklace via Groupon , but it arrived in a plastic bag . Fair enough , considering the deal I got on it , but certainly not suitable to gift in . I was happy to find that you can get jewelry boxes like this via Amazon , and it made for a much more dramatic and elegant gift , as if I 'd bought it in a jewelry store . If I buy a necklace for anyone again , you can bet I 'll be picking up another box like this for the gifting .
 These were purchased along with the matching pendant as a graduation present for a special young lady . Well made , excellent quality and beautiful stones ! She was very pleased with her gift and we were proud to give it .
 My daughter loved these earings . They are small , but nice enough to be be noticed .
 These earrings are absolutely beautiful . Peora packaged them well , and presented them in a nice gift box . I will definitely make a point of buying from them again . ITs one of the few times I 've actually received more than I expected .
 I absolutely love this anklet !! It has 2 safety clasps . I would highly recommend it .
 This was my wife 's email when she received her gift from me
 I bought this as a christmas gift for one of my best friends , it 's even prettier in person . And she loved it , so if you are thinking about buying this ring ... it 's totally worth it .
 This piece was purchased with a lot of meaning for my sister and me . I bought us each one . Words can not describe how beautiful this piece is , the picture gives it no justice at all . Blew me away how fast I received it , and how beautiful it really is ! OMG , I am in awe . Thank you on so many levels ...
 I had another much more expensive buckle ring that I lost and when I attempted to reorder it , it had been discontinued . After searching for a couple of days , I saw this one and ordered it . I am very happy with it . It is light , but not tinny and has just enough sparkle . It also costs a lot less , so if I lose this one too , It would n't be the end of the world .
 These are beautiful and a GREAT bargain . A little smaller than I thought they would be judging from the picture , but they are just perfect . I bought the matching necklace too .
 I purchased these earings as well as the matching pendent for my daughter . They are beautiful & she really liked them . Definitely worth the money . Shipping was flawless and as promised .
 Oh my gosh , these are gorgeous ! I could n't believe they were so inexpensive . They are quality earings , trust me ! The garnets are a deep rich red and the sterling is perfect . Every time I wear them , I get a compliment ... Thank you !
 Purchased as a Christmas gift to replace a set of which one was lost . I was drawn to this style because the french wire locks , eliminating the risk of losing one of these .
 These earrings are lovely to look at and easy on the ear . The only problem is that the leverback does not always meet the hook that goes though the ear evenly .
 I had ordered this bracelet as a gift for a coworker in the school I work in . Apparently this bracelet had come in time for the holidays but , my daughter mixed it in with family gifts waiting to be wrapped . I thought this bracelet was lost in the mail ... so , I had to go out and purchase another gift for my friend . This all worked out to be good for me though , because , when I located it in the relatives section of my shopping gifts low and behold -- There it was ! I was so excited because this bracelet turned out to be a gift to me from me ! I love it along with its earthy color tones . It is very nicely made , and I am thinking about ordering another one soon for another friend as a birthday present .
 Very beautiful-better than the picture-would use this seller again-quick transaction and quick shipping-got the item on time to give as a gift . -- Thank you !
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 I bought it and is really beautiful.It is really elegant and beautiful , it blinks and the metal is elegant too and nice.I suggest you to buy it.It seems I bought the last one
 Whe I reveicev this ring , I was amazed at the quality of the ring . I was so impressed that I purchased the Amethyst too .
 I got the ring yesterday and it 's lovely ! The colour is fantastic ... not exactly like the picture , but not far off ! I love it ! Fits perfect ! My boyfriend is n't real great at buying jewelry -LRB- that I like -RRB- and this weekend is our 8 year anniversay together , so I wrapped it up for him to give me !! hahah He laughed , but knew I was happy with this simple , inexpensive , ring - that looks AWESOME !
 Pretty ring ! But it 's lighter than it looks in the picture ... psh . But it 's good quality for the price !
 will recommend this to whonever wants to buy their honey a special ring and score brownie points at the same time.CUDOS
 This just arrived and I really like it . The color is a bit more pale than shown in the image so I can only give this 4 stars , but the sterling shank is very substantial and the mounting is well done . I snagged this little beauty for 10 bucks , and will be watching for the amethyst version to take a quick price drop as well so I can have both . Wish I had purchased several of this one , but the negative comments of other reviewers persuaded me to just get one . Price is back up to 20 today , so I will keep an eye out for another sale .
 I bought this not really expecting too much , just that it was pretty . Since I have worn it , I get a lot of compliments on the color how beautiful it is . The ring sits very nicely upon your finger . If gives my hand a very smooth look . I beleive I got a good deal for the price .
 I was thrilled to find such a lovely ring in my size , which is a 9 . It fits perfectly and I love it !
 Just received these pretty earrings . They seem to be very nice . Since I am giving them as a gift , I can not speak to the quality but there 's no reason to believe they are anything less than perfect . Thanks !
 14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial `` S '' Charm -LRB- 1/10 cttw -RRB- , WHICH I COULD ONLY FIND IN `` AMAZON COLLECTION '' UNDER JEWELRY . I 'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PURCHASE , SO , MUCH SO THAT I PURCHASED THE LETTERS `` A '' AND `` P '' . WHICH ARE THE THREE INITIALS IN MY NAME DISPLAYED ON A CUSTOM MADE CHARM HOLDER .
 I am an adult , but I bought this for my best friend . It was a huge hit , she really loved it and we had fun breaking it in half . It made us feel like little kids again . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the bottom of the charm is really sharp once it 's broken . I would n't recommend it for very small children but for adults or older kids it 's definitely a great buy .
 I think that this is very cute and I love it . My only issue with it was after you break it in two , the edges are a little sharp . Not a big deal , but wish it was n't like that .
 I was confused when I opened it -- were n't there supposed to be two necklaces ? But then I realized that the metal was thin , and someone told me that my best friend and I were supposed to break it together . Sadly , I had already come up with the idea to break it myself , and my best friend is in Alabama , and I 'm not . I told her I was going to send her the other half , and I am , as soon as I get an envelope . It made her very happy to hear that it came in the mail from Amazon . However , it is much smaller than it looks . I thought it would be the size of a quarter , but it 's more like a penny . But otherwise , it 's pretty cool and easy to put it on a necklace , or , in my case , a bracelet .
 I bought this for my 3 year old and her best friend who was moving away and it is just perfect for their age . She wears it ofter and loos so delicate on the tiny chain . Highly recommended for litle ones .
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 Gave these Earring to my girlfriend for Christmas and she loved them!You ca n't go wrong with these earrings , the Blue Sapphires are exceptional !
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 This was in excellent condition when I received it , not a scratch from the shipping . The painting is gorgeous and it has the perfect amount of storage , especially for necklaces . I 'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for very good storage room for jewelry and accessories but also as artwork , it just looks beautiful !!
 I purchased this ring for my wife . The diamonds are of much better quality than I was expecting . There seem to be VERY LITTLE inclusions and the stones seem to be very near colorless . The way the stones are set make the ring look like more than 1 CTTW.I got a great deal for this ring on a Friday sale with free shipping and $ 25 off from Netaya .
 this is not a bad ring for the price at all . of course , for this kind of price , the diamonds are not the best quality , but inclusions are not obviously noticeable by naked eyes . the setting is also of good value . very good overall .
 I am so excited about this ear cuff . I actually ordered too . One for myself , and one for a possible gift . The gift packaging is great , and the cuff is adorable . I am a first timer with ear cuffs , and it is a little odd at first . However , it arrived promptly and in great packaging . LOVE IT !
 I absolutley love this ear cuff ! It fits nicely and the little box / bag it comes in is cute ! I would definatley recommend this !
 This little cuff sits nicely and comfortably on the ear . I am happy with it . This picture online is a good one .
 I have worn one of these for years and then one day neglected to remove it before the beautician washed my hair and it was gone down the drain !! I looked all over locally to no avail , then here it was on line !!!! I am thrilled to have it on my ear again . . and such fast service and beautiful packaging ... thanks !!!!!!!
 I purchased these earrings over a year ago , and have worn them 24-7 since then . None of the stones have ever fallen out , nor are any of them loose . As I said , I never take them out , so I sleep , swim , run , hike , etc with them in and have never had them fall out of my ears or has issues with the earrings themselves.The stones are n't the deep purple you see in the picture , but more of a dark lavender shade , but still very pretty . The silver is still bright & shiny , no tarnishing or black marks on my skin , and the closure is still secure . All in all , definitely a good purchase for the price .
 I like the earrings alot I have worn them a few times . However this morning while putting the earrings on I dropped one on the sink and two stones popped out .
 I bought these earrings at a Gold Box price , and they are very nice . I find them easy to put on and comfortable to wear , and the small size makes them very versatile , good for everyday wear . My only complaint is that the color of the stones is much lighter than in the picture . Still , very pretty earrings !
 They are small as another reviewer noted , but they are quite beautiful and well made . I got them to give as a present and have no qualms about how well they might be received . I 'm happy .
 I bought these earings for my wife for Mother 's Day . I am always a bit uncertain about buying jewelry but she is very happy with these . She says they are very easy to put on and comfortable to wear .
 Great product , great price . Excellent for gifts ! Ordered three pair and had to return one pair due to a missing stone in the same , exact place on each earring . This is a quality control item that should have been caught at point of manufacture , however , this is the modern way , lay it on the customer . I do n't really have an issue with this but suggest customers make it a point to check the product for loose/missing stones immediately upon receipt . Amazon makes it easy on-line to return this item even to printing a pre-paid return shipping label from the website . Item was reshipped prior to receipt by Amazon , a plus in customer service . .
 these earrings are beautiful . . a bit smaller than I expected but the color of the stones are beautiful . . a deep purple and I was aprhensive after reading the reviews of others so I checked the stones . . none are loose and every thing seems to be top quality . They arived 4 days sooner than I was told so that was a big plus for me as they are a birthday gift to myself.I will definately order this same earring with different stones in it .
 Very pretty but the settings are somewhat flimsy and are much thinner than they appear
 This earrings are very well made and are very pretty . I bought them as a gift and was very happy with my selection . They came with a nice velvet case and arrived in a timely manner .
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 This ring was absolutely perfect !!! And the gift box it came in was so pretty I put it in my curio . I would definitely buy from this store again . It 's become my new favorite !
 This ring is beautiful ! I have been searching for a pretty peridot ring for years now and finally found this one . I love it I wish I had one in every color now .
 Peridot Gemstone Band .925 Sterling Silver RingThis ring is beautiful work of art , I love the way it was made , many comments on the styleand color of the gemstone .
 This ring is quite lovely in person . The stone is a nice size , but it was a surprise to see that it is flat , it is not a raised stone . I like the ring anyway . I would recommend this seller as well . The box that the ring came in was really nice and it was packaged very well too .
 As a former jeweler 's assistant , I fell in love with pretty from day one . I love my ring . It is not perfect , but , as any jeweler will tell you , there 's no such thing as perfect when it comes to the real thing . -LRB- By the way , one can say that about people , too ! -RRB-
 I bought this necklace as a gift . Of course the picture shows an enlarged version , but the 0.5 carats of diamonds are plenty enough . She loved the necklace , though this item gets 4 stars out of 5 only because we noticed that the diamonds do n't have as much sparkle as some others in the sunlight . As of the time of this review , Amazon was not specifying the minimum quality -LRB- color , clarity -RRB- of the diamonds . It 's still a beautiful necklece -- especially for the price -- and the seller -LRB- Katarina Jewelry -RRB- provided us with excellent service . All in all , this pendant is a great deal !
 When I received the necklace , I was expecting it to be * slightly * bigger , but I have to admit , I do like the size , it seems just right . The chain came a bit tangled , but that is only because it is shipped in a soft pouch , and it did n't take long for me to undo . The colors are exactly what they appear to be in the picture , though with the right light the top ones can appear to be yellowish , which I personally do not have a problem with . I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone who loves dragonflies or is thinking about getting this as a gift for someone .
 I bought this dragonfly necklace for my mom 's 45th birthday after doing some research on what a dragonfly symbolizes . I found that it can symbolize courage , change , happiness among other things . Because dragonflies live a short life they also embrace the idea that `` life is short , so one must live life the fullest . '' My mom is often afraid of change , even if it is at the stake of her happiness , so I bought this for her ... perhaps as a daily reminder of courage and change . She absolutely LOVES the necklace and it looks so beautiful on her . It 's a great quality , good size , and attention grabbing . Plus her favorite color is green
 This necklace is the perfect sized pendent , great sparkle , and has a chain that does not overshadow the dragonfly . Love it !
 I received a gift certificate for my birthday and chose this unique necklace . It is beautiful and graceful . The only problem is that it tends to tilt forward . It is not attached properly to the chain and that is bothersome . People tend to reach over to correct it so they can actually see it .
 I purchased this as a gift for someone who likes dragonfly 's and I 'm very pleased with it . It 's pretty and sparkles nicely . Have n't given it yet but I 'm sure she 'll like it.The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the way it hangs . Like other reviews have indicated , it has a bulge on the back with an opening from which the chain hangs . Hopefully it hangs just fine when worn .
 I bought this ring for my fathers ' 80th birthday , and he loves it . It is a very nice ring , and it fit him perfectly .
 The ring is really small ; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it . I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut , that is why its worth it , but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is . However , the ring was perfect for my needs -LRB- and I looked around -RRB- and you can not find another bigger or better one in the same price range . So , I am quite satisfied with my purchase .
 i actually got the ring sooner then i expected . the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge !!! excellent . will buy from again
 What sparkle . It is so pretty and dainty . Just what I was looking for .
 I could n't believe it . The ring is fab . Of course its not that big , but hey , its only 140 dollars ! It is a beautiful ring though . Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend , but the shipping , was so fast . They said it would be shipped on the 21st , yet it came on the 20th ! now , thats what I call service . This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made .
 This ring is absolutely gorgeous , and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site
 I bought this Beautiful ring for my husband and he loves it , When he thought he had lost it he wanted to buy the exact ring to replace it . Luckily he found it . The stone is slightly darker than shown and it is very beautiful . It is sturdy and well detailed . Very unique , many of the gentlemen at his lodge have remarked on it . And he says with pride my wife got me this . Makes me grin every time .
 I 'm petite , so I found these earrings the perfect size for everyday wear . 5mm is approx 1/5 inch . The velvet box and outer cardboard box are really nice for gift giving .
 These are basic , simple earrings of exceptional quality given the price . You would likely pay far more for comparable items elsewhere .
 Although these are sized as for adults they are really better sized for young girls or teens . It 's hard to picture the size from the discription so that 's the best advice I can offer . For adults or larger people I would say go with a 7 or more .
 I was pleased with these simple earrings . The ball is n't too small -LRB- 1/2 cm -RRB- . They worked well as a gift .
 Amazon ran these earrings on the Friday sale last week , and I treated myself . They are a real bargain at $ 12 , including free shipping if you spend $ 25 in qualified products . More importantly , they are of good quality , and I like the size . If they go on sale again , they are perfect stocking stuffers for young granddaughters .
 And such a good size too ! I ordered and received the 7mm earrings a few weeks earlier and they were a bit too big for my needs but these little ones are just perfect .
 Simple and elegant earrings . My wife loves them . However , the backs are a trifle small to work with.BAH
 I chose this product for the size and price and I am happy with the earrings.The earrings are as described , they come in a little black pouch and would make a cute gift !
 Love the shine , and the price . The 5mm ball is not too small or too large . I prefer the simple style and the color is really a golden rose color .
 I like these . I wanted something that was n't too flashy to wear on a regular basis , and I 'm allergic to most of the earrings I currently have . I can wear these all day comfortably . They 're subtle but not tiny ; any bigger and I 'd feel a little uncomfortable with them . The back is a little flimsy , and I do worry about losing them . Overall , I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 The quality of the earrings was nice . I had to return them because the posts were too short for my ear lobes .
 Love these earrings , they are the perfect size and I am very pleased with the product quality . All around a great product .
 Sometimes you just never know what you 're going to get when you order online , but I was very pleased with this purchase ! These earrings are high quality , and gorgeous . I gave them to my daughter as a Christmas gift , she loved loved loved them ! Definitely , a good buy and the price is very reasonable .
 makes a nice gift to a young girl or young woman . This pair of earrings were made by the same company that sells EternaGold on QVC .
 Very nice product of good quality made my wife very happy . Much overkill on packaging . Picture two pairs of these -LRB- one a different size -RRB- in a box roughly 12x8x4 inches . Good service .
 I bought these for my daughter for her Navy Graduation present and she absolutely LOVES THEM !! The Navy has certain specs . that you have to follow under the uniform code and these were perfect . This is actually my 2nd pair . She called me really upset saying she lost one and I told her I would order her more . These are cheap on price14k White Gold 5mm Ball Stud Earringsbut high in quality !!!!
 Perfect simple earrings , but I like the 4mm size better -- Amazon was out of them . I returned and hopefully the other size will be in stock soon . Nice quality .
 This is a gift that has yet to be given . I am confident that she will love them , though .
 I purchased these not deciding if I were going to keep them or give them as a gift . I ended up keeping them because they go perfect with my earring collection and will come in handy when I need something simple and pretty . Very happy with the purchase . They look great with white gold , platinum , or silver jewelry . Next time I 'll get more as a gift .
 they are nice however little smaller than I thought but that 's my fault for not bringing out my metric rule ... Very much recommend
 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the gold balls . I plan on buying another set -LRB- different size -RRB- next week . Earrings arrived in less than a week .
 These lovely little gems are perfect for those women who , like me , have a second or third ear piercing . Small enough to be dainty but large enough to be seen without being unnecessarily ostentatious.These would make a great gift for a little girl as well.I particularly liked the price point where they were being offered as I suffer from a nickel allergy and always wear gold posts in my ear . Having recently transitioned from yellow to white gold these were lovely additions to my collection . At the price of under 10 dollars I was able to give them to a few others as a little hi there , how are you .
 I ordered 2 pair of these earrings on the Friday sale and just received them yesterday and I absolutely loved them ! I actually ordered 2 pair of white and 2 pair of the gold . I gave a pair of each to my daughter who 's 7 yrs old and she put the gold one on right away and has n't taken them off yet . I put the white gold one on too and I have ' t taken them off either . My other girl who 's 4 and does n't have her ears pierced yet said that she want 's to go get her ears pierced on her birthday so she can wear those earrings.These are the best earrings for the price . They 're definitely great gifts for anyone who has their ears pierced .
 I bought these earrings for my daughter who had just pierced her ears . They came in a lovely velvet pouch so that I did n't have to wrap them up . They are of good quality and are easy for her to use . I would buy from this company again .
 Outstanding is what I say about the quality and price . I had purchased a pair earlier , misplaced one , and purchased these . I found the misplaced one , before these arrived , and am now happy to have two pair ! Earrings of this quality and price are hard to find on line or in the department stores . I wear them almost everyday !
 These fit perfectly in earring jackets ; nice for the times I prefer not to use gemstone studs . Although a little small -LRB- which is why they work for the jackets -RRB- they are nice to wear alone , also .
 These are excellent little earrings . I needed gold to put in my ears after a few years of not wearing any earrings . These fit the bill just right . They are well-made , and I recommend the size , as it is not so apt to get dented . I could wish , however , that the backs were just a little larger . All in all , a good everyday post for someone who 's on the phone a lot . -LRB- They do n't poke you behind your ear ! -RRB-
 These earrings are good quality . I 'm allergic to most earrings , but I 've worn these non-stop since I got them with no problems at all -LRB- about 3 days now -RRB- . One thing that surprised me was the size . I ordered them to wear in my 2nd ear piercing just above the main hole , but they were way too big for that . My husband said they looked like Christmas ornaments , ha . So they are now in the lower piercing , and I will have to find smaller ones for the 2nd piercing . I will try to upload a photo to show the size of earring/ear ratio .
 These earrings are very classy , and the perfect size . But be aware that the backs are tiny , and easy to lose . I 've learned not to put these on when I 'm in a hurry , after spending ten minutes hunting for a dropped back !
 I never take them out ... much ! They are the perfect size for me . Not too big so as to overwhelm my tiny ears , and not too small to be unnoticeable . They can be worn with practically anything . Very understated and yet elegant at the same time .
 I purchased these gold earrings to go with the pair of 4mm gold ball earrings I bought from Amazon . I have multiple pierces in my ears and these go well with the others . They are great quality at a very good price . Much cheaper than local jewelery stores .
 I purchased these earrings as a treat for myself . I wanted something classic and small that could be worn for casual or dressy events.I absolutely love these . They are lightweight , they shine , and I have received many compliments on them.These earrings do not irritate my ears at all . In fact , they are the most comfortable pair I own . I can never fall asleep with my earrings in ; the holes get dry and itchy if I do . These , however , have been in since I received them almost a month ago . There is absolutely no irritation.They go well with a shirt and jeans , or a dress , or business casual . You could wear them with pearls , a chain , funky jewelry , or dressy diamonds . They are a classic staple for anyone 's jewelry collection . I highly recommend these .
 I ordered 2 pair of these earrings on the Friday sale and just received them yesterday and I absolutely loved them ! I actually ordered 2 pair of white and 2 pair of the gold . I gave a pair of each to my daughter who 's 7 yrs old and she put the gold one on right away and has n't taken them off yet . I put the white gold one on too and I have ' t taken them off either . My other girl who 's 4 and does n't have her ears pierced yet said that she want 's to go get her ears pierced on her birthday so she can wear those earrings.These are the best earrings for the price . They 're definitely great gifts for anyone who has their ears pierced .
 I bought two pair of these earrings in April 2005 for $ 10 each , one for me and one for a granddaughter . Now Amazon is running them for $ 9 on the Friday sale . It 's not too soon to be thinking about Christmas stocking stuffers . These would be perfect . These are real gold , quality earrings . I love mine and have worn them now for almost two years with no problems , having to be careful about metal allergies . What are you waiting for ?
 I bought these , along with the 14K 7mm gold earrings , for my wife and she liked them both very much . 5mm is petite and they really look nice on her . I got them on sale for $ 9.00 , what a bargin for 14K white gold .
 These are really lovely , simple everyday earrings . My ears have recently developed a sensitivity to metals other than gold and I purchased these to have a pair of small , everyday studs . My only complaint is that the backings are very small and not very tight . I lost one pretty quickly but replaced it at my local jeweler .
 I got these for $ 9 on the Friday Sale . They are well made and the perfect size . You absolutely will not find a better pair for the price . Wait for the Friday Sale if you can .
 I was looking for gold ball earrings for multiple pierced ears , and I found these ! They are the perfect shade of gold , slightly on the light side , not that vivid orange-y color that you see on a lot of gold-plated things . They matched my other 14k pieces perfectly . The quality is excellent for the price ! A lot of customers have commented about the backs being small or delicate . Yes , they are small , but they fit tightly and are very secure . I have lots of 14k gold studs , and most of them have the same small backs , so these are nothing unusual . Overall , super glad I bought them ! Could n't be happier !! You ca n't go wrong buying from Amazon .
 These gold earrings come in a lovely box adn will make an excellent stocking stuffer for my daughter ! I wish I had ordered another pair for myself !
 Best of both worlds . They do n't make me break out like the sterling silver or cheaper sets and they are the perfect size to wear all the time if I want . Love them ! I only purchased them because they were on sale but they turned out to be my best product .
 Not too big and not too small ... doesnt squeeze ears not even in sleep fits great . Will order more soon !
 I 'm giving these as a gift for my young niece . They are just the right size for her small ears !
 These earrings look so rich and pretty ! The little bag they come in was pretty but disconcerting because at first I only saw one earring . Ca n't wait to give them to my daughter for Christmas .
 The earrings arrived a day before scheduled . I love them . My clumsy fingers had no trouble with the clasps even on the tricky upper ear holes with earrings already below.Many thans !
 They are really classy . My mother bought them a year ago for her friends daughters.Sadly , one of the girls lost her earrings right away , so I suggest getting these for an older , more responsible child or an adult .
 Exactly what I wanted ! My ears are double pierced and I like to wear something small above my regular earrings .
 These earrings are great . 5mm is noticeably sized . I needed 14k gold because I wear them 24/7 . Very comfortable .
 I wanted earrings that I could leave in 24/7 . These earrings are perfect . I can sleep with them and have no issues . They are just the right size and comfortable .
 These are lovely white gold studs . I needed something simple to wear in second holes and after going through an annoying series of sterling silver options , I bought these . They match all my white metal jewelry.The surface is not a perfect mirror finish - there are imperfections - but then I ca n't imagine anyone but myself examining them that closely . My one complaint with these studs is the backings . They are A -RRB- tiny B -RRB- lose and C -RRB- flimsy . If you wish to keep the studs for longer than a day , I would replace the backings immediately with plastic , or even a tighter silver backing . I snatched the backings off of one of my sterling silver studs that I had abandoned , and they immediately provided a sturdier and more secure fit for them . The shaft length was perfect for me as well . Any longer and I would feel them while holding a phone to my ear .
 I was going to get the 7 or 8mm size , until I read reviews . I 'm so glad I got these . I have tiny ears and they are perfect for everyday wear . The backs are very delicate and my right earring flew off as I was getting a haircut today , but other than that , they are easy , simple and I do n't even notice they 're there .
 i love these earrings . exactly what the description is . i have been wearing them for a week and this is the FIRST pair of earrings that i have been able to wear without a reaction ! sweet deal !
 comfortable to wear . look great on . pleasantly surprised . also , a little larger than i expected .
 i lost one of my earrings from having my ears pierced and needed to replace it with 14 kt gold . this was perfect .
 These earrings are very darling - shiny and a nice hue of gold . The quality looks fine and the backs on mine do click , but the backs are pretty small too , so have to be careful handling them . I think these earrings would look best on a petite person or young teen . They might appear a bit small on someone with med to large sized ears .
 Great earrings , bought a set for my girlfriend.She loves them ! Style glow and style they have are second to none ! People compliment her all the time .
 I have bought those earrings for my girfriend and it was a surprise.I was so astonish to found out they were so tiny and beautiful .
 Perfect for daily wear , size is great , big enough to decorate , without being over powering .
 ring was very pretty . Does n't change color has much as i would like . Had a real alexandrite as a child and i can remember the color changes . very believeable size .
 I was impressed with the woven texture background . It accents the praying hands nicely . The charm is about the size of a nickel . The sterling silver did not let me down . I plan to get the real one next ! I wear it on a chain with a sterling silver cross . They look great together .
 I purchased this for my mom from the website . I did not see it ahead of time , and received an excited phone call from her about how much she loved it ... then another one later about how many compliments she received on it.When I finally saw it in person , I was pleasantly surprised . The black CZ really catches the light and people 's eye . I considered giving the necklace 4 stars because the chain is flimsy , but that part is really negligible since the pendant itself is the main product . It is worth it to have the pendant and switch out the chain if you do not like the quality.Also , Amazon has a lot more matching products to this , so I have been buying my mom extras to supplement her pendant . I am glad I bought this for my mother , and she is too !
 I needed a necklace for my son 's Bar-Mitzvah . I had already purchased the outfit . The top was white with black flowers and a silver button . I searched Amazon for black flower silver - and found this perfect necklace . Everyone thinks it cost a lot of money - and are shocked when I tell them how inexpensive it was ! It brought the entire outfit together . It is a lot smaller than it appears on the computer - about the size of a nickel , but it is really cute . My only complaint is that the chain is so delicate it is hard to put on myself and I have to ask for help . I highly recommend this necklace !
 This is a cute necklace that has a wonderful texture . The craftsmanship could use a little improvement , there is more silver showing on the edges of the petals than I would care for . You ca n't really see the sloppiness of the craftsmanship unless you inspect it very closely , which wo n't happen when you are wearing this otherwise lovely piece .
 This ring is beautiful . I 've gotten compliments from the first day I wore it . It adds a look of class to any outfit . It makes you look like you 've got a million bucks on your hand -LRB- and in your wallet -RRB- ! You ca n't go wrong purchasing this item .
 A very pretty sparkly ring . I would like it to have been just a tad smaller , but a good value overall .
 I love this bracelet . I 've been wanting one for some time . It is supposed to keep evil away and the story behind it says you are n't supposed to buy it for yourself . My sister bought mine for me . The quality is very good and it comes in a nice box and velvet pouch so it is nicely packaged to give as a gift .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 This ring is just beautiful . I 'm not a silver person myself , but I even like it . It was a great value . I highly recommend it to any male blackhawks fan
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 These earrings are as beautiful as they appear in the picture -- great earrings at a fantastic price . They are presented in a yellow , lightly-padded pouch with a snap like an envelope . Delivery was very fast ! I bought these as a gift for my sister and she loved them ! Gorgeous and eye-catching !
 In the picture , I thought the snap looked small . Turns out , I had it backwards . The snaps are normal sized , but the pearls are huge ! The surface of the pair I received was nice and smooth with no visible imperfections , and the color was if anything a bit deeper , and significantly more iridescent . The packaging a bit so-so , but I was n't expecting a jeweler 's box for the price . It was packaged very well for shipping though.We gave these for a gift , so they got transplanted into a decent box before final `` delivery '' , but if you do n't have a box handy , they sell nice gift card holders that look like books and boxes and such -LSB- ... -RSB- which would be perfect for it .
 These earrings are beautiful and are bigger than I thought they would be . They are nice and heavy and look beautiful . Definitely a great buy !
 This is a great looking necklace . It is just as I hoped it would be I was apprehensive about buying something that I could not handle first but took the chance and was not disappointed . Nice weight and color . I opted for free shipping and it was here in 4 days . As always Amazon more than held up to their end of the deal.Thank you
 THE PRODUCT WAS OUTSTANDING . THE ONLY PROBLEM WE HAD AND IT WAS NO FAULT OF AMAZON WAS THAT IT WAS TOO LARGE . I RETURNED IT AND ORDERED A SMALLER CHAIN WHICH WAS ALSO GREAT . THE OTHER ISSUE I HAD AND WAS NOT PLEASED WITH WAS HOU LONG IT TOOK TO GET A REFUND FOR THE FIRST CHAIN . I SENT IT BACK ON 12/26 , IT WAS RECIEVED BY YOURSELVES ON 12/28 AND IT TOOK 4 PHONE CALLS AND 2 WEEKS FOR YOUR PEOPLE TO SAY THAT THEY RECIEVED IT EVEN THOUGH , I HAD DELIVERY CONFIRMATION . THEN IT TOOK THE CREDIT CARD COMPANY ANOTHER 5 DAYS TO CREDIT THE ACCOUNT . I REALIZE IT WAS THE HOLIDAYS AND THERE WAS ALOT PROBABLY GOING ON , BUT NOT BEING TO TELL ME FOR TWO WEEKS IF A RETURN WAS PROCESSED OR NOT IS SOMETHING YOUR MANAGEMENT SHOULD WORK ON . OTHERWISE HAPPY NEW YEAR AND LOOK FORWARD TO USING AMAZON AGAIN IN THE FUTURE AS I HAVE BEEN IN THE PAST .
 Wife says it is solidly built with gold and is a nice weighing piece of necklace . She loves to wear this everyday .
 The picture really does n't do justice to this chain . It is very good quality . It is solid construction-there is nothing to catch or pull on your hair . It has a very nice lobster claw clasp to hold it secure . It has a very beautiful gold sheen to it and you can feel the weight of the gold-it 's not a light weight cheap chain that you have to worry about breaking if you catch it on the slightest thing . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I bought this for a fairly heavy diamond snowflake pendant I received for Valentines Day . The size is perfect & is sturdy enough to hold a valuable & cherished piece of jewelry . It is well polished and nicely finished with the lobster claw clasp . I am more than pleased !
 I ordered this chain for a small pendant I wanted to wear . The chain is nice but smaller than I expected . It 's sturdy and has the lobster claw clasp I was looking for but it 's a bit dull and plain . Overall though , I would say it was a good value for the money .
 The chain is very nice , not too thin or too bold , obviously to be worn with a pendant . It has a nice lobster claw clasp . Also , be aware that this is Italian gold , and is therefore a bit more bright yellow rather than the darker tone , like gold made elsewhere . I 'm a bit doubtful that it indeed weights 3 grams , but it 's possible , since the clasp is rather solid .
 If you 're in search of a bracelet to catch others eyes then I tell you this is the one ! This beauty has a way of creating conversation and the appeal that many others may want to own . Also the wear and weight is very pleasin ' !!
 I had a similar bracelet stolen from my luggage , so I hoped this would be of similar quality . I was pleasantly surprised . The $ per-gram value is excellent , and the bracelet is acceptably hefty . It does n't pull the little hairs on your arm like some do . It 's flexible and easy to wear even with a watch or other bracelet .
 The blue pouch , the box and the caring card were really nice . But by the time it arrived , the thin necklace had mostly slided out of the pouch and tangled up a little with the poly-filling of the box . I ordered the 18-inch necklace , but for the one I received , its actual length was 19.5 inches , including the clasp .
 So , I could n't help but laugh at the description for the chain . I was looking for something to hang a pendant off of and loved this . It arrived quickly and in a lovely velevet pouch with a center divider -LRB- oh so handy ! I love Amazon jewelry as it comes with its own care case -RRB- . The chain is very pretty . It did n't look quite right with what I order it for , but I liked it so much I decided to keep it anyway . Perhaps that is just a bad excuse to find a suitable pendant for my new favorite chain . : -RRB-
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 I was looking for a sailboat that would be big enough to show detail , but not so big as to overwhelm the other charms on the bracelet . This one fit the bill . It 's sparkly without being overly gaudy . Good quality .
 This two tone chain arrived in about a week . This chain is beautiful & strong . I have been shopping around for quite a while & found this chain well worth the money !
 I bought this for my wife for her birthday . This is an attractive necklace . At first , I thought the chains were a bit thin , but I warmed to it quickly . The twisted pairs of gold and white gold create an attractive blend of color . It is small for formal occasions , but works well for everyday use .
 I purchased this chain for my Mother for her birthday , and not only did I get it really quick it was beautiful . It looks very expensive compared to the price I paid for the chain . This chain is strong and it makes a great gift , it 's a great buy for the price .
 Great necklace at an amazing price . I was a little skeptical in the beginning about buying a gold necklace on line , but it is definitely worth it .
 It is a narrower byzantine than I have seen , a little over a quarter inch width . I like this better , the byzantine can be overdone . It is a beautiful necklace and look . It makes a statement without overpowering . Great price for such a well made necklace . Thank you Amazon .
 The chain is just as they specify . After doing some checking on eBay , I found that I could n't touch a chain of this weight , 7.2 g unless I was willing to spend almost twice as much ! It also came a full size presentation box which was a nice touch .
 This is a very nice chain at a great price , especially compared to everything else I was looking for . I would recommend it if you do n't like really big/heavy jewelry .
 I purchased this chain for my mother as a birthday present . She is quite the jewelry connoisseur , and she was very pleased . I feel the chain was reasonably priced yet still a quality piece . The thickness of the chain gave it enough `` oomph '' to stand out yet remain understated at the same time . The lobster claw clasp was very secure and seemed well-made . I plan on asking for this same chain for Christmas from my husband !
 I have this great neacklace in 22 '' and 168 grams i have had it for 5 years and still get complments on it
 The chain arrived in a big but elegant box , It seemed very thin when first looking at it , yet once I took it out the box and held the chain it did have good weight to it and was a good size as far as around the neck . This chain does not feel cheap and looks nice in style . I would recommend this product .
 All the others are only 3mm , and for a guy the 4mm size is better I think .
 This is my first major jewelry purchase and was it worth it !!! Finally found an affordable byzantine bracelet and it was better than I thought it would be.I have n't taken it off since purchase , I also now want the matching necklace.The lightweight has made it a comfortable daily wear . The bracelet was actually larger and prettier than in the picture.Quite durable.This is a great buy , you will not be disappointed and it will fulfill your byzantine desire.You will not need a larger or wider bracelet , this was perfect.H.C .
 THIS BRACELET IS ALL THAT !! VERY NICE !! MY WIFE JUST LOVED IT !!
 Nice piece . Perhaps feels just a little light when held , but it is quality workmanship for the price . I recommend it .
 This bracelet is lovely . It lies nicely on the wrist and is lightweight . In fact - if I have any gripe about this piece it is that it 's too light -LRB- not enough gram weight -RRB- for the price . Overall I am very happy and look forward to wearing this bracelet for many years to come .
 I was looking for a rope bracelet to coordinate with other gold jewelry , and this was the best price I could find . The bracelet looks nice and fits perfectly , but it is very light - as in weightless . It is good for looks if you do n't want to spend what it takes to get a quality gold bracelet with more substance and weight .
 I was a bit hesitant to order jewelry sight unseen but should n't have been in this case . It 's a beautiful breacelet - simple yet elegant in design . I never take it off and get many compliments on it 's unique design . I will buy from this seller again !
 I purchased this bracelet for my Mom to give me for Christmas . I am very pleased with how pretty it is . It is light weight , and lays beautifully flat on my wrist without twisting or rolling . I have n't taken it off since I got it .
 This is a beautiful byzantine bracelet , with significant presence , but not clunky . I wear it every day . It 's so much a part of me , I completely forget I have it on . And yet , I constantly receive complimets on it .
 I am so very pleased with this bracelet . I was n't entirely confident when I placed my order but I am so very glad I did . I would highly recommend this bracelet for any woman .
 I replaced a defective item with this one , and upon delivery inspected it immediately to find no flaws . Rated `` very attractive , '' according to the recipient.Prospective buyers should understand that thick Omega-style necklaces are inflexible by design , and therefore must be treated much more carefully than chain-style necklaces . That includes both care in use and care in storage . Keep the box and use it for protection .
 This was the first time I 've ordered jewelry off Amazon.com , and I was really impressed by the quality of the chain . I chose this necklace as a gift for my boyfriend , after about 3 months of looking at different chains -- online and in stores . The chain stood out because I have not seen this style anywhere else -- it 's unique . I like it because it 's not plain , but it 's also not fancy to the point of girlie-ness . To my taste , it 's just right . The photos do n't do it justice ; it 's beautiful , and my boyfriend seems to be very happy with it . I was a little nervous about buying a necklace I had n't physically seen and touched , but the expectations I had about the quality , appeal , and value were definitely exceeded .
 I wanted something new looking , and this was it . It 's great ! The only thing is I would like the 22 '' too . It looks great on . Everyone who sees it likes it also . Great weight and solid chain .
 I 've been looking for a bracelet for a gift and have not been successful at local shops . I was told what to expect for gold prices and came to find most retail shops will over charge on prices . Only by mere chance did I check online and found Amazon offering choices . In the past I have only used Amazon.com for books and music . I was worried that it would be a cheap thin piece of gold . Not only was the item above and beyond my expectations , I received it quite quickly as well . The bracelet is quite beautiful . The presentation is perfect and I am very satisfied .
 Like the first reviewer , I was a little hesitant at first . The bracelet came the next day -LRB- for only $ 15 -RRB- and it was MUCH nicer than I expected . I plan on getting the matching 20 '' necklace soon .
 THE PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICK , WAS MUCH BETTER THAN PICTURED , NOW I KNOW I DONT NEED TO SHOP AT PACKED MALLS ... THIS WAS PAINLESS FIRST TIME I BOUGHT JEWERLY ONLINE WAS A BIT AFRAID BUT NOT ANYMORE A + + + + + +
 This byzantine is just perfect . It feels like silk on the wrist , has plenty of presence , but is not too heavy . It is an ideal everyday bracelet . One point of note
 Nice smooth bracelet that you can wear all the time . Sturdy without being too heavy . I have received lots of compliments .
 The bracelet that arrived was exactly as described . It appears to be well made , especially for the money . There are no sharp edges or poorly set links that might be found in a piece of lesser quality . The clasp is especially secure . The presentation box it came in was a nice touch . I plan to buy the matching necklace for my girlfriend this Christmas .
 The necklace sits very nicely on the neck , doesnt roll over or bend , the gold is also the perfect color , not too shiny . Bought this for my mother and she enjoys it tremendously .
 I purchased this necklace for my girlfriend for her birthday . It shipped on time and was excellently packaged . The necklace itself is quite fine however you should be aware that it scratches fairly easily -LRB- being 14k and all -RRB- . Other than that an excellent necklace and will purchase again .
 This is truly stunning.You feel like a million bucks when you put it on.And then you 'll wonder how you lived so long without it.It 's classy and comfortable , and new-Lexus shiny.The clasp is a bit smaller than I expected , but it seems secure and I 'm a happy customer .
 I bought this necklace for my wife for Christmas and she was very pleased with it .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 I received the 14k 20 '' herringbone necklace in the mail today . It was beautifuuly presented in a velvet pouch in a lovely box . This necklace is an excellent value but it is important to realize that it is only 7.3 oz . of gold consequently is thin . Ladies , I would not sleep in this necklace because of it 's thinness . It will kink even though it is flexible . Otherwise , with proper care it should be just fine .
 This was described as a `` ribbon of gold , '' and that 's what it is . My only complaint is that at the 20 '' length , it sometimes rides up higher on the back of my neck , but I 'll figure out how to remedy that . Maybe better posture will help . The presentation was extraordinary . I wondered about the shipping weight for a necklace that weighs a mere 7.3 g , but it was delivered inside a huge white satin lined velvet presentation box within a nice cardboard box , both are dark , dark blue . I do not keep this necklace on at all times because although it 's substantial for the style , it is delicate . I do not want to crimp the metal , break the clasp ring , or have my hair tangle in the chain while I sleep . I was debating giving this 4 stars , but it really is worthy of 5 when considering the reduced cost of ninety-nine dollars on a gold box offer .
 Very good quality . Beautiful shimmer ! I have never taken it off and it still looks new . The `` SuperFlex '' really is nice and flexable .
 Arrived super quickly in quality packaging - jeweler 's necklace box . Terrific quality for a great value .
 It arrived in a very nice quality velevet box and was better than I expected . A nice heavy weight chain for the price for lockets or larger type pendants or to be worn alone . A bargain !
 The word quality sums up this product . Great value . Low cost .
 This chain is so nice I am buying the 20 in one also , and maybe the 18 . I notice the price has gone up , and rightly so . Even with the higher price this is still a deal . Looks fabulous by itself or with a pendant . Large and sturdy enough to function as a chain for my sunglasses or badge holder too .
 It 's a great buy and I have gotten many compliments . I also purchased the yellow/white gold coffee bean bracelet as well and wear them together . They really stand out .
 My husband bought me a diamond pendant at Christmas which came with an extremely fine chain - it looked too frail . I have searched in all of the jewelry stores in our local mall and to purchase something of this quality in white gold , I would have needed to spend nearly as much as the pendant cost ! I suspected that this one might also be too fine because of the great price , but could n't believe it when I not only saw the quality , but realized that it had a lobster claw clasp - all of the chains in the stores had a spring ring clasp . Thanks Amazon - I will definitely purchase more jewelry from you .
 I replaced a very fine chain on a diamond , amethyst cross with this chain and seldom take it off . I 've had it for at least a year and it has held up well and looks nice . The price is very good too .
 i bought this chain a year ago to wear with a diamond pendant my husband bought me for Christmas . I 've worn it almost every day since and I love it ! It 's a very strong chain but it still looks very delicate .
 This is an excellent white gold chain ... especially at this price . I was n't able to find a chain of this quality anywhere for less than $ 175 . It is very shiny , well weighted and very well made . Perfect to wear alone or for those precious pendants . The lobster clasp is a definite plus !
 A little over a week ago my house was robbed and all my jewelry was stolen . I guess I am in the process of replacing some of the essential pieces that are gone . I needed this length of chain and it is perfect for pendants . It is light and beautiful . The chain is narrow enough to slip most bales over or to wear alone . It is light and it does n't weigh down your neck . The box link is also one of the strongest links that you can buy . I bought this length because it is perfect for summer and in the winter when I am wearing longer chains , I can triple this length and wear it around my wrist as a bracelet .
 I purchased this bracelet a few months ago and was waiting to see if there were any issues with it before reviewing it . The first thing I noticed was that it weighed out at just over 27 grams not the 25.7 that is advertised . This for me is the perfect size not to large but large enough to be noticed . If you search the internet as I did before buying this bracelet you will find that a bracelet of this weight will go for about $ 100 more . The quality is very good but not perfect perhaps this is the difference in price . The flaws are few and not recognizable without close examination . My only real concern was the clasp . I read that another reviewer had trouble with this clasp on the 37 gram bracelet but I have had no trouble and I wear this all the time . Maybe they are made by different companies.All in all a great bracelet of modest size -LRB- but not too small -RRB- that can be worn everyday to the office or for dress up gigs .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- loves these ! They are very sturdy and look good .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 The wheat chain style of this necklace is lovely , and very fluid , not stiff like some thicker chains can be . The shine is soft , and will blend with matte-finish and highly polished pendants . The 1.5 mm . width is also substantial enough to wear alone , without being ostentatious . A lovely addition to your collection !
 Even casual comparision shopping will reveal this item to be an excellent value at a reasonable price . Highly recommend this vendor
 This is a wonderful gift for someone who has or has had a dog named `` Blue . '' I 've received many compliments every time I 've worn the earrings , especially from dog lovers and fans of Mr. Bojangles.If Amazon permitted star reviews , I would have given this 3 stars instead of 4 but even so , I do n't feel uncomfortable giving it 4 stars . The reason it lost a star was because to me , the Swarovski crystals feel too large and bright and as a result seem to overpower the dogs . I wish the crystals were smaller or that the dogs were larger so that the crystals would be a highlight instead of the focus . It 's hard to see this in the picture on Amazon because the earrings look as though they were taken in the best possible light or lack there of , as the case may be -LRB- ! -RRB- . Also , I felt like the earrings were a little overpriced by about $ 10 -LRB- current price is ~ $ 60 -RRB- . I 'd also like to make a comment about the seller , Artazia . This was not factored into my rating of the earrings but because it could impact the way buyers view reviews of Artazia 's items , I think it 's important to mention.On October 18 , 2011 , I received an e-mail from the seller and was saddened to read the following : `` As a small token , for every 4-5 Stars rating you leave us within the next 3 days , we will e-mail you a $ 10 coupon code good for any purchase from The Artazia Collection . You will receive the code within two business days after your feedback is approved and published by Amazon . `` Better yet , if at the same time you also add a short , 4-5 star review of the item you purchased from Artazia -LRB- this can be done on the item page on Amazon -RRB- we will double the coupon amount to $ 20 . `` I purposely waited until the fifth day to post a comment so no one would wonder if my rating was genuine . I would n't have minded if Artazia offered a discount for feedback without stipulating a rating but this feels unethical to me . I realize that Amazon changes the placement of items in search results based on ratings but should n't an item 's rating stand on the item 's merit instead of being bought ? I like Artazia 's unique , funky jewelry and I had planned to purchase the matching pin but now no longer feel comfortable doing so . Should their policy change , I 'll reconsider this stance.Whether or not this feedback serves as a factor for potential buyers when purchasing from Artazia , I hope they 'll at least keep this policy in mind while reading reviews of Artazia 's items . $ 20 off is almost half price of some of their items , which could serve as an incentive to give a high rating . I especially hope Artazia will reconsider their current policy on procuring feedback and have more faith in the quality of their own artwork .
 Well made . I especially like the slim loop clasp - easy to push thru pendants . And a great price , I have not seen this chain for this price anywhere .
 The Gold chain was for a Ruby Pendant that I had purchased earlier -LRB- a 40th Anniversery gift -RRB- . The Chain was high quality , a good value and I did not have to shop three dozen jewelry stores to find it . . A very nice piece .
 I was pleasantly surprised by how thick this chain was when we received it . My wife is very happy with the Wheat pattern , and it hold the pendant I bought for her separately very well , without getting tangled . I looked all over and this was by far the best price .
 This is a pair of very nice earrings . Though I expected them to be a little bit bigger as per the picture , but still they are very elegant and romantic .
 I bought this necklace on a whim as a Gold Box deal , and I am happy I did ! I have a rather delicate white gold pendant for which I needed a chain , and this will do beautifully . It is delicate without being fragile , just what I wanted , and I am very happy with this purchase !
 I love this chain ... it is a very nice lookin ' necklace . I added a pendant and it worked very well .
 I got this bracelet for my mom on Mother 's Day and she loved it . It looked great on her arm and I 'm very happy with how well it turned out . A very good buy !
 It 's a beautiful bracelet and appears to be strong enough to last a hundred years of daily wear.I compared the price to other gold bracelets and this one is quite heavy for the money . I guess it would be $ 500 in a jewelry store . -LRB- but I do n't know for sure -RRB-
 Very nice bracelet . I would like to purchase one . Only I need 9 '' long . Please let me know availability .
 I could hardly wait to open the box upon it 's arrival , and I was thrilled when I did . This bracelet is very unique and very different ... feels very `` weighty '' and just looks awesome on my arm . Once you get it on your wrist , the right way , the gold links will lie flat ... this takes one or two tries , but the result is worth it ... . and that shine!This was my first gold item from Amazon , and I am afraid , NOT my last !!
 this bracelet is bold , great shine finish , and dresses up all the six bracelets i wear at one time . the geometric design is eye catching and a pleasure to show off .
 I just got it in the mail today , it 's so pretty ! I love it ! Before I recieved it as a gift , I asked a friend of mine -LRB- who works in the jewelry business -RRB- if she thought it was a good deal . She said the price was at cost -LRB- 6 grams of gold is selling for $ 100 -RRB- and advised me to definitely get it . Im so glad I did !
 Do not judge this piece of jewlery by its poorly detailed photo because when I received it was so much more than I expected ! The silver is very shiny and the amber gemstone is beautiful , and even adjusts it color by light and becomes a gorgeus honey-gold colour and looks great when you are out in the sunlight , especially if you wearing clothing of similar tones . So , this pendant is worth appreciating !
 This is one of my most treasured pieces of jewelry . I received it as a gift last year after putting it on my Amazon.com wish list . I have received more compliments on this particular necklace than any other piece of jewelry I own . This is completely worth every penny . As the previous person said in their comment , this is much more beautiful in person . It goes with just about anything , and it is a major eye catcher . Wear this and you 'll be center of attention .
 I got this gift for my mom and she wore it for a week straight . She still likes it but it got misplaced . The quality is good . The actual pendant itself is the size of a dime its light weight and the rays are a bit pokey if you have a big chest . Other than that its youthful and I personally would wear it myself they had one that was more masculine .
 Gorgeous piece ! I bought this for my wife , and she gets a lot of compliments on it . Fast hassle-free shipping as well . I always get great products from Silver Insanity .
 everyone has commented on how gorgeous this necklace is ! the craftsmans attention to detail combined with reasonable pricing makes this pendant a great gift , or purchase for oneself !
 I purchased this item a few days ago . It was unbelievable how fast it was shipped . The necklace which exceeded my expectations was enclosed in a little velvet bag . I LOVE THIS NECKLACE !
 jewelry & watches ; I was very happy when i received my order Gold Handmade Link bracelet.ExcellentThank you
 I got these just for fun , and they are really cute ! They are of a nice quality and just the right size ... and for the low price , they exceeded my expectations .
 This is the second pair of gold earrings i 've ordered from Amazon.com 's line of gold jewelry . They look to be of really good quality , a tad smaller than i expected , but when worn , they 're the perfect size . And they 'll be perfect for my little girl when it 's time to pass these to her . When browsing , i choose Amazon.com 's jewelry line first , particulary for the usual free shipping , but now i know i 'll get good quality for th price , too .
 This will stand alone or make a great chain for pendants . The square link is smooth and does n't catch the hair at the back of my neck like snake chains do .
 neckless with a letter M all with diamonds
 Most of my jewelry is 2-tone . I have received many compliments on this bracelet . It is simple yet elegant . Also , it is light-weight .
 I received these earrings as a gift , and I do n't know what they are made of , but I get an awful lot of compliments on them . They seem to change color in response to what I am wearing . I would definitely order other Silver Insanity items .
 I sent these as a gift to my mom and all her friends want a pair now .
 The earrings were a gift and were most warmly received ! They were a real hit !
 I have two pairs of earrings from this company and they look amazing . I ca n't tell if they 're plastic or glass but they really do look as beautiful as in the picture , and I always get compliments when I wear them . Sometimes people ask me what stone they are , they ca n't even tell it 's synthetic !! No bubbles or anything like the bad review here says .
 I was worried because I read the other review after the earrings were already purchased for me and on their way , but when I received them , I was very happy . Mine really are glass and not plastic and I think they look exactly like the picture . Every time I have worn them so far I have received a compliment on them . I am glad that I got them .
 The ring is a real knock out !! I get lots of compliments and it is the bling i was looking for.The prongs are sturdy and it is made well .
 I am so happy with this purchase . This ring is gorgeous . It sparkles like the real thing . I would n't buy a real diamond this large , but this is a fun conversation piece . It was worth the money spent , and I hope to get years of enjoyment .
 very nice and large ... . catches the light just right and looks great ... . size was right on ... . came very quick ... . was np w / the package it came in ... great ring for the price ... it looks like it cost a lot more then it does
 This is a simple and rather adorable ring . I have a small frame and this ring is so big that it really stands out without distracting from my outfit . It 's clean and modern looking and can be worn with just about anything . Plus , you just ca n't beat the price ! Definitely a fun piece to add to the jewelry box!Warning
 It 's a wonderful ring , sparkling all the time , very attractive to the eye and beautifully done . It 's not an everyday ring in my oppinion , because sparkles a lot , the stone is very big and well cutted and I did n't find any imperfection but it 's ok for other occasions -LRB- not necessarily for special occasions ! -RRB- . I 'm glad with this purchase and I keep the ring for myself !
 These are very pretty earrings , especially for the price . They are a nice size , light-weight , and comfortable . Highly recommended .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 These earrings are smaller than they appear in the photo . The stones are about the size of the nail of an average person 's pinky . The hooks fit comfortably in the earring holes and they were not heavy . They are elegantly shaped . I have bought several things from Silver Insanity and have not been disappointed with any of the items .
 I 'm always looking for the perfect earrings for everyday wear . Special occasion jewelry is easy to find , but everyday earrings need to be nice but not too fancy . These earrings are the ones that seem to fill the bill for me and of all my earrings , I find myself choosing these more often than any of my others . They are well made and exactly the right size for me , with just a bit of dangle but not too much . My only complaint is that they have hook backings ; I frequently lose hook-back earrings because they work loose and fall out without my knowing it . However , I 've solved that problem by sliding little clear rubber stoppers -LRB- available elsewhere on Amazon -RRB- on the wire hooks behind my earlobes .
 This necklace is a cute toggle knockoff . It is n't even real silver for Pete 's sake but no one would be able to tell from just looking while you 're wearing it . It did fit me a little tighter than expected . But I never had one of these so I didnt know what to expect . Plus I guess it depends on weight , neck size etc. . Anyway , I thought it was going to be a hunk of junk since it is only five dollars but bought a few for my nieces because they needed costume jewelry . Beleive it or not this baby is nice enough to wear out . Do n't believe me ? Gamble the five dollars .
 I was trying to match a gift I had purchased previously and this item was perfect and at a great price .
 This item was very nice . The chain was longer than I expected and hangs really low on my neck , but it only looks like the real one . You can tell that it is a knock off , but you get what you pay for . For $ 5 I think that it was worth it , but it does look different than the `` real '' one . Good service and delivery .
 I bought this as an extra Christmas gift & it turned out to be one of her favorites . I wish it had a necklace but we did find something to match .
 The Sterling Silver Labradorite and Black Onyx Drop Stone Amulet Pendant , I ordered is very pretty and is a very nice necklace for the price . And the colors will go with any outfit too.Thanks . Mrs. L. Davis
 I purchased the ring in conjunction with a solitaire diamond . I always believed the diamond should speak for itself and the ring shoud be simple . This is the case with this ring . When I appraised the stone , the gemologist also verified the gold content of the ring . It proved to be 14k , just as advertised . I was a little apprehensive about purchasing jewelry online , but Amazon has a very easy satisfaction guarantee , and I am completely satisfied .
 Very impressed with the quality of my item . Delivery was fast . Would definately buy from this seller again
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 I am in awe with this amazing engagement ring . Simple and beautiful .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 The transaction went fine and I received the necklace in good condition , in a timely manner , and my wife was pleased with it . The only thing that surprised me a little was the color was more opaque than I thought . From the picture the stone looks solid black .
 I have recently become interested in gem stones and Unakite and Sodalite are two favorites . The color in these earrings is perfect and shows through . I am very pleased with this purchase . The earrings are beautiful and the length is wonderful .
 The customer service with this company was fantastic , and I am very happy with my purchase . I have to admit , though , it looked a little more antiqued online in the photo , and I 'd have preferred that appearance . That said , I wear this ring every day and have received numerous compliments !
 Perfect ring to go with my white gold antique diamond engagement ring . Looks and feels like the real thing . Not for bold , bling lovers .
 I love this little ring -- i stack it with a white gold/real diamond ring and it looks fantastic ! it looks vintage even though it is brand new '' ` fantastic price for this beauty !!
 This ring is everything I expected it to be . It is shiny , delicate and vintage -LRB- y -RRB- looking !! I took away a star b/c hey ... nothing is perfect ! So ladies , this one is a keeper ! Awesome ring !!
 I fell in love with this ring as soon as I saw it , so I ordered it . I was surprised to see how small it was . I know they make pictures bigger to show detail , but this is a lot smaller than I thought it would be . However it 's a really nice ring , and a really great price .
 We purchased this ring as my wedding band because I needed a sturdy ring that would match my unique engagement ring without overpowering it or detracting from it . This ring is absolutely gorgeous . It does not look cheap or tacky or fake or any of the concerns one might can have with badly made CZ jewelry . In fact , this ring looks like extremely expensive bands that I 've looked at in famous name brand jewelers . If you 're looking for a quality band with a little pizzazz , this is a great ring for that . It does arrive shinier than in the picture ... it 's definitely not antiqued at all . I 'm so very happy with this purchase and you will be too !
 The picture does n't begin to do this justice . The ring is so pretty in person and I love it . I have short-stubby fingers and this ring even looks good on me ! Great ring and a great value ! I love it !
 This ring is really thin , perfect for small hands like mine . The workmanship of this ring is so-so , but it 's so small that it does n't matter -LRB- you really have to look real close to see it -RRB- . It is a good ring to wear during the day , it has a `` feel '' to it like when you are wearing platinum , but it 's borderline discomfort that I have to take it off during night time so i can go to sleep . It shines alot . I told my boyfriend I wont mind this being my wedding band in the future . -LRB- it 's a promise ring for now . . haha -RRB- .
 This ring is very pretty , though , it looks like less of an antique in person . It 's not oxidized -LRB- dark -RRB- around the stones like it looks in the picture.The ring is fairly thick and the stone settings are very ridged . I found it uncomfortable to wear , the texture irritated my other fingers . Had to send it back .
 I LOVE the looks and shine of this eternity vintage ring !! I found it a little too bulky is best to order a biger size because if u order your size it will bother your other fingers if ur always gon na have it in a middle finger . But thats just me , i like thin rings.Thats why i did no give 4 stars .
 Boy did I score a lot of points with this purchase , Mom loved it as soon as she opened the package . Another great purchase from Amazon . Love the review system that helps you make a decision .
 A gift for our first kid . The price was great . My wife was happy . Great buy .
 Gave these to my love for Christmas . They were beautifully packaged and the stones were big and vibrant - not as dark in color as the picture , but still really good and purple . The cut is pretty , and the stones are nice and clear.Most importantly , she loved them and wears them almost every day : -RRB-
 Always a little unsure about buying jewelry on line as I have been disappointed in the past . The product was delivered as promised and the cut , color and clarity was surprisingly much better than I had expected . Would buy from this reseller again !
 While shopping for holiday gifts this ring came up as a ` special ' for only -LSB- ... -RSB- How could I pass it up ? I 'm a sucker for rings most of the time so naturally I got it . It 's so pretty and the pale blue stone goes with lots of my wardrobe . The fit is good and once on your finger you kind of forget you 're wearing it . I 'd recommend this ring for anyone looking for a pale blue topaz , or who likes heart shaped rings .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 My wife asked for this necklace , and the price was reasonable . She was very happy with it , mostly for the sentimental value since it was my first present to her , and she enjoyed it until she lost it .
 My wife wears them everyday . She absolutely loves them . These earrings exceeded my expectations and I strongly recommend them to anyone looking to buy something special for the one they love .
 I ordered this ring for my 23 year daughter the Monday before a Saturday Christmas . I was unwilling to bump for faster shipping to ensure Christmas delivery - so image my surprise when the ring arrived before Christmas . My daughter absolutely loves the ring . She normally buys her rings in size 6 but this particular style was sold out in all sizes except size 5 . I went ahead and ordered the 5 and it fits perfect . She loves that this ring allows her ring finger to set tight against her pinky and middle finger without gaps . It has plenty of bling which she loves and yet it does n't seem to catch or snag clothing . Very pleased with this company - their shipping speed and product . Will look to do business with them again .
 This Ring is nice , the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here , but I would recommend to read about the `` carats '' -LSB- 1 -RSB- of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is ... My fiance loves it , and here 's -LSB- 2 -RSB- a * fuzzy * picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring . . -LSB- 1 -RSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp://www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png
 I was expecting a less than perfect ring for the price . To my amazement and joy ... it is FABULOUS ! And HUGE ! I am VERY pleased !
 This is faux jewelry at its finest . While no one is ever going to believe this is the `` real thing , '' the workmanship is excellent . That is , the setting of the small cubics around the big stone -LRB- which is fabulously brilliant -RRB- is meticulously , and impeccably done . The small stones have great shine as well . The ring is marked 925 and China.The only thing that I should have paid more attention to are the dimensions because of my small , somewhat chubby , fingers . The dimensions , translated from metric , are
 I love this ring . It is really large , but it looks much better in person than on the picture . It 's high quality too .
 I purchased this ring for my grandaughter who loves a lot of glitter and bling . This ring is perfect . It seems to be a good quality , is detailed , and looks like I paid more for it then I did . I know my grandaughter will love it.If you are looking for a large stone ring , this is it . I was looking for a large stone , and I was looking for something different with in a budget . She will be able to wear this ring for a long time , as it is made well , amd sterling silver.Also , it can be sized , since it is sterling silver.I am a happey shopper .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my grandmother and she absolutely loved it . Harris Michael Jewelry provided excellent customer service . It was shipped promptly and I received it earlier than I expected .
 I bought this pendant for my mom who absolutely loved it . The item came in a lovely box and arrived less than a week of ordering it . It is a beautiful pendant and such a great for my mom . I highly recommend ordering this item as a gift for someone . Harris Michael Jewelry , you are a wonderful company and I plan on buying again .
 I absolutely love the ring that I received as a gift so I went to their website and purchased several more Peridot items as I have a couple of friends with August birthdays , hence the Peridots.Silver Speck also offers tremendous customer service . When I had a slight problem with one of my orders , Silver Speck did not hesitate a second to rectify the problem and ensure that I was completely satisfied . I highly recommend Silver Speck as they carry high-quality jewelry at very low prices . You will not be disappointed !
 This arrived and I was expecting to see an average looking necklace , but was happily surprised ! The chain and round links were very shiny . The mother of pearl had nice natural markings on it , I feared it would simply look like plastic , but it did not at all.Sizes
 I was hesitant about purchasing jewelry sight unseen . But , this necklace is much prettier in person , than on the screen . I have n't gotten this many compliments in my life over a piece of jewelry . I am really conservative , and thought that this may be too much . But , it was n't . It is just the right balance of plain , and classy for me.I love it .
 I really wanted a blue sapphire necklace . Unfortunately , the sapphires look black , even if you hold them up to the light . It is a pretty necklace , so I decided to keep it . Still looking for blue sapphires that are blue in person , not just in the picture .
 It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it 's height and how big the diamond is and the setting
 I am very happy with this setting , overall . The metal was a little bit thinner than I would have hoped , and I did n't realize that `` amazon.com '' would be imprinted on the ring ... but overall I am very happy and would purchase this setting again -LRB- here 's hoping I wo n't have to -RRB-
 I love this ring . The `` diamonds '' are small enough that it looks real . I wear it constantly , and it still looks great .
 It 's beautiful . It 's clean and It looks great . I would of course rather buy http://amzn.to/fsGM7V but considering the cost this is not bad at all : -RRB-
 Due to some issues with my wedding band I picked this up as a temporary replacement . I looked around the internet and did my homework and found this ring to be perfect for me . Simple enough to not be obviously CZ . I have to say I adore it ! I find it very comfortable to wear , it just feels like a textured band on the hand , nothing jagged at all . The stones are small enough to look real and the metal has a nice color to it , not cheap looking like most silver/cz rings you see at department stores . The only disappointment I had upon receiving it was that the stones were n't as pronounced as the photo . The do seem to be a bit hidden by the metal . Even with that though I 'm extremely happy with it and I 've had many ooh and ahhs of friends and family . Absolutely worth every penny !
 I was looking for something to use as a wedding band . Nothing expensive as I do n't need real diamonds , they are n't that important to me . This is perfect . The picture I have does n't do it justice . The shine is beautiful and the diamonds do look real . It 's not huge and unrealistic looking . There is no way , in my opinion that anyone would know if it was real . I read some of the other feedback about this ring scratching the other fingers , I wear it with my other wedding ring and I do n't have that problem . It does n't scratch my fingers at all . I do have to say that it does scratch if you rub your face though , you may want to take the ring off in the shower or when washing your face . Other than that , I love it , it 's beautiful .
 I just wanted to let everyone to know that I received the ring faster than I expected and it couldnt have been packed any better . My wife also loved it so I couldnt be happier . I would suggest anyone thinking about doing business with this seller to do so , because of my wife being happy Im happy . Thank you again and I look foward to doing business with again .
 I really like the look of this ring . It goes well with everything . My only complaint is that it 's not the most comfortable ring to wear . Overall though , it 's not a bad buy for the money .
 This ring is exactly like the picture and it 's a good deal for the price . Sometimes the sides of the ring will scratch my other fingers and if you 're holding someone else 's hand , it will pinch .
 I wish I could give 10 stars . I LOVE this ring . Exactly what the picture shows . Also packaged very cute , like it came from a very expensive store . LOVE !!!!
 I got two to wear on either side of my 5mm yellow gold wedding band with a 1.3 karat round stone mounted on it . Just wanted a different look than my channel set diamond bands that I have worn on either side for years . At first , I thought the pave bands were too much , and took away from the solitare . I decided to wear them over the weekend with my wedding ring , and now I like them . I have received compliments as well . At first , they felt bulky compared to my other anniversary bands , but now I am used to them and they are comfortable . I am happy with the purchase . A totally different look at a very affordable price . They look much more expensive than they are .
 I was looking for something that I could wear everyday as a substitute for my wedding set when I saw this . I had my doubts based on some of the reviews I read saying that it wasnt comfortable or what was expected.I was not disappointed with this buy . It was far more than I expected and was more than worth the price . Its comfortable and very sparkly but at the same time neat and not overwhelming for me as I prefer smaller and finer jewelry.highly recommended .
 Wish this ring would come in 1/2 sizes really needed a 61/2 very well made was happy with this purchase
 Due to the variance in the other two reviews , I was hesitant to purchase this ring . However , when Amazon lowered the price to $ 11.60 on a special one-day sale , I went for it . This ring is true to size and is marked on the inside with a jeweler 's mark , and the words CZ 925 China . I looked it over carefully with a jeweler 's loup ; it is very well made , indeed having 96 inset small stones in a pave setting , which is accurately reflected by the product picture . The ring is smooth to the touch , having no rough spots ; I mention this because I purchased a similar ring from Nordstrom 's online , and it had ragged edges and nowhere near the shine that this one has . The ring is also very pretty , lightweight , and if you like sterling silver , you will like this ring .
 Just got this ring , and I absolutely love it ! We had an accident with my wedding band and the garbage disposal -LRB- wedding band lost -RRB- , so this is my ` replacement ' band until I get a new one made later this year . Wanted something in sterling silver so the color would n't turn , and LOVE the look of pave diamonds.It really sparkles , and would definitely make a great wedding band -LRB- who CARES if it 's not real diamonds ! -RRB-
 Wow , this ring sparkles more than I expected ! It truly is beautiful and for me I do n't mind wearing cubic zirconia so this is perfect . Really a great piece of jewelry for a really good price .
 This is a very pretty little ring . It 's understated , yet bright and sparkles in all different lighting . I 'm tired of my old rings and since they always spin around anyhow , I thought a nice stacking ring might add some thickness to help against the spinning . It works to some degree and also gives my old rings new life ! It 's really great because even if this ring does spin around , all you 'll ever see is sparkle .
 This lovely ring is just what I wanted to compliment a pave style halo engagement ring I have . It is not too wide and not too narrow , and it shines and matches the pave stones on my engagement ring . It 's a lovely ring for either a wedding ring , eternity ring or just to add some sparkle to your finger . It is comfortable and looks great . I love it !
 Love this ring ! Absolutely gorgeous ! Every time I wear t , people are constantly complimenting me on it . Well made also !
 I received the ring on the day it was promised . And I love this ring . The stones are very shiny and so is the silver . Very sparkling . I 've been wearing it daily and it has n't lost it 's shine like some rings do . Its texture is a little rough if you rub your face but nothing that scratches . Overall this is a great gift for yourself or someone else with a great price tag !
 I ordered this after a diamond fell out of my shared-prong eternity wedding band to wear while it was being fixed . I still have n't made it to the jewelry store yet to have the diamond reset . This ring is beautiful -- I highly recommend !
 It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it 's height and how big the diamond is and the setting
 This was my first order from Taos Trading , a gift for a dear friend , along with a hand-made chain to go with it . I was highly pleased with both the pendant and the chain - both of them are nicely styled and heavy silver . It 's a wonderful gift , even better than I 'd hoped for , and the customer service was excellent . I 'll keep coming back to them for items such as this one for both myself and others .
 I paid about ten dollars with a special promotion discount . This necklace will make a nice gift for a little girl or young lady . The quality is good for the price .
 Received the Engagement Ring much more easily and quickly than expected . Girlfriend or Fianc&eacute; absolutely loves it . I would recommend this ring to anyone ; cost is competitive and everything about it is first class .
 The necklace looks great and is a nice size . The only problem is how small the chain is . If you decide to buy it . You should also buy a new chain with it . Unless you plan to wear it occasionally , then it should n't be a problem
 This is one of several items I purchased from same seller and both were excellent purchases . Wife was thrilled .
 I gave this gift to my freinds daughter as a sweet 16 birthday gift nd she actually treasures it , especially because her birthay is in june so it worked out perfect .
 I am glad that I did not read the reviews that others posted regarding this necklace before I purchased it!I think that the pendant is just beautiful ! The Ruby stones are a gorgeous strawberry red . The silver and gold metal combination on the pendant is really striking.The pendant looks just like what is shown in the photo , so if you like the photo , you will like the pendant also.I would recommend this necklace !
 This is the perfect necklace to wear everyday . It is not danity but simple and elegant . I gave these to my sister and a friend and they love it too ! Plus you really ca n't beat the price !
 my sister loved this neckalace . i thought the pendant would be a little smaller , but overall still pretty .
 I ordered this necklace , expecting a basic heart necklace . To my surprise it is a verty pretty piece of jewelry and although I ordered it for my 4-year old daughter , I wo n't hesitate to use it myself . Super shiny and surprisingly heavy/sturdy which you ca n't tell by the picture . The heart is solid sterling silver , not hollow -LRB- with the exception of the hole where the chain goes through -RRB- . Very well made.For $ 10 it was a great bargain . I 'd be willing to pay more .
 I love this , it 's the perfect size , a solid weight & a good value . It 's almost like a choker length but still on the medium to delicate side .
 The necklace is beautiful . I found the chain a perfect length since I 'm still nursing and it 's just short enough that my baby ca n't rip it off me . Also at $ 16 -LRB- I got it on sale -RRB- it 's a fabulous deal . Even at full price it would be a great gift for any girl .
 I bought 3 of these thinking that I would give them all as Christmas gifts , but I ended up keeping one for myself because once I saw it in person , I love it ! Totally a steal for its price .
 heya im onli 12 and i just had mi belly button dun yeaterday !! it s lukz kwl i got tht belly bar but instead of it being silver its pink ! i think tht barz kwl and u shud all deffo get 1 wiv a coloured stone at the top aswel it lukz amazing !!!! GET UR BELLYZ DUN ! IT DUNT HURT HEHE ! :-RRB- lv gabz xxxxxxxxxxxx
 He so I 'm the first to review this ay ? Well I myself would never ever ever ever get a belly piercing so I heard this from my friend . A friend of mine recently searched for paris hilton collection items and this one turned out to suit her the most ! It was pretty small , suitable for a tanned body and really cheap !!!!!!! So guess what since its winter back in Aus she 's still wearing this priceless belly button ring under her clothes and its hypo allergic my friend says . Its really good and nothing has fallen out ... yet since it 's kinda small but I 'm jealous ! It 's really good . It stands out
 Bought as a gift for my girlfriend last week . She loved the very bright color of the stone . She is a little short and this belly ring is a little on the long side so it does look big on her but she said she really liked it and the size didnt bother her . I received this in 3 days , I would definitely buy from Body Candy again with how fast they sent this ring .
 Same color blue as shown . A little long but still fits well . Only Complaint is that the silver seems a little more dull than the picture but otherwise I am very satisfied with the product . My item arrived quickly and the company was in touch . I 'll definitely purchase from this seller again .
 Personally , I like this kind better . It does n't stick out and you do n't feel a thing . I prefer sapphire because it 's my birthstone.HOLLA BACK !
 These earrings are gorgeous . I love them . They were received promptly and I would buy from this seller again .
 I have never been disappointed from this buyer , nor their products . I appreciate doing business with them and will continue to do so .
 Very , very cute & sexy , with very bright shiny color . True to image , and is just super : -RRB-
 Needed 6 inches of these to enlarge an old pearl necklace I got from Japan in the early 70 's . Jewelry store tried to dye white ones to match . Looked lousy . I found these ... perfect match and much less expensive than the poor ones from the jewelry store .
 This item came in a timely manner and I got what I paid for . It was a little smaller than I had imagined and the necklace was pretty cheap , but the stone looks really good on my girlfriend . She wears it out a lot and has gotten complemented at work on it .
 Been looking for a smokey topaz for quite sometime to go with a necklace I had bought for my Mom , and found this . It 's a beautiful design , nice fit .
 This ring was just as the picture and description said . It is a very beautiful ring and it is true to size also !! This is my birthstone and have been wanting a ring for a while . Saw this one and am so glad my husband decided to give it to me for my birthday !!!
 Really love this - good color - stone is large , but not too large . Great quality
 Bought this ring loved the way it looked . More beautiful in person . Is a little large but not overbeiring . Stone is clear and brilliant . No trouble with the prongs like one of the other reviews . I would recommend this ring with out a doubt .
 This ring is very sturdy . Stone/band are well-made . The only problem is , I did n't view stone/band sizes when I placed the order . Although it 's a very nice ring , the stone and band are much larger than I wanted . I contacted Gem Avenue , and they replied promptly . I planned on returning the ring , but there was a death in the family , so I did n't have time or inclination to bother with jewelry , wrap , forms , go to the PO , etc. . But , it was n't the fault of Gem Avenue . Like I said , they responded within 24 hours of my email.My advice is , learn stone and ring sizes before placing orders . If a stone/band is larger or smaller than one likes , it takes time and money ` shipping ' to get an order resolved .
 Just recieved my Ring , packaged safely , no damage , I recieved it within 5 days of order , The page description of this Ring does n't give a clear picture of this Fabulous Ring at a Fantastic price ... The Ring is a High Gloss Polish , Ring stands 10 mm from top of finger , Quartz Stone is Clear , Great Color , Great cut loaded with sparkle , Quartz measures 10x15 mm , Mounting prongs are neat and not raised as other reviews have stated , has approx 40 Clear 1 mm CZ Stones ... for a petite hand this Ring could be over whelming , recommend wearing on the middle finger to balance appearance on hand ... An Extreme Value for the Top Notch Style and Workmanship ... Buy one for yourself and a Friend . . !!!!! Works well for a Man or a Woman ...
 I have had this navel ring for a few months now and it has held up well . It 's a low-profile piece of jewelry that does not show underneath or catch clothing . Just be warned that the stone has a slight pinkish hue .
 I like this belly ring because it 's simple and pretty . It does n't catch on things which is nice . The crystals are shimmery without being flashy . Had a little reaction to it at first but used Bactine and Neosporin to help it heal .
 THIS WAS BOUGHT FOR MY NEICE AND SHE LOVES IT !!! SHE AND I LOVE THE BLING-BLING !!!!
 This looks very nice for the price . I would recommend getting this one on here then going to the store .
 It was better than expected ! The gem is really pretty , and the metal did not irritate my piercing ! Definitely a good purchase .
 Very happy with the look and the quality . My wife noted that the string was knotted , and we were pleased that the lovely flower-shaped clasp was coated to avoid tarnishing . She 's still having fun wearing variations on the set -LRB- wore just the earrings and bracelet today without the necklace -RRB- . I had been concerned that the 18 '' `` princess '' length might be too short , but it turned out to be the perfect length for her .
 My wife loves this necklace - she loves dragonflies . It really is a gorgeous piece of jewelry , and I love the way she looks with it on . Very brilliant and colorful . A tiny negative
 I originally purchased this as a gift , but when I opened the little blue box , I could not bear to part with it ! It is much prettier in person than the picture gives it credit for . The white , yellow and rose gold blend perfectly . The detailing is beautiful . This is a great gift for a dragonfly lover , or any jewelry lover .
 I purchased these earrings for a gift , and they were very nice . They are heavy , and the clasp holds well . My friend really enjoyed them .
 I wanted a white gold , no bale , diamond cross , that had straight sides , that measured 3/4 of a inch -- very specific . This was perfect I thought , BUT it is a 1/2 inch NOT the 3/4 inch as advertised . Since it has no bale , this should have been corrected in the info . It is beautiful though , delicate , and as long as you knwo what size it is -- it is perfect . I was dissapointed , as I had a specific size in mind , but aside from that , it is beautiful.I am giving it a 5 star review , because of itself , it deserves that -- BUT -- get out a tape measure , and know , it is a half inch only . Beautiful .
 I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores , and could not find any better for the price . It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery . My girlfriend loved them , and she has already got compliments on them , the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws , but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished . The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose , fell off fairly easily , -LRB- the first time this happened we thought it broke -RRB- because the gap on the eye hook was too big , but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free . But all the other eye hooks looked fine .
 My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter . The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention , but in an understated way . The set even arrived quicker than expected , especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush . We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well .
 I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores , and could not find any better for the price . It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery . My girlfriend loved them , and she has already got compliments on them , the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws , but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished . The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose , fell off fairly easily , -LRB- the first time this happened we thought it broke -RRB- because the gap on the eye hook was too big , but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free . But all the other eye hooks looked fine .
 My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter . The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention , but in an understated way . The set even arrived quicker than expected , especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush . We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well .
 I will have to admit , at first i thought it would not be all that nice because of the price . But i have to tell you that after i recieved the ring through the mail i wass very supprised and very pleased . I will definatly pass information on to all my friends and let them know how easy it was to find exactly what i was looking for from Amazon .
 I purchased about five of these jewelry boxes to give to my bridesmaids before my wedding . They 're absolutely beautiful ! Each one is hand carved and unique ... perfect for what I was looking for . They also shipped very fast . Five stars !!!
 Great item and I 'm still wearing it , love Marcasite jewerly and wash dishes sometines be forgetting I have it on .
 The ring and its color looks very nice but less durable than the other rings and products purchased from Gem Avenue . It broke into several pieces when my hand just routinely brushed against an strong surface . This however does not deter me from buying more items from this vendor . Their pricing is far better than local vendors with similar products and my shattered ring is unfortunate but no where near being some huge loss . My other purchases from Gem Avenue balance things out .
 Items came early and were as advertized . I bought several of these rings and find them fun towear .
 Color was similar to that pictured on the sale site , maybe a little more toward orangy-red . Has held up well with the wearing .
 Both rings appear like they are depicted and are holding up rather well ... I am enjoying my purchase and would recommend it to others ...
 I really like these rings . The ones of this color that I have bought are red , not orange , but they do vary a little -LRB- one I bought is darker than the other -RRB- . It is holding up well , I wear them every day and it has not chipped or cracked .
 I am in love with this ring . It 's a beautiful solid red ring with slight variation of other colors . It 's it is also durable , I know I see a few reviews saying that when the ring fell it shattered . Mine has fallen from me a few times and I am glad to say it is still in one piece . If you 're looking for a casual everyday ring this is it .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HD5A3C/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis is a fabulous little ring . The color is true , with both red and some orange . It fits beautifully and looks great on the hand -LRB- I use it for my middle finger -RRB- . I needed a carnelian ring to match a necklace and earrings I had just purchased as a gift ; guess I will have to get another ring 'cause I am keeping this one !
 I love this ring as well as the others I have bought from them . It has markings inside it that came from the stone this was made from and I love wearing its a 6 and a little to big but I still wear it when I can . I adore this ring and its unique qualities .
 This ring is really gorgeous ! I 've always wanted a red thumb ring and this one is great to wear with almost any colored outfit . It just pops !
 I purchased two carnelian 6MM band rings as ring guards for my diamond ring . They look nice on either side of the diamond and are quite noticeable . The color is a typical carnelian color of a rich , rusty red , and the rings seem durable enough to wear for dress or casual ; however , I would not wear these to do manual labor , gardening , or something such as racket ball as they are a little delicate like the description says . I have had these bands for several weeks , and so far they have worn and held up well .
 I love the rings in all the colors . The ring is durable to me . I would always order from Gems . Great company .
 I actually purchased two rings because I was so worried that the first would break after just a day or two . I have been wearing it non-stop . I even sleep and shower in it . I feel it is very sturdy and the thickness of the band gives me confidence that it wo n't shatter , no matter what I do . Perhaps the manufacturer has changed the width of the ring based on prior reviews but I would say that it 's a sturdy band , and now I have one to wear and one to give as a gift !
 I am quite satisfied with this ring , and I would recommend it to anyone looking for carnelian jewelry , or any Leo looking for birthstone jewelry.l -RRB-
 I ordered the product and received just what I was expecting within three days . It is fragile but we 're told that in the product description before ordering . So far I 've had no problem with the ring . It 's fine for everyday use just take it off it you 're doing something that may cause it to rub or scrape too often . I 'm happy with it .
 I wear this ring in place of my engagement ring when the situation calls for a less ostentatios option . It 's comfortable and I love it .
 PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING . ITS HARD TO TELL WHEN A RING IS 6MM OR 5MM FOR I HAVE A FEW OF BOTH AND THEY AR N'T ALL THE SAME SIZE SO I 'M NOT SURE WHICH WIDTH I LIKE THE BEST.JUST HOPE I DO N'T BREAK IT .
 This is another beautiful band from Gem Avenue . The color is Carnelian and is supposed to be orange/red . The color is beautiful and I love wearing it .
 This jewelry was exquisite , however , I am a petite person and it was very heavy . I sent it back .
 I bought these satin cords for my daughter who is very happy with my purchase . She said the quality was good and liked that they are adjustable .
 I really wanted only a black satin cord , but this price for three cords was the best deal I found . The satin and little bit of silver appear to be high quality - the silver is very shiny . I would recommend this merchant and I would not hesitate to do business with them again .
 THIS NECKLACE IS DIAMOND CUT AND VERY PRETTY . I BROUGHT SEVERAL OF THEM FOR GIFTS AND NOW I MIGHT KEEP ONE FOR MYSELF . THE HEART REALLY IS N'T THAT BIG BUT THE DROP OF THE NECKLACE IS JUST RIGHT , IT 'S VERY CUTE NOT TO FLASHY AND COULD BE WORN TO THE OFFICE OR FOR NIGHT ON THE TOWN . I THINK THIS IS A NICE LITTLE NECKLACE IF YOU DECIDE TO GET THIS ONE YOU WILL BE SURPRISE ALSO .
 I love this ring ! I was originally looking for a plain thin gold band , but when I saw this as a gold box deal I decided to buy it for myself instead . For the price , I was n't expecting much , but I was pleasantly surprised -LRB- shocked even -RRB- when I opened the box . The stone is very tiny , but clear and pretty . It 's dainty enough that it does n't look like an engagement ring . It 's perfect if you just want something really simple and subtle for your right hand . It 's too soon to really tell , but it seems like it 's well made . I 'm very impressed !
 Adorable little ring . It has a nice size crown that displays the little diamond chip . It sits on your finger and just sparkles . It has a very good cut . I examined it . Amazon 's product details are very clear on the color and clarity of this ring . Mine looks suprisingly good . It does n't have a bunch of metal and beading around the diamond trying to make it look larger . This ring is not trying to be anything else , but a petite diamond . The band is thin ... about 1/16 of an inch . It 's solid , but very thin . This ring would look good on the thumb or baby finger . Part of the ring 's charm is that it 's a solitare and so dainty . It 's not something you see very often . One word of caution though , do not buy this as an engagement ring unless you 're absolutely sure she likes very small diamonds . I know some women do .
 This is not the kind of ring for you if you want something ostentatious . It is beautiful though , thin band and very small diamond , but still very elegant and eye-catching . I love to see how it looks in my hand ... !! I hope this helps you if you 're considering buying it .
 its real pretty small and peite just how i like to see a ring not a bulky thing
 This armoire is perfect , just what I needed to take all the clutter off 3 dressers with all my jewlry holders and boxes ! The is even some shelves to I put my perfume in ! Very spacious and beautiful to look at ! It is very sturdy and was packed very well for shipping.The only complaint is that when putting it together , the very first brackets , the holes were drilled wrong to screw in the brakets for the lower shelf . I had to do it myself .
 I am very pleased with this ring . It was a lot larger than I had anticipated , but it came quickly and was packaged nicely . I would definitely purchase from this retailer again .
 This is a simple ring but I love the color and it 's very comfortable . Nice for the price and great that it comes in my size .
 I have only recently acquired an interest in men 's jewelry so I am still learning a lot . I bought a titanium ring thinking that it was indestructible but after only a month or so there is a lot of noticeable scratching . After reading about tungsten carbide I was intrigued , but I did n't want to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars on something without knowing I liked it or not . Plus it was hard to believe some of the claims about tungsten carbide . So you can imagine my surprise when I saw a tungsten ring for only $ 29.99 on Amazon -LRB- plus I was lucky that it was the right size ! -RRB- . Anyways I did order it and it came noticeably faster than what I was told . Let me tell you , I love this ring ! I intentionally got a plain , shiny finish so I could see how well it stood up to time and punishment . I have only had it a few weeks now , but I am amazed at how strong this metal is . The only slight mark I can see on it is a very slight sort of blemish -LRB- which is not noticeable unless closely scrutinized under very bright light -RRB- where I tried to vigorously tried to scratch it with a titanium spork -LRB- sorry , it was in the name of science ! -RRB- . The moral of the story is that this is an absolute steal for $ 29.99 and I look forward to wearing this ring for years to come ! Thank you ! P.S. Also the rounded shape of the ring makes it very comfortable on the hand as well as not being destructive . My previous ring had a sharp edge and could really hurt if scratched against the body . My advice would be to take this into consideration before buying any ring .
 What a great deal for a great product . So happy with how cute this set is . Perfect for mothers day!Shipped so fast ... thanks !
 I have had the ring for about a month , and wear it almost daily . For the price , it was a good purchase and I am pleased .
 I have had the ring for about a month , and wear it almost daily . For the price , it was a good purchase and I am pleased .
 My daughter loves it and wears it all the time along with the hamsa necklace in the same line .
 They are so beautiful !!! If you love the color of london blue topaz then you will love these earrings . The picture does not do them justice . They also arrived in a very timely manner !!!
 floored my girlfriendstill gets rave comments from strangers everydayamazing qualityamazing customer serviceamazing dealamazon is THE place for engagement rings
 Pros
 I ordered this for a Christmas gift and was very pleased when it arrived . It was individually wrapped and came in a very nice gift box . Another item I ordered arrived broken , and when I sent it back , the replacement arrived within a couple of days . So I feel very confident buying from this company in the future due to their great customer service . The only thing to be aware of is that the necklace is only 16 '' long .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this item . The London Blue Topaz is the perfect size , with nice clarity and color . A new favorite at a reasonable price .
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 The photo does not do this piece justice . An adorable bracelet that is sure to get compliments .
 This is a very lovely and pretty bracelet . The colors are striking with black , grey and light baige moddled together .
 I really liked the color , and the price was great . The only thing I thought that the clear swirl would be even all around . Mine is only off to one side . I do n't know if it 's was made to be like that or if they all look different . For the price you ca n't really complain though .
 The anklet was exactly as shown . Good quality and excellent service . I would buy from them again .
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 Needed 6 inches of these to enlarge an old pearl necklace I got from Japan in the early 70 's . Jewelry store tried to dye white ones to match . Looked lousy . I found these ... perfect match and much less expensive than the poor ones from the jewelry store .
 So cute , adorable . I love this charm stands color to my bracelet swell as a cute little smile . I highly recommend getting this . Very well made and I have had no problems with it .
 I got two of these as gifts and was VERY pleased with the price -LRB- especially -RRB- but the QUALITY and beauty of this bracelet . Wish I would have ordered one for myself ! Very unique looking - worth every penny .
 This earrings are well-made , very shiny , and perhaps larger than you would think . However , it you are like me and earrings simply disappear in your hair , these earrings are for you ! They will be noticed .
 I bought these earrings for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she absolutely loved them . Very nice , looks much more exspensive than what I paid for them . She was heartbroken when the dog ate one of them , so I am back today to purchase another pair -LRB- too bad they are n't still on sale ! -RRB- Maybe this will get my sweet ` grand-dog ' out of the dog house !!
 I have to give these necklaces 5 stars . I bought it in all three colors ~ blue , green and amber -LRB- I 'd call it brown -RRB- . They look just like the pics . For $ 5 I really do n't expect much and am rarely disappointed !! I was really quite pleasantly surprised at the workpersonship -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . They are cute and fun and $ 5 ! What 's not to love ??
 This was a great piece , the duality of the slide is just what I was looking for - though I did n't know I was looking for it . Glad I was able to add this piece to my collection . Solid construction , nice weight , the stones appear to be quality . Recommended for personal satisfaction !
 This was a gift purchase that I was thrilled to give . I was so pleased with the workmanship of the pendant and the recipient was delighted.This is a substantial piece with some weight . The silver workmanship is very well done and the stones smooth and unblemished . I really like that the pendant is reversible so it is like 2 Pendants in one . I also ordered the neckchain from this same company . It is a perfect pair.I am looking at purchasing several more of these for wonderful gifts for the Holidays . AT this price point they are very affordable and look like a much more expensive piece of jewelryVery very pleased with this purchase and the items arrived promptly .
 I purchased this pendant to go with the Turquoise/Lapis model to give my wife four different looks in only two pendants . It worked too . The stone quality is lovely , the bail is large enough to slide a good sized chain through -LRB- and you will have to purchase a seperate chain as one is not included - I recommend the 16 inch Italian Sterling Silver Snake chain from Silver Insanity as great match -RRB- and not over large or small . It looks far more expensive tha it costs . A great deal .
 Received this as a gift but off course I had it in my wish list at Amazon Just love it
 This pendant was very impressive . The mother of pearl side was stunning , and the black onyx side was the perfect counter point .
 Was looking for a nice present for my mother , and decided for this pendant since she loved jewelry . This piece is gorgeous ! The picture in here does not show how beautiful this pendant is . She loves it and whenever she wears it she receives lots of compliments .
 I have a collection of pendants with various types of stones . I love them all but I absolutely adore this one . I bought mine about a year ago and I wear it all the time . It is one of my absolute favorites because it goes with just about anything and both sides are beautiful.It looks much like it does in the picture . It does not come with a chain but those can be bought cheaply . I personally recommend pairing this with a 24 '' chain because the length is perfect -LRB- I bought theSterling Silver 1.5 mm Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain 24 inch Necklace -RRB- . It falls just above the cleavage line - perfect for low-cut tops , or even for wearing over a nice blouse .
 This pendant is very cute ! The stones on mine were a bit darker than in the pics but , still pretty . More like Dark Rusy color/Hunter Green . The detail all the way around the pendant is beautiful too.I bought it 's sister necklace too -LRB- Lapiz on front and Turquoise on back -RRB- and Love them BOTH ! It 's like getting 4 necklaces for the price of 2 ! The prices are so good though , It 's really like getting 4 pendants for the price of 1 average necklace.Boo to regular necklaces . I am in love with reversibles !!!
 I just love the pendant , from the picture it looks like groundglass surface , but actually it 's polished very shine , the color is richer and deeper than the picture , very classic looking , so I decide to order the turquoise and purple reversible one , the only thing makes me uncomfortable is there is not only shipping fee but also tax , recommend it .
 I agree with the reviewer below . I love reversibles ! The colors are a bit darker than in the pictures , but otherwise it 's a beautiful piece of jewelry for the price . The only issue that I have with it is that the top part actually bends if you apply a bit of pressure . This is somewhat worrisome , but just treat it gently and you should n't have a problem .
 These earrings are beautiful and a great value . The stones are clear and the earrings are a perfect size .
 I love this pendant . It came before the estimated delivery date , packaged nicely and has nothing wrong with it . It is also a great size and hangs nicely on a leather cord .
 Love this piece of jewelry . It is complimented well by a short leathernecklace or silver chain
 I got the usual excellent quality and service when I bought this piece directly from Body Candy . Their prices are unbeatable , and in my experience , the quality is exactly the same as pieces you could pay much more for in a piercing shop -LRB- often , literally the exact same pieces of jewelry -RRB- . I think the photography on this piece is a little odd . A labret , no matter where you wear it , wo n't primarily be seen from the side , and it 's hard to tell what the colors of the ball will look like when shown at this angle , one on top of the other . To make it a little clearer , what you 'd see looking down at the ball from the top would be a pinwheel of two different greens
 Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived . It has held up great , no tarnish or fading or wear showing . It was a great purchase !!
 The pill box was very nice . It had intricate designs on the top and was nice and heavy , I had brought it as a gift and had to return it because it was too small for the giftee 's pills.The return policy was excellent .
 We were a bit worried about buying a platinum band over the internet , but it turned out great . We got just what we wanted , a 95 % platinum band , with comfort fit at 1/3 of the mall store prices !
 This is the PERFECT RING , especially if your girl is the `` simple type '' ... better yet ... It 's more than enough if she is ... so give her what she deserves ... mine loved it ... and it looks great , and feels great . PLATINUM ...
 I purchased two of these rings for my wedding , the 6mm and the 4mm . Both of these rings exceeded my expectations . I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern . Past that , here are a few points :1 -RRB- THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950
 Bought the Tiffancy milgrain band -LRB- $ 1250 -RRB- and this band . After determing that they were nearly identical -LRB- and both are 950 platinum -RRB- , I decided to return the Tiffany ring and keep the Amazon ring.Since this is comfort fit -LRB- the middle of the inside of the band is thicker -RRB- , if you were sized for a traditional fit ring , order 1/2 size smaller .
 I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5 mm for myself . Both rings are stamped `` PLAT 950 '' . The craftmanships is awesome , beautifully detailed milgrains . You ca n't beat this price !
 I purchased this ring as a wedding band . I did a lot of shopping both online and in stores , and found that this series of rings from Amazon.com was the best value . The ring is beautiful ! The detail of the milgrain is impeccable , and to get a platinum ring at this price is pretty amazing .
 I was so amazingly surprised the picture on the web did not do it justice.The Light Blue Opal is beautiful with my daughters blonde hair.Thank You .
 I wish Peora would have like most of the other ring sellers and have you choose a size instead of just Size 12 ... I bought this ring for the size since I do n't want to wear rings on my ring finger and am not a thumb person.So I bought this ring and another thinking at least they will fit.They fit well and look amazing.The silver is .952 sterling silver.The Swiss Topaz -LRB- December birthstone -RRB- is stunning.Even if the topaz is fake -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- it is still an awesome ring.Very happy .
 I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5 mm for myself . Both rings are stamped `` PLAT 950 '' . The craftmanships is awesome , beautifully detailed milgrains . You ca n't beat this price !
 I just received this wedding band in the mail . It is so nice and very very comfortable . An excellant price for platinum .
 I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have , sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great . I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon 's reputation I could take that chance . This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store . It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine . Basically , what you see is what you get . It looks exactly the same as the picture . I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want . You will also realize what a great price Amazon has ! I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I love this bracelet . I bought it for a friend as a birthday gift and I think I will buy another for myself . The color is nice , not too `` lime '' as I was originally afraid and the clasp on the bracelet keeps it secure . Its trendy and inexpensive ... A must have !
 Well made , stunning piece . Incredible service from this store ! Beautifully presented . I will buy here again .
 I purchased for my daughter at her request as birthday present and she was very very pleased with it . I can tell after many years which are pleased but just to please me or presents she really likes . This one she really liked . Thanks
 this has to be by far the coolest bracelet i own ! the black cuff makes it ! it truly makes an outfit work ! everyone loves it !!
 NO , I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES . I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES ; BUT , SO AM I. WELL , ALL ANIMALS . HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON . REGARDS , DH
 Gave these to my niece for Christmas . She loves frogs , and they were a BIG hit .
 My daughter bought these earrings for herself , and they look awesome on her . The quality of the silver and marcasite is first-rate and they hang perfectly on her ears . Thank you for a quality product at a reasonable price !
 NO , I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES . I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES ; BUT , SO AM I. WELL , ALL ANIMALS . HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON . REGARDS , DH
 These earrings are delicate , pretty and easy to wear . The mother-of-pearl and the lapis are inlaid and flush with the silver , which is not easy to see in the picture . The color of the lapis is a royal blue .
 NO , I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES . I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES ; BUT , SO AM I. WELL , ALL ANIMALS . HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON . REGARDS , DH
 Loved this ring a lot . It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store , but the Amazon price beat them all . Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched . Well , that 's may be true . The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished -LRB- shiny -RRB- can be scratch proof.Well , buy this . You wo n't regret your choice .
 NO , I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES . I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES ; BUT , SO AM I. WELL , ALL ANIMALS . HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON . REGARDS , DH
 I bought this pendant for my wife , and she was really happy with it . The clasp holding the garnet is quite sturdy , and the snake chain is the perfect length . All in all , a nice piece of silver jewelery .
 Good quality celtic necklace . Really pretty and shiny . The garnet is not too red . I bought it for my sister for her birthday , garnet is her birthstone and she loved it . She still wears it .
 Shopping in the internet age is a little more treacherous , if we rely on the digital world for our reality we will descend immediately into a nether-world that will be almost impossible to get out of . But sometimes we come up with something that transcends expectations . Thank you .
 Very nice piece with very nice chain . It is lighter in weight than I expected but it is a nice size . Lovely detail on the cross portion , great for everyday wear but may be too detailed for Ren Faire . Chain is lovely as well . Garnet is well set , centered . Overall a nice piece .
 This is a very nice finish ruby cross very happy with purchas . a little larger than I thought it was going to be .
 Body of the shoe is whiter than it looks . But the stones are also shinier than they look . Overall I liked this charm , but it does look a little different in person .
 came in good protective packaging and was exactly what I expected it to be . thank you for your prompt service .
 Very adaptable to lots of outfits , delicate , perfect length , and love the leverbacks that prevent loss of earrings . Thanks !
 I 'm delighted with these earrings ; I 'm wearing them as I type this review . The leverback style means no worries about losing an earring , and the crystals catch the light .
 I fell in love this bracelet , and I received it as a birthday present in October . By November , I had already had the feathers re-attached twice . Unfortunately , during a trip the grocery store I managed to break the feathers off for good . I only could find one caught in my jacket , so there was no point in reattaching just one . I tried to contact the seller to ask for another feather -LRB- I offered to pay ! -RRB- , but I got no response . So I had the feather made into a necklace charm -LRB- which is super cute -RRB- and addedA Little Howling Wolf Charm in Sterling Silverfrom the Silver Dragon . The bracelet is still cute without the feathers , and much less dangerous -LRB- ! -RRB- , but it definitely lost some of its character .
 Sterling Silver winged heart turquoise cuff bracelet great buy . Good price fabulous look .
 This turned out to be a wonderful gift . I was really pleased with the quality and my Mother was very proud of it . I hasitate to buy jewerly and have it sent directly to my Mother but this was a wonderful surprise and now I will do it again ...
 Got it when I was supposed to and the ring is exactly as seen , no rough or jagged edges , comfortable to wear . I get compliments on it all the time . Very cool ring . Good value for the money .
 This ring not only looks good . . very delicate looking and was a tiny bit afraid it might not be durable . . I leave my rings on all of the time . . this ring is very well made and does n't even bend if you try -LRB- and yes I tried -RRB- . . Gem Ave is where I buy all my rings they come packaged so well for gift giving in small wrapped looking boxes with bows . . always great products and promt delivery . . This might just be my favorite ring I have ever had . . I have very long thin fingers and it goes up to the knuckle -LRB- I wear on my ring finger -RRB- and does not interfere with your finger movement at all . . SO glad I bought this and what a super price for such a quality ring !!
 I 'm very pleased with this ring . It looks like silver lace and is very comfortable . I always get compliments when I wear it . I thought it might be uncomfortable because it is longer , but it is the most comfortable ring I own .
 i ordered this ring on a saturday and it came the following thursday afternoon . i absolutely love this ring so much ! it fits nicely and is so PRETTY . i am SO happy i bought it ! i came in a small cute box ! i would DEFINITELY recommend it !
 I fell in love with this ring immediately . The look , quality , and fit is great ! The only thing I do n't like is after I 've worn it for awhile it leaves a mark on my finger . : -LRB-
 If this is the type of ring you are looking for , then this ring is an absolute must to have . I had been looking for something on these lines for sometime and was really thrilled when I saw it and have not been disappointed .
 I fell in love with this ring the moment I bought it ! it is amazing!the band is perfect because I always end up breaking the thin bands , and the front of it is amazing , the store that I bought it from were great at getting it to me as well , I will deffinatly buy from them again ! The ring is amazing thank you guys soo much !
 I have a tattoo on my ring finger -LRB- Awful choice -RRB- , but I have been looking for months now for a ring big enough to cover it up that I could leave on 24/7 without the ring tarnishing . Not only is the ring a perfect size and a great price , I have been wearing it for about a week now and there is n't a mark on it . I wore it in the shower every day , washing dishes , washing my hands , household chores , etc. . I would reccomend this to anyone .
 This Ring is beautiful , big and bold . I have had so many compliments on this ring.It was a Great price , and I 'm very happy.Thanks again Amazon !!
 My order required a return and despite talking to multiple people , every one was helpful and happy . Will do more business with them !
 I have been searching for a substantial ring like this one but one that is also not `` clunky '' because of it 's size . This ring has a delicate lace pattern that is absolutely beautiful and in spite of the size , it 's probably the most comfortable ring I own -LRB- and I have quite a few -RRB- ! Although it appears delicate , it is a very sturdy ring so I 'm not afraid to wear it every day . The shaping of the ring just `` molds '' around my finger beautifully ; it 's almost like it was custom made ! The price was simply amazing and I 've got to honestly admit , I did n't think it would be the quality it is at that price . I am super pleased and definitely will be back for more from Gem Avenue .
 This sterling silver ring looks nice and elegant . The picture really does n't do the ring justice - The real thing has better quality and appears to be shinier.I particularly favor the floral design . Anyway , this is one of the most stylish jewelry I 've ever had , so I would highly recommend it .
 this bracelet is a great deal for what u get , it is very dark n black so canbe worn with black diamonds or black spinel . the clapse is solid n secure , though oddly flat , but nothing that takes away from the overall design . if u r looking for a ` black diamond ' look tennis bracelet , then this is it .
 Very happy with my purchase !! This ring is very beautiful , sparkly and shiny ! Looks like the real thing ! Top quality !!!!
 This is an awesome looking ring . My family and friends love it as well as I . Not only is it very nice to look at but it is also made well . It will give me and all who see it many years of gazing enjoyment .
 I love this ring ! My birthstone is Ruby and it appeared that color in the picture . When it arrived , it has a slightly more pink tone , however , it is still very nice and I like it . I ordered a size 8 for a thin thumb ring and it was a perfect fit . Fast shipping and great service . I will most definitely buy from this seller again !
 I had a mother of pearl bracelet with rectangular stones/shells and searched for the perfect earrings to go with it . These are about an inch long and match perfectly ! Love them . Shipping was speedy .
 Wonderful purchasing experience . Beautiful quality . Prompt service . Would definitely purchase other items from this seller in the future .
 Simple , classic styling makes this earcuff suitable for wear to all occasions .
 I was totally surprised by the quality and beauty of the earrings that I ordered for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas . They looked nice online and thought for the price if they are n't as `` nice '' as they looked , well , it was still okay ... then I got them ... they are BEAUTIFUL !! They come in an adorable box with a decorative rose and ribbon . I did n't even have to wrap it for Christmas-it 's was gift ready !! I am COMPLETELY satisfied and look forward to future orders with Peora . I highly recommend Peora 's jewelery . We received the order quickly and did n't have any problems at all . My daughter was THRILLED !
 Bought this pendant as a gift and thought it looked far more expensive that it actually was.Very proud to give this to a good friend who loved the gift.The seller provided a first class service too .
 Bought this pendant as a gift and wanted something that looked expensive and well made without paying a fortune and I was not disappointed .
 This is a gorgeous bracelet , and it 's not very expensive . I ordered just a few days ago , and already it has arrived . It came with a lovely little blue jewelry bag . I 'm giving this as a gift to my mother-in-law , and I 'm sure she 'll adore it.Great service and fine products thru Silver Insanity . I will definitely order from them again .
 I 'm a musician and I 'm always looking for unique way to express myself . This nose ring is perfect and highly recommend buying from this seller !!
 in good conditioneasy to uselooks exactly like the picture and is an amazing trick on all friends haha ; D
 This was just the right size and shape for my charm bracelet . My grand-daughter loves lady bugs and this reminds me of her everytime I wear it . It is perfect - on time and just what we wanted .
 It is quite lovely . The way it was in a velvet pouch inside the box was a nice touch too . Very good quality . I would purchase from this seller again .
 The charm is very nice quality . It came with a little velvet pouch which made it a good and special gift .
 I just love this little lady bug charm - the size and workmanship are just perfect . This size fits my charm bracelet so well and just looks great with the other charms .
 Item looks exactly as pictured.To my opinion it is too expensive for its size though .
 I purchased this lady bug charm to celebrate the birth of my little granddaughter , Ava . It is delicate and ` charming ' just as Ava is !
 I am very pleased with my pendant . It 's a beautiful piece that I can wear everyday or on a special occasion . Larger jewelry does n't work for me - so the size of this pendant is perfect . It was a nice gift to myself .
 I love this little necklace . It is silver and was very inexpensive . It arrived literally in one day . That was great !
 This is a lovely jewelry item , and looks even prettier `` in person '' than in the picture .
 This ring is a marvelous silver replica . If you look at it with a magnifying glass , you 'll see all the little ornaments are crafted in detail , like the strings of minuscule dots on either side of the ring.When the ring gets a little tarnished , do n't use a silver cleaner but take a soft cloth and rub the ring carefully .
 This was a great ring . It looks just like the picture . I get compliments all the time .
 Absolutely beautiful !!! So happy I bought it as a Christmas gift for my daughter . True to size , nicely made , good quality , super sparkely :-RRB- !
 This ring is very pretty and wears well . I 've got a lot of compliments on it and it is a nice addition to my jewelry box .
 My sister bought this ring and I just fell in love with it . We both have a Tiffany look-alike Palm Tree Necklace and this ring goes with it perfectly . Great quality ring and no one will ever know you 're not wearing real diamonds.Liz McBurlington , NJ
 This ring is a marvelous silver replica . If you look at it with a magnifying glass , you 'll see all the little ornaments are crafted in detail , like the strings of minuscule dots on either side of the ring.When the ring gets a little tarnished , do n't use a silver cleaner but take a soft cloth and rub the ring carefully .
 This was a great ring . It looks just like the picture . I get compliments all the time .
 This ring is a marvelous silver replica . If you look at it with a magnifying glass , you 'll see all the little ornaments are crafted in detail , like the strings of minuscule dots on either side of the ring.When the ring gets a little tarnished , do n't use a silver cleaner but take a soft cloth and rub the ring carefully .
 This was a great ring . It looks just like the picture . I get compliments all the time .
 This charm is without flaw . Very nice detail . 3-dementional and nicely polished and finished . Would buy this again for sure
 It 's a very nice looking charm . I wear it on my charm bracelet . Before buying it I was thinking the top of the umbrella was silver , but it 's white enamel .
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 I love these . The only fault is a hollow back but it 's hard to find solid sterling and they are super cute anyway .
 I bought 3 pair of these as gifts and they are adorable ! They are small but are very easy to wear all day and look precious . The people I bought them for wear them often . Silver Insanity shipped them quickly and for a great price .
 The earrings are very cute , I just find them a little on the small side . Otherwise , totally satisfied !
 I liked how cute & dainty they are , as well as my bf loves tortoises , so it was win/win ! : P
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 Yes , the cross is quite delicate and prone to breakages , but this is a piece of jewlery and not a toy . I have had mine for several years now . I always remove mine last thing at night for safe keeping .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 I was thoroughly thrilled with these art deco maracasite earrings . They were all I expected and more , & am looking forward to wearing them on many more occasions than just the special one that I bought them for .
 They are the right size but everybody notice them . They are beautiful is a great , great buy .
 The earings co-insighted with a necklace that was given to a friend of mine who absolutely loved it !
 I was very pleased with the quality and delivery.With what I 've purchased through Amazon on other occasions , I 've been very pleased .
 I 'm very pleased with this item , it 's even nicer than it looks in the picture and makes a lovely addition to my charm collection.I 'm glad I bought it .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 Lapis lazuli is a beautiful stone that has been mined by man since prehistoric times . Indeed , in ancient Mesopotamia , it was considered the queen of gemstones , and was highly sought after for jewelry . Now is your opportunity to own a piece of lapis jewelry for yourself!These handsome earrings are lapis and sterling silver , and look very attractive . They look excellent with formal , semi-formal , and even informal outfits . Plus , the less you are wearing , the more important jewelry is , and these earrings always look great . I love these earrings , and highly recommend them ! -LRB- Review of Sterling Silver Dark Blue Lapis Moon Earrings -RRB-
 This pendant was exactly what I expected ! I was looking for something small - this is perfect . I wear it all the time . This is also a great size for small children .
 This is perfect for anyone who loves petite jewelry & something that 's not heavy-just enough . Also my grandchildren are just learning about God , this is a nice reminder that he is always with them . I love it ! I would have given it 5 stars but I have n't had it long enough to be sure of durability .
 The cross was smaller than I 'd expected but being as it 's for a young fella , it 's fine . It 'll most likely get lost or broken any how . IMO the cross would be an excellent size for a really young one-baby or toddler , but with a shorter chain . The chain is quite nice that it comes on .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 This charm is cute . It 's kind or plain but I do n't really mind it . Came fast in the mail . And it fit very well with my other charms .
 I have posted several reviews for different pieces of jewelry that I have purchased from Gem Avenue . I have purchased several pendants & love the ease of being able to place them on these chains . The narrow link makes it so easy to change any pendant you want to wear . The clasp is easy to use also . You can not go wrong purchasing from this site !!
 Sterling silver neclace . This was a great chain for the price and the shipping was fast .
 Very fast delivery . This chain is beautiful , high quality . Can be worn with aor without a charm . I highly recommend it .
 The 1MM Italian Diamond Cut Sterling necklace surpassed my expectations . The lobster claw clasp is sturdy and the necklace itslef is spectacular . Very shiny , fluid and overall very appealing . I had recently bought another sterling silver necklace at Macy 's for twice the price which I was n't as happy with . I will look to order more items from Gem Avenue in the future . Thank you !
 This was the perfect chain for the Cute Twin Cats pendant I ordered . It was just perfect for the cat lover in our family . I am very satisfied and thinking of ordering the pendant and chain for myself .
 We just love these chains . Whenever we purchase a piece of jewelry that comes with a terrible chain , we purchase a snake chain instead . It 's so smooth , pretty , but somehow helps to enhance the beauty of the piece -LRB- cross , etc. -RRB- that you use the snake chain with . I 'll never buy anything but snake chains ... the lobster clasp is awesome , too !
 The chain is shiny and beautiful and the clasp is very good . Great purchase . I had been looking for something like it in the stores and could n't find anything that even comes close . I received the chain within a week or less ... forget now but , it was very fast . I 'd buy from Gem Avenue again . Thank you
 My sister-in-law asked if I would order this for her oldest granddaughter . I 've heard she was thrilled with it and wears it all the time .
 I love this necklace ! I needed a chain for a pendant I already had . It is smooth and shiny . The price was incredible as well . I will probably buy the next size larger as well .
 I purchased two of these chains and the value was great , far better than any store I looked at . Not only was the value great , the chain itself seems to be of very good quality . It was a win win situation all around . I did n't have to pay a lot of money and the chain looks great and was delivered to my door . Perfect !
 Ordering jewelry online is always challenging as sometimes what you see is not always what you get . however here I am pleasantly surprised . The chain is just great , elegant and pleasing to the eye .
 I am one of those who puts on a chain and wears it for days , weeks ... ok , the last one I wore for a few years ! When my last chain finally broke after many years of abuse -LRB- LOL ! -RRB- , I found this one on Amazon . Reviews were quite good , so I ordered it . The only time I take it off is to change pendants . Seriously , I sleep with it , bathe with it , play in it , and hang my sunglasses from it . Living in the Deep South , we are still having weather in the 90 's , so the chain has even been exposed to sweat , but no sign of tarnish or dulling of any sort . I also have long hair , and have had no problems with the clasp catching or pulling . It is just as shiny and beautiful today as when I put it on a couple of weeks ago . I am very pleased with this chain and would not hesitate to recommend it to others !
 This is as noted by other reviews a lovely necklace by itself . Delicate looks yet strong . Classy but ok for casual or work or evening wear.It also richly compliments pendants , particularly the Swarovski pendants . They look great with the Sparkling Diamond Cut Sterling Silver 1MM Italian Snake Chain necklace . It is very reasonable and the pendents glide on easily as one side has a narrow clasp to easily glide on your pendants.I like the 24 inch length which is right at the top of your breast , the 30 inch length would be nice with longer sweaters at a length about bottom edge of bra or a little lower -LRB- I 've decided to order that length also . -RRB- The necklace makes a great gift and for more personalization , add a Swarovski crystal pendant . Great for teens , young ladies and women .
 This necklace is very attractive . It is very shiny and a nice thickness . However , my hair get stuck in the clasp all the time , even if it is in a ponytail it somehow finds a way to get stuck .
 I was very pleased with the quality and the speed of delivery for the 30 '' Sterling Silver necklace I ordered . I ordered it for some birthstone beads that I already had . The clasp was narrow enough to allow the beads to be threaded on . The chain was thick enough that it held the beads in a gentle arc so they did not flip flop onto each other .
 Chain is so shiny and pretty - a perfect thickness to hold a pendant , or to wear alone . I have the 24 '' length and often wear it without a pendant , having it hang below a shorter chain & pendant . It is very flexible and easy to coil up and store in a very small space . Love it !
 I got this for deployment and I am really hard on chains and have not had a problem with it . Also it is great quality for the price and pretty , who could ask for more .
 I ordered and recieved this item in the quickest time and I am so satisfied with this product . It was a gift for my 16year old daughter to wear her heart pendant -- she loves it and it looks beautiful on her ! ... thank you for the speedy delivery also !
 I bought oldest daughter a diamond cupcake pendant for Christmas but the chain that came with was too delicate . She was afraid that it would break . We picked out this beautiful chain for the cupcake . She loves it ! It 's goes perfectly with the cupcake , and she feels more confident that this chain will better protect it.Thanks .
 Last year I ordered a necklace and charm for my wife from another vendor -- while the charm was nice , the necklace turned out to be poor quality and rather unattractive.So , she stumbles upon this one and puts it on her wish list . Me , being skeptical , read the reviews and hope like the blazes that these women are telling the truth about how gorgeous this necklace truly is.I order it , and it arrives just before Christmas , as promised . It turns out to look great to even me -- a hard core `` jewelry is silly '' kind of guy . Not surprisingly , my wife absolutely loves it . She 's already commented on how sturdy the clasp is , and has gotten several compliments on the necklace.To summarize ... Gem Avenue has a great product here . You 'd be silly to pass it up .
 I purchased two of these chains -LRB- 20 in . -RRB- as Christmas presents . Both arrived quickly in perfect condition . Lookwise , these are really nice
 This was ordered as a gift . It is very high quality and extremely well received . Recommended for any age .
 I was looking for a 30 inch narrow chain to use with a pendant I bought my Mom for Christmas . I had a lot of trouble finding one until I discovered this chain on Amazon . Not only was the chain very attractive and quite sparkly , but it seemed much more expensive than it was . It fit the bill perfectly for me . It was delivered in plenty of time for Christmas and my Mom was thrilled with it .
 Just beautiful ! I love it ! And it will be just perfect for the pendants I purchased .
 This chain is awesome ! The sparkle is brilliant and it looks like an expensive piece of jewelry . The clasp is small enough to fit even my smaller pendents and the 24 '' slips over my head easily . You will not be dissapointed with this purchase .
 This was part of a gift for my fifteen year old grandaughter . it was delivered very promptly on her birthday . When the star pendant was added she said it was beautiful!Great service . Thank you .
 I am very pleased with this necklace , and the service of this company was very good . I did n't have to wait long to get this in the mail , even having used the standard shipping . The necklace is very shiny and pretty , and it looks expensive -LRB- but the price was not -RRB- . I would definately order from this company again !
 This is a great , shiny , sturdy sterling chain.SN030DC-14 Italian Sterling Silver 1MM Shiny 8 Sided Sturdy Snake 4 '' Chain Necklace .
 This chain , and this particular seller are perfect . I have ordered from Gem Avenue before and was so impressed by the first purchase that I just had to come back . This chain is beautiful , well made , the clasp is easy and also well made . No worry about it opening at all . The craftsmanship displayed in the making of and finished product of this item reflects the sellers good choice in products and my business is his .
 This is a very beautiful well made chain . I ordered 4 of these chains to replace chains on my wife 's necklaces . She loves the look and feel of these chains so much that she sometimes wears one without a pendant . This is a very good value and I highly recommend them to everyone looking for Sterling Silver chains .
 I bought this 14 '' chain and a 14 '' box chain and the snake chain is my favorite of the two . Both chains have a small end that you can put a smaller bailed pendant on them . High quality sterling silver at a great price . Makes a wonderful `` choker '' necklace of any pendant !
 It 's a challenge finding a sterling silver 14 '' snake chain . When I did a search Gem Avenue popped up and I immediately ordered this chain . It is perfect and the clasp is small enough to attach my numerous pendants . Delivery was prompt , and I will definitely purchase additional jewelery items from Gem Avenue .
 I bought a beautiful locket for my 13 yr old granddaughter without a chain . The chain I bought from Amazon is the perfect length , and looks like it was made for the locket . very satisfied .
 I am so happy with my chain it 's pretty , shiny and came very quickly ... I have no complaints whatsoever .
 My daughter returned from a trip bringing with her a silver charm in need of a chain.I looked locally but the chains I found were not worth the money they were asking for them . This chain was a good value and just beautiful . I would certainly go to this supplier again should the need arise in the future .
 I 'd LIKE TO SAY THAT THIS IS A 14 '' CHAIN AND NOT A 16 '' as ordered ... and am I happy it was n't 16 '' or it 'd be too long ... she 's very warmly satisfied .
 For the price , I was expecting something about as stiff and unyielding as one of those freebie chains that comes when one purchases a pendant . I was pleasantly surprised ; this chain is soft but sturdy , nice sparkle , too . I 've already given the seller a high rating , and I would not hesitate to purchase again in the future .
 This was a good quality piece for the price . Shipping was quick . I will be buying another chain in the future and would go to this company again .
 This is just what I was looking for to interchange with my different pendants . It is very pretty and does not overpower the pendants . I will update if I see any issues about quality but I wo n't be wearing it on a regular basis . I do plan to get them in all sizes available and actually already have the 18 '' and 20 '' sizes .
 My 18 inch necklaces were always too long but this necklace was just the right length , arrived in three days and was gorgeous for the price .
 I was looking for a decent priced necklace that was 18 inches long that was dull in color or felt dainty as I like to wear larger pendants . My husband actually ordered this necklace after I had given up the search and I must say I do love it . It has a beautiful shine and sturdy , so I dont worry about wondering if the chain has broken . Overall it is a great necklace .
 I just love Amazon . I have made many purchases and was totally satisfied with all of them.My latest purchased was just as I expected . Price was good as was the quality .
 this was a excellent buy , arrived in time and was packaged properly . very satisfied with the price and the item
 This chain is fantastic . It is smooth and classy , just the right length for a pendant . The clasp works well and feels very strong . The best part is the chain is self , it is so smooth and continuous that it can support gold or silver jewelry . Both look excellent .
 Bought this as a gift for a family member . The chain was beautiful , but more importantly it was sturdy enough for the person we were buying for . Too many chains appear either too flimsy or too bulky . This was just what we wanted , strong but sleek . Again it has a beautiful appearance and is still strong enough for our needs .
 I 'm sometimes apprehensive about non-Amazon sellers , but this product is really great . Shines , is sturdy , great price . What 's not to like ?
 Lovely ! Beautiful shine to this chain , and very well made . I have seen this type of chain for double in stores and not as nice . Great buy !
 I ordered the chain for my wife so she can finally start wearing her nice jewelry again . The charms have always been beautiful but the chains with which they came have always been flimsy & too easily broken or knotted . I needed something sturdy but light and that would n't tangle . The chain is very pretty and , compared to what I 've seen in stores , the price is excellent . She loved it and , therefore , I am very pleased .
 A very handsome chain . Very shiny , lobster clasp makes it easy to put on . Very good quality . I am very happy with it . It is a gift for my hubby . He ca n't wear our wedding ring anymore except around his neck and this chain suited it very well .
 Item delivered as described , great quality ... had no problems with metal reactions or turning as with some jewerly as I am extremely sensitive to metals to the point can only wear pure gold and silver , costume jewelry or silver with mixed metal usually turn black after short time . I have been wearing since purchase no irritation or discolorment ... if something changes will update ... but as of now I am extremely happy with purchase .
 This chain is absolutely beautiful ! The picture can not do it justice ... stunning in real life ! It was shipped quickly , packaged very safely and was presented nicely in a small silver colored cardboard jewelry box , just top with a bow and it 's ready to be given as a gift :-RRB- When I placed my order for this chain I was just expecting a typical looking piece , nothing to be excited about . When it arrived I literally smiled ear to ear at its beauty ! Sadly , I only purchased one as a gift for my sister ... so I have it give it away :-LRB- But upon seeing it I immediately added it to my own Amazon wish list and told my husband about it :-RRB- The style is very multi-functional , it can be worn with a casual pendant or a very elegant style pendant ... you could even wear the chain just by itself ... really , IT 'S THAT BEAUTIFUL ! It is extremely sleek and unbelievably shiny and seems to be quite durable with a sturdy clasp , it lays nicely around the neck without any stiffness or irregular curving ... flows with your neck/collar bone shape . Since this one is not going to be worn by me , I can not comment on how fast or if it tarnishes , but by the looks of it the tarnish -LRB- if/when it shows up -RRB- would be very easy to wipe off with a simple swipe using a jewelry cleaning cloth . Since the chain is basically one tightly linked piece there wo n't be any difficulties with having to fuss about cleaning crevices like there are with other type chains . Overall , wonderful purchase ! Incredible value for such a great price ! I would definitely recommend purchasing this for yourself or as a gift ... anyone and everyone would appreciate it !!
 This chain was just what i was looking for for my granddaughter who has curly hair . Most chains have an open link design which tends to tangle easily in hair . This one does not and looks nice and feels solid enough to last with a child .
 We bought this necklace as a gift for our daughter for christmas . Its shiny and beautiful and we are sure she will love it . good quality .
 This chain is exactly what I was looking for ! Charms slide on and off easily and it does not tangle ! I would recommend this product highly !
 i love this chain . it 's even nicer than it appeared in the photo . it 's sturdy and gorgeous and a terrific price
 I have purchased quiet a few necklaces , rings from Jem Avenue . Products are as advertised never disappointed in products or service . This is a beautiful chain if considering my advice is buy it ! I actually live in Australia and I am over the moon with the quality . Thank you
 I am so pleased with the chain necklace that we received . It is gorgeous and I highly recommend it ! I get compliments on it every time I wear it . It was a very decent price and I received it quickly . It is beautiful & I thank you .
 Purchased this chain to replace chain on a pendant that was too short . After receiving chain , found that it did not fit the pendant I wanted to use it with -LRB- my fault -RRB- . However , I like this chain so well that I used it with another pendant that I had . It is beautiful and well made . A real bargain !
 I bought this as a replacement chain for a treasured necklace . It 's actually better quality than the original and at a great price !
 Was exactly as advertised . It did tarnish quickly as is the properties of such metals . I need to use a anti tarnish finish or a quality cleanqing cloth
 Great chain at a great price . My husband loves it . Very durable and fluid . Looks really nice . Thanks Gem Avenue !
 Excellent quality . This is the second one I bought because once my sister saw it , she wanted one also . Perfect for all types of charms or pendants .
 beautiful , simple yet elegant silver chain that shines and is simple enough to have multiple charms that will compliment the necklace
 I love the way this chain falls on the neck , beautiful fluid movement . Just the length I was looking for .
 I wanted a necklace for a particular pendant so that it would hang where I wanted . This one is perfect , and I love the snake chains . They seem sturdier than some other type chains . Great purchase !
 good price , beautiful quality , and perfect shipping . She was very pleased with this gift . I would recommend this seller , and product . Unlike some other necklaces this is definitely silver . Stampings exist on clasps .
 I bought this for my daughter and she loves it . I think it is very nice . I would do bussiness with them again . I give them an A + + + + + + + + + +
 This necklace turned out to be an amazing present . Its beutiful and does sparkle when the light hits it . Its very durable and looks great with just about anything .
 I just love this necklace . It really does sparkle in the light and is extremely durable . I get a lot of complements and people can not believe it 's sterling silver , but think it is white gold . I would recommend this necklace highly .
 I needed a smart looking chain to match a medal that I had . I ordered this chain and it was exactly what I wanted ! The chain looked great with the medal . The quality and feel of the chain made it a joy to wear .
 My mother purchased this chain -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- for some medals she purchased . When they came in , they were not only beautiful but they were very sturdy . I am planning on ordering another one for some of my sterling silver charms . This company is wonderful as they sent them very quickly and were exactly as expected .
 Sparkling Diamond Cut Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Snake Chain NecklaceI have , in the past , ordered various pieces of jewelry online . Some I have been pleased with , some were eh , acceptable , and some were just downright awful.BUT THIS ONE WAS PERFECT . I bought it for my daughter , who is so picky and hard to please , that I really had my doubts.She was thrilled and so was I. -LRB- I liked it so much , she almost did n't get it -RRB- So I think I 'll order another one for myself.You can truly order this one with complete confidence .
 I agree it 's sparkly and pretty . Perfect for charms and the snake closure makes it easy to take on and off .
 I love this chain ! I got the 30 '' lengnth for layering . I am wearing it with a harmony ball I got from Bali . It looks great ! Ive been wearing it all week ! Really nicely made and it does sparkle ! It is a thin yet sturdy chain . PERFECT for layering or longer necklaces ! Fits most charms ! Ill buy from you again for sure ! Also , they ship really fast and it comes in a pretty silver little paper gift box . ! Im delighted ! THANK YOU !
 This chain looks absolutely adorable . Also , the seller shipped it amazingly fast . It was beautifully giftboxed . I will definitely buy from Gem Avenue again .
 I bought two chains and I was very happy with both of them . I think they are very good quality for the price . I wo n't hesitate to purchase again .
 I am very pleased with the quality and appearance of this necklace . I do plan to purchase more as gifts .
 The chain arrived quickly and it was better than anticipatedd . I weight it perfect but yet it is sturdy . Wonderful service .
 I love these . I need more of them . I will look for a variety of mm and length and then I 'll be ever so happy
 I bought 7 of these for my grand daughters , to replace a very dainty chain that came with the Angel Pendants I got for them . I wanted them to be able to wear their Angels without worrying about the chain breaking . So far I am Happy with these chains .
 I definately am pleased with this chain . It is sturdy and definately worth the price . I purchased it to wear with a couple of heart pendants I bought here on Amazon because the chains on them were shorter than what I like . The pendants arrived on the same day as the chain ... I am pleased and would reccomend this chain to anyone who prefers a strong chain .
 I really like this necklace . I switch this one with my pendants . So much better than having to spend way more at that &#34; box store &#34; . I 'm very happy with necklace .
 I purchased this chain to compliment a &#34; charm &#34; which was classier than the chain it came with . This chain is a perfect length and diameter . It lays very nicely and so far has not tangled .
 I love it ! Very beautiful and sturdy ... I have an 8 month old baby boy that loves to latch on to this sparkling chain . He 's definitely a test of its strength . Great price , great quality .
 I have been looking silver necklaces on many other sites , but could not find the quality and price your business offered . Your images , descriptions and prices are greaet . I will order again !
 Got the chain for my 14 year old niece . Very nice chain for the price . Would have been a better value if shipping was not as high .
 I ordered this chain to put my Celtic cross on . The chain is lovely alone as well . The diamond cut makes it very pretty . As I walk into buildings , I can see the chain sparkle in the sun light . I get many comments on this piece of jewelry . I will Be looking for more items to purchase from this company .
 i ordered this item to display a seperate pendant and it just looks amazing . i highly recommend this item to anyone looking for a silver chain . the length was a little worrying at first but it turned out perfect . it looks exquisite and i am very satisfied .
 I ordered this item based on the picture on the web site . I was n't expecting it to be quite as beautiful , but was very pleased to find quality jewelry at a very affordable price . I plan on ordering several more in different sizes . Thanks for keeping this customer happy .
 I bought one of these for my wife and one for my daughter to go with some very special pendants so of course I wanted the quality to be perfect . The low price made me wonder but the reviews convinced me to give it a try -LRB- and I was prepared to send them back had that move been a mistake . -RRB- I was not disappointed and neither were they ; in fact , we were delighted . The picture can not do the necklace justice . The shine is like liquid silver and the feel is very fluid . I have seen much more expensive necklaces that were not nearly as impressive .
 I never take my jewelry off , I wash with it , and play with it ... I have broken so many chains it 's not funny . Most necklaces and bracelets come with chains that if you sneeze wrong it 's broken and the clasps are a joke most of the time . Another reason why I stick with sterling silver now.This chain so far looks like it will go the distance , and if it lasts a year with me then you can be sure it is quality ! I will let you know . SO far it 's been a month which is still pretty good for most chains .
 This chain was so much more than I thought it could be for the price . It is just great . Get so many compliments on it .
 i was needing a chain for a st. christophers medal . this chain is perfect , very expensive looking and the shine is beautiful .
 This sterling chain is gorgeous . Very elegant and classy . It is well worth the money . It is nice to be able to order something you think is beautiful and when you get it , it actually is . I highly recommend this product .
 Because of their fantastic prices compared to the competitors , I gave Gem Avenue a try and bought six chains to go with gift pendants . I was not disappointed ! This chain had great sparkle and draped fluidly as a snake chain should . The clasp was strong -LRB- italian-type -RRB- , and the chain held the pendant securely . So pretty ! The chain , at such a great price , even came in a small gift box that could be wrapped and well-presented . Very good customer service , good delivery time . I 'm happy !
 This necklace is an amazing value and it is a really wonderful product . I ordered the 18 '' and was very impressed by the quality . I highly recommend this necklace .
 I needed a 30 '' chain and this sounded like just the thing from the description give . I was n't disappointed ! This is a quality chain that feels strong and looks really good . Not only did the chain meet and exceed my expectations , but the shipping was super fast and the transaction was flawless .
 I bought this for my wife for her birth day and she loves it . I recommend it to all !
 I bought 2 of these for my Granddaughter for Christmas . The 20 '' and the 24 '' were beautiful . They were much better looking than I expected . I bought them on sale , which was a steal . But they would be a bargain at regular price . I even bookmarked Gem Avenue on my computer for future occasions , since I have 3 Grandchildren in 3 different states . Now that I have seen the quality , I can have them ship . What a deal !!
 This 1 mm , 30-inch chain is excellent . Even better , I give my highest recommendation to the 2 mm chain , it is beyond brilliant and well worth the extra cost . The 1 mm chain works for smaller medals , the 2 mm is exceptional for larger . This is a seller I intend to work with in the future . For chain necklaces like this , it 's simple for me ... no need to go anywhere else , I will stick with Gem !
 I 've used this chain with a variety of pendants and have found it to be very versatile as well as durable . It had a nice sheen to it when it arrived that has not diminished with wear . Since it 's not particularly delicate or feminine looking , I imagine the chain would work well for females of all ages as well as younger males . The clasp is sturdy and easy to use . Overall , I think the quality is exceptional , especially when considering the price point . I like it so much , in fact , that I 'm going to order one in 22 '' .
 I bought this for our 3 year old flower girl . It was perfect . It looked pretty enough but we did n't have to worry on her losing it , the clasp was secure enough for her to run around all day . It added to the charm we used as the pendant and made it shine.Thank you Gem Avenue .
 This necklace is so much better than I expected - I did n't expect it to be so shiny and sparkly and the chain is thicker than I thought it was going to be . Really good quality necklace , very good quality silver , great for the price ! Even though the chain is a bit thicker than I thought it was going to be , the clasp is small enough so I can wear any of my pendants on this chain , even the tiniest ones , which is great - I 've been disappointed so many times in the past , when necklases I 'd ordered online had oversized clasps and I could n't wear any of my pendants on them . But thankfully I did n't have such a problem with this one - the clasp is just right , and the necklace itself is the perfect width and at 20 '' long it 's the perfect lenghth . Great look and very good quality and for the price it 's a steal !
 I wanted to let you know my story . Before purchasing this item , I purchased a chain from one of your `` competitors '' lets just say its a internet and tv based jewelry site . The chain cost more than yours and was cheap looking and not as long as it was suppose to be . So I was a tad skeptical placing an order with this site . It came quickly and was more than I expected . I have it on right now . Will definately be purchasing here again .
 Love this necklace . Very well made , goes with everything . Wear it everyday and in the shower and everything . Would n't want anything else .
 This chain exceeded my expectations . It feels really soft next to the skin and it looks like liquid silver . I purchased the longer length to hold a pendant and the two look fabulous together . I highly recommend this chain .
 I was very pleased with the way this chain looked and was delighted to be able to give it as a gift . I was amazed that such a nice looking chain was so reasonably priced .
 I purchase this necklace along with a pretty charm . The necklace is pretty , shiny and very comfortable . Thank you so much I love this item and wear it often . I 'm very pleased with the quick delivery . Thank you !!
 I purchased this necklace as a replacement for one that had broken ... it 's more beautiful than the original one , and is extremely comfortable to wear . I do n't know how durable it is , having only worn it a few times , but it has outlasted the original already .
 I have been looking for a nice lightweight chain of good quality and length . This one was perfect . Also they are very quick with delivery . I will shop with them again and again .
 I find this item in Amazon and bought it as a gift for my wife . She loves it dearly and always wears it when we go out to visit friends . It is a nice match to her Swarovski teddy bear pendant . It looks elegant and strong . I like it too , and am considering to buy another one .
 So sheer and sparkling any woman would love to wear this around her neckSN030DC-16 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1mm Sturdy Snake 16 '' Chain Necklace
 The chain I ordered came beautifully wrapped and in pristine condition . The chain is strong and flexible with a soft feel around the neck . The quality is exceptional .
 This is an excellent product . The chain necklace is high quality and is exactly what we needed and what we ordered .
 I 'm very happy with the appearance and quality of this chain . The pendant I bought it for slides on effortlessly and looks very nice .
 I was looking for an 18 '' silver snake chain necklace to replace one that came with a pendant I had purchased from another supplier . The one I owned had tarnished and I could not bring it back to life . This new chain is nickle free so I have high hopes for years of beautiful silver vibrance , and I especially love the lobster claw clasp , much better than the cheap spring clasps that can stop working over time and make the necklace vulnerable to falling off . I am very happy with this one , it is a nice thickness and a beautiful silver .
 I love this necklace because it is so sturdy . It is holding a very heavy pendant of mine , but it is strong enough to wear it everyday . I even wear it to go exercise!Also , I love the shine of this necklace . I have owned other silver chains to hold my pendant . This is a very shiny sparkling necklace . I highly recommend it !
 I have actually purchased this necklace twice . The first one broke . I then bought another one at twice the price of the first because I wanted the length and design . This second necklace is impossible to clean . It gets black in different places . I ca n't get the black off with a silver polishing cloth . I washed it in soapy water and dried it carefully . That did n't help . This necklace has twice been a waste of money.SN030DC-30 Nickel Free Italian .925 Sterling Silver 1mm Sturdy Snake 30 '' Chain Necklace
 I just received my necklace today . I bought the 16 '' . It is so beautiful ... I absolutely love it ! I am buying 2 more today in different lengths . I love the way it shines and it looks like liquid silver . Very durable too . I must have more ! Highly recommended !!
 The necklace is all I expected it to be . Outstanding quality and just right for what I was looking for . I also received it in a timely fashion . I am always satisfied with my purchases from Amazon
 In a world of shorter chain necklace lengths , it is great to find 20 inch ones . This product is strong , but lightweight and meets myrequirements . A great buy for the price .
 This necklace is the real deal . I like it better than a regular chain because it does not have links that will break . I love the sleek look and feel of the snake chain . Any silver charm will look great with this chain . It arrived in a timely manner , and was packaged well enough for shipping , as well as for gift-giving .
 Attractive , well made chain , nothing special , just a good value . It seems sturdy enough to hold up to frequent use .
 I was so happy to find a lovely chain that was nickel free . I 'm allergic to nickel which makes buying jewelry a bit of a problem sometimes . This chain takes care of that problem and is just what I needed to hold a neck charm I had bought . Although it 's slender it 's strong and attractive , the clasp works very well and I have no problem getting it on as I do with some chains . It was worth the money for me .
 I love the necklace . It is exactly what I was looking for . The size fits perfectly with the pendant that I plan to wear it with and the quality is great .
 I have a lot of compliments when wearing it . Very shiny and stands out . Only one thing wrong it tangles in long hair . oops
 It 's well , fits well but it is a little small for my neck . I think it would fit well on a woman . I need to find one ...
 Neckless is perfect . . It compliments any outfit i put on and is n't ignorant . I 'm 6 ' 2 and got the 22inch . Hits right where a V-neck ends .
 I had to replace a broken necklace and this was almost the same as the original one I had . The necklace is sturdy . The clasp is a smaller than I would have liked but it works .
 This silver chain is excellent . It 's a true snake chain and does not tangle -LRB- as snake chains should n't -RRB- . It also has a nice quality `` loop '' clasp not those chinsy circular clasps . I got the 16 '' chain to hold a small pendant I have . If you are unsure of what size to get the 16 '' chain is very close to the neck . I got this specifically because it is a small pendant I was hanging from it and that was how it should hang . The standard chain length is 18 '' and hangs right where a necklace should so if you are unsure of what size to get that 's probably the one you want to go with . 20 '' is a longer chain and is n't so common but is often used if one is wearing two necklaces and wants them to hang at different lengths so they are both visible . The silver seems to be of good quality and came shiny and polished . It has n't tarnished much at all and cleans nicely with a cleaning cloth . I have had it for a while and do n't wear it every day but so far there is no discoloration . IMPORTANT
 this chain is beautiful and the end is small enough so that all of my charms fit through it . so far this is the only chain that I have that has n't broken . this was a good choice .
 I own several of these chains . They are very nice , lightweight chains , and you ca n't beat the price . They look much more expensive than they are . They are good alone , one , two , or several , or with pendants attached.With all snake chains , sterling silver or white/yellow gold , be very careful on how you store and travel with them . They are very easy to get crimps , kinks , and bends in them that you ca n't even out , so they do n't fall around the neck appropriately . Do n't wrap or fold , they should be hung freely on a jewelry hook or when packing for travel , carefully wrap in tissue or soft cloth , flat and fully extended and tuck securely between soft clothes in your luggage .
 Comfortable fluid quality . Perfectly accentuates the swarovski black crystal . And I can sleep with it without any irritations . An excellent buy .
 I love this chain it is very sparkly . I ordered the size 24 inches and it 's perfect it 's not too big or small it fits beautifully . I get a bad reaction to anything with `` nickel '' in it and I assure you this has no nickel it is all sterling silver . I 'm very happy with this purchase and with the seller gem avenue it also arrived before it 's delivery date . Thank you amazon and gem avenue for awesome customer service !
 I have recently developed an affinity for sterling silver but not all chains are created equal . These chains are sleek , shiny , and strong . They sparkle in all light and are the most beautiful chains I have ever purchased , and trust me I have purchased a lot . They are so beautiful that I purchased six total in different links and even doubled one over to make into a bracelet . Very impressed with quality and definitely the price .
 I absolutely love this chain ! It 's very beautiful and strong . I never take it off and my young son likes to grab it often . You ca n't beat the price either . If something ever happens to this one or if I want to give a gift this is what I will order . Highly recommend !!!
 Wonderful chain , great shine and good quality of workmanship . I am very happy with it , may order it in another size for a different pendant .
 Great chain . I bought 2 different lengths for myself and one for my sister . They do look awesome with the Swarvoski pendants .
 Bought this to go with a locket we purchased elsewhere for my daughter 's graduation . The silvertone matched well and my daughter was thrilled with it .
 My wife and I purchased this same chain last year for a cross we gave to our oldest son on his confirmation . Now we bought one for our other son to wear with his cross . These chains are beautiful , durable -LRB- enough for teenage boys -RRB- and hold a brilliant shine . The product is well worth the cost -LRB- a low cost I might add -RRB- and service is excellent . GEM AVENUE offers great prices , quick delivery and outstanding values .
 Well made and very fluid . It has a really nice lobster claw clasp attached very securely . Lots of sparkle and shine . Ir looks classy . Thanks , Gem Ave. , it 's exactly what I was looking for . Thanks to all the other Amazon reviewers of this piece . I read them all before ordering . UPDATE
 I got this to go on a pendant , for the price this is a very good chain , way better than you can buy out of any store for the price .
 I ordered one for myself and one for my mother-in-law , and we were both very happy . The diamond cut makes it very sparkly and pretty . And it seems to be a nice-quality chain .
 This chain is beautiful . I highly recommend it . Shiny , sturdy , sparkling . Do not hesitate to order it for yourself .
 the reason i say third time is that i have plowed through -LRB- broken -RRB- two previous thin snake chains which were not as sparkling and lovely as this one ! this seems to be the strongest thus far , and the least expensive . it is quite thin and the length is as advertised . the clasp seems to be strong and is easy to use .
 The 30 '' sterling silver chain is very pretty and sturdy . I especially like the lobster-claw closure .
 I originally had looked at and was going to purchase a more expensive item . I went with this because of the reviews and am very happy I did . I ordered 2 lengths and they are beautiful . Strong , shiny , and will be a compliment to any of my charms or pendants . Happily will order from this co. again .
 I love this chain . It 's very pretty and looks expensive . I bought two different lengths and am glad I did . My only problem is that I struggle with the dainty fastening hardware . I was bringing the necklace to work and asking for help putting it on until I added a short extender with a larger clasp and now I 'm happy . If you have a hubby or child who can help , then it would be a 5-star product ! Gem Avenue , the vendor , is great ...
 I bought this chain as a replacement chain for a very special locket.I am impressed by the sturdy quality - yet delicate beauty . It is perfect for what I wanted it for . Thank you . : - -RRB-
 To hold this chain in your hand is like holding shining starlight . It 's a tough chain , despite its delicate appearance , and this is the second one I 've purchased . I will without doubt be buying another !
 I was impressed with how soft and reflective the chain is . I purchased it to complement a Italian Horn Charm by Rembrandt Charms , and two look lovely together.I would recommend this chain to anyone that has a need for a very well polished and shiny chain , or looking to combine a chain with more sterling silver charms.It also came packaged in a wonderful gift box , which I was not aware of when I purchased it .
 I love the diamond cut . It makes the chain look very expensive . It looks great with or without a pendant .
 Fast delivery and very nice sterling silver necklace for pendants or to wear alone ; competitively priced for a 20 '' . Pleased with this purchase .
 I absolutely love this chain . It is so shiny and luxurious , it way exceeded my expectations . My only regret is that I purchased it in the 18 '' , I think I should 've gotten a longer size . In any case please do n't second guess this purchase . The picture does n't do the chain justice .
 This snake chain is more beautiful and strong than anything I 've seen in stores for quadruple the price ! It moves beautifully and it 's so moveable , it will pool into a one inch area , yet hangs smooth and straight on my neck , with or without a pendant . Buy this one -- you wo n't be `` snakebit '' !
 I am very happy with this chain -LRB- 24 '' -RRB- and have just ordered a second one . I also bought the 30 '' . They are very sturdy chains , but are n't `` chunky '' and have lots of sparkle without overpowering the pendant on them . I 've bought several silver chains , and these are just perfect ! I would highly recommend them !!
 I am very particular about the necklace chains I wear because I am sensitive to the chaffing or catching that sometimes occurs with cheap chains . This chain is very smooth and comfortable to wear . It slides over sensitive skin without catching or pulling . It also retains its shine and glistens beautifully . I plan to purchase more so as to replace the chains for my other silver pendants . If you 're in the market for a new chain , search no more !
 I am very happy with the necklace . I gave up wearing jewelry due to my nickel allergy , but have recently starting purchasing nickel-free jewelry online . I love this necklace and am happy to finally be able to wear jewelry again . I would definitley recommend this to my friends .
 Do not be afraid to buy this chain . Its beautiful . Very `` fluid '' , nice weight , great presence around your neck . It 's just the right size , not too small and not too big . Makes a nice pendant chain . Great delivery from Amazon and Gem Avenue . Ordered on Jan. 31 , received on Feb 4 . Would highly recommend .
 I bought this to wear with a variety of silver pendants . So far it has been sturdy enough for my heavier pendants , but it looks delicate and has a lovely shine . I have worn it alone and it was pretty on its own , too . Overall , I would recommend this . I have only had it a few weeks so I can not attest to durability . For the price , it is an exceptional item . Looks as nice as chains I have that cost twice as much .
 just what I was looking for to replace a chain my cross would get hung up on . Nice and slick so the pendant stays front and center .
 I love this necklace . It is very shiny and it looks like it costs alot more than it was.I will be purchasing more of the same necklaces but in different lengths .
 nice quality have had mines for a while now and have had no issues very shiny and the perfect length
 This necklace chain is sturdy and shiny , but small enough to put my charm on . I do not see how it could bother your neck like the other reviewer said , but I do n't wear my jewelry 24/7 .
 This is really a good buy . The weight is substantial and it is very shinny . The only suggestion is to buy both the 18 &#34; and 20 &#34; as you 'll need both to accommodate all necklines .
 My chain broke I need a replacement This chain is great It replaces my old 1 Perfectly Received it very fast For a great price I was lost without my crucifix And you got my new chain very fast I was without it for only 2 or 3 days Great job That 's why I keep coming back
 just the right size for charms an d is a sturdy chain made to last a long time.Nice gift .
 I bought the product for my daughter and I wanted something that was beautiful , and rich looking and am very satisfied with the quality of the product . The chiain is smooth in texture , has a great patina and I 'm sure it is not going to lose it 's luster as others have done .
 I think it is a nice and shiny chain and it goes well with my pendant . the sturdy snake sterlin silver material is good quality .
 I love it ! The only thing is I wish the clasp was a little larger.It is hard for my &#34; old &#34; hands to manipulate . Otherwise , itis beautiful and just what I wanted .
 I do n't know very much about silver jewelry and when you order online you take your chances . Sometimes what you get looks completely different from what you expected as is in this case , this chain is Absolutely Beautiful !! It is MORE than I expected ; the picture does n't do it justice . The clasp is very secure , the chain itself is remarkably well made , sleek , smooth and eye-catching , it sparkles . The price and shipping are Very reasonable for the product you are getting . You wo n't be disappointed !!
 Good quality silver - Awesome finish - does not hurt and reall value for money . Glad I got it
 I love my diamond cut chain . I put a pendent on it . The chain lays comfortably on the neck . I will buy another when I need it .
 I really like the diamond cut of this necklace , it sparkles in the light beautifully , and it goes with every silver charm I have . It 's very strong , not prone to break , so I can wear it even when I 'm playing sports .
 This chain is beautiful ! I was looking for a chain that would allow a fit for even the smallest charm . It is fluid and very shiny . Well-made also .
 It is prettier in real life than I could have ever imagined . It really does sparkle . I paired it with a pendant to give as a graduation gift , and almost kept for myself .
 This chain was dressier and better than expected for the price . I put an imported piece of art on it that was also silver and received many compliments in my office . I also wore it with a `` little black dress '' for a nice dinner and received compliments . It is delicate and long enough to wear with shorter chains to make a set . I highly recommend it .
 This chain was so sparkly and shiny ! The diamond cut is beautiful . Great value , and my mother loved the look of it . Since you can get it in different sizes , what 's not to like ? Goes great with any silver pendant you have or plan on buying .
 I bought this chain for my daughter who wanted a more sturdy silver chain for a locket that was given to her . She really likes it and is very happy with it . I would recommend this chain to anyone who is looking for a sturdy yet delicate looking chain . I have bought a few things online now and every time I am pleasantly surprised . Beautiful shiny chain of excellent quality and best of all ... excellent price !
 It is hard to buy jewelry on-line , but this is the best experience I 've had . The price , the service and product are all of the highest quality one could possibly expect . The chain is a great quality , sturdy , sparkly , well made . I have several silver pendants that I would like to wear at different lengths depending on my clothing , so I will eventually buy all sizes .
 I purchased this necklace to replace a white gold necklace that held my diamond . This necklace is very nice , very smooth , very shinny which just enhanced my diamond 's glow . Even those I ordered this in December when all the shopping was going on , this necklace came in within less than a week . I would highly recommend this necklace . I ordered in 24 '' , and now I am going to order a 22 '' .
 I ordered this chain as a replacement for one that was too short and it works so beautifully with the pendant that my husband bought for me . The chain is very sleek and shiny . I will definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again . The order came quickly , even before the date that it was scheduled for.I am in love with this chain . BEAUTIFUL !
 This chain is great . I wear my necklaces 24/7 so I need my chain to be durable . I switch out several charm or pendants on my chains . This chain seems as though it will stand the wear and tear I will give it . It does n't turn your neck green either . Sometimes inexpensive chains will do that ... . not this one . Thanks for a great product and a great supplier .
 I bought this as a gift to go with a Tiffany 's 09 snowflake charm . I choose this based on another review describing the chain as `` shiny like christmas tree tinsel '' It is very pretty and goes PERFECT with the charm . Better than the selections that tiffanys had .
 very pretty , sturdy , could n't be happier , especially for the price ; am ordering more in other sizes now !
 i bought this chain too go with a white gold cross pendant i purchased somewhere else and they go together perfectly . I 've had it for a couple weeks now and its still holding up fine good price and fast shipping
 I bought this chain for a cross for myself and was pleasantly suprised , the quality was excellent . I will definately purchase more in the future.thank you
 I bought a genuine Mason County Texas Lone Star Cut clear topaz pendant for the wife for Xmas . The rough topaz is only found on a few ranches near this small Hill Country town among all the granite in the famous Llano Uplift area of Texas . In 1969 the TX Legislature made it the offial gem of the State . In 1977 , the Legislature made the Lone Star cut official . You look down in the top facet and see the Lone Star of Texas - pretty neat and unique . Check out the web site for Gems of the Hill Country - this is the town 's only jeweler and lapidary . I had to have a chain to go with the sterling silver pendant and thru Amazon found this company and their wide variety of chain and excellent prices . That along with other customer comments on the product quality , excellent service , and going back for more purchases sealed the deal for me . For me as a man to get the right length , size , style was a learning experience but all turned out better than expected when the chain came so quickly . It is a perfect match for the above pendant and both are going to sparkle and glitter . I have gotten 100 % positive feedback from all the female co-workers and friends I have shown this to in advance of wraping it up for Xmas . I learned Italian chain is the world 's best . The lobster claw clasp is the safest and strongest . You absolutely can not go wrong in buying this chain or any of its `` siblings '' !
 I love this chain . Very sparkly and smooth . I purchased one a few months ago , and came back for another as a gift .
 There is nothing that I could say that would describe the chain that we bought.Well , Maybe EXCELLENT .
 I ordered this chain to go with a cross pendant my mother had given me . The qualityof the chain is outstanding !! I 'm very impressed by the speed at which the chain wasdelivered . I am very happy with it and would definately order from this company again !! A + + + + + + +
 This is a very nice chain for a great price . It looks much more expensive than it is - very shiny and has not tarnished like a lot of sterling silver jewelery tends to do over time .
 This chain was purchased for daily wear . So far , it 's holding up quite well . It 's a solid piece of work , and looks like liquid silver . The price ca n't be beat , and the service was excellent -- the chain arrived on time and in excellent condition .
 Ordered the chain to use with a pendant my husband gave me . Its a lovely liquid silver and looks great with the pendant . Arrived quickly , nicely packaged in a gold gift box . Very happy with this purchase and will be buying additional items soon .
 I really liked this necklace . It was a great price and you can easily put charms on it . It seems very sturdy and sleek . I have gotten many compliments on it .
 This chain is beautiful !!! I ordered an 18 inch one , then decided to order a 20 inch one because the chain was so lovely !!!! You ca n't go wrong with these chains . `` Gem Avenue '' is an awesome place to do business with !! Their jewelery is very `` classy '' . Thanks , `` Gem Avenue '' !!
 this necklace is the perfect size and is like looking at liquid silver . i will be back with more orders
 Received the Sterling Silver Chain Necklace in pristine condition and in a timely manner . It was given as a Christmas gift and the receiver absolutely loved it . The necklace was of good quality Sterling Silver . I would absolutely order any other jewelry from this seller .
 This is a beautiful product and just as the discription mentions snake style . One thing that I would like to make the purchaser aware is the size of the necklace . It may be more of a choker style so keep that in mind or purchase a larger length . I attached a pendant for a present and it looks beautiful . Happy shopping !
 I bought this silver necklace for my wife , to replace a cheaper chain on a diamond pendant . This snake chain is very nice , high quality , and elegant looking . The clasp is very sturdy and the necklace should last a very long time . It was an excellent value and I am happy I found it .
 Bought this to lengthen a beautiful necklace that was too small for my large neck . It works fine as the links are fairly large & is the same color gold . arrived very fast .
 The necklace that I ordered this for is almost twice as big as this extender , so it did n't work for that necklace , but it 's very nice and I will keep for future use .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 This chain is heavy and thick . It looks great with my Pandora beads . I love the length . The 18 inch chain hits me too high -LRB- chokes my neck -RRB- and 24 inches is too low -LRB- hits the middle of my sternum -RRB- . The quality of this chain is far better than I expected . The claw clasp is big and durable but matches the width and size of the chain . All in all it is absolutely perfect .
 This chain is just beautiful . It has a lobster clasp which are the best in my book . The price was very reasonable for this weight chain . I highly recommend this item and merchant . Shipping was extremely quick . A great purchase !
 The necklace is very well put together and perfect length 22 '' . I was expecting a thicker/heavy chain unfortunately , it was not ... yet still very nice . I think I 'll go with a 4mm or 5mm heavier -LRB- male -RRB- necklace next time .
 This chain arrived very quickly after it was ordered , packaged in a plastic bag inside a lovely little black faux-velvet bag . It 's heavy , very shiny , and looks well made . I expect it will last a long time . I had bought it for use with a Thor 's hammer pendant -LRB- bronze -RRB- which I 'd bought for my boyfriend . It does n't go well with that but I have no doubt we 'll find something great to use it with , or just wear it plain as it is gorgeous !
 it wasnot really i expected ... i thought it would be a bit more heavy and chunky ... but it IS SHINING SHINING SHINING !!!!! I LOVE IT !!!!
 this is a nice size and the sapphires are very pretty . Nice gift for a young lady that is not fully girlie !
 It is slightly smaller than I expected . It seems like really good quality though . I ordered this for a friend and she seems to love it .
 Got this as a gift for my mom , it looks exactly like the picture . Pleased with the purchase , I would definitely buy it again .
 I was very impressed with this item . For the price I did not expect too much , but it is quite sturdy metal and the stones are a gorgeous color . I would have expected this to cost much more for the craftsmanship . My sister will love it !
 This is a beautiful pendant , just as described above . It actually looks even better in person . Not at all &#34; cheap looking &#34; .
 Absolutely Gorgeous , and adorable !!!!!!! Goes perfect with many outfits . The size is just right . The coloring and quality is beautiful .
 Great gift ! I was concerned it was going to be small after reading some of the reviews , but it is really perfect . I actually bought it and put it on a necklace chain and it looks great ! I recommend the Singapore Nickel Free Chain if you do not want to put it on a bracelet .
 This is a cute little pendant , and with the sapphire stones , it will make my daughter smile this holiday season . My September baby -LRB- well , not so much a baby - she 's a teen now ! -RRB- will find this just grown up enough to not be little girl jewelry , but the turtle will keep it young enough for her to find it cute . And , it 's a great size - not too big , but not too small .
 I got this on the lightning deal so it was $ 15 I believe . It 's sturdy well made , and heavy for it 's size which I like . I do n't think it would be worth what is stated as the retail price , but the going price of $ 25 is fair enough . The sapphires are a bit dark - but that was actually expected especially since they are smaller stones .
 I was expecting some brighter sapphire stones , and its shorter than an inch ... Overall , it 's still a nice piece of jewelry , i just wish it was a little bigger
 Very nice , I love this little turtle , will wear it often . Stones are dark , but very pretty would consider as gift A + + + + + +
 This turtle is about the size of a charm bracelet charm . It is hard to see the blue but for direct sun light but pretty nonetheless .
 This is a nice size charm , that is well made with the jewels nicely set . The only thing that I did n't realize , when purchasing , it is hollowed out underneath . It does look just like the picture from the top . I will keep it because of the quality .
 very nice product , wearing the charm with the necklace that i have purchased . It arrived on time and in good shape .
 He 's a little smaller than what I thought , but I love it because it will always remind me of our trip to Maui where we all swam in the surf where therewere oodles of turtles .
 This little charm is simply charming !! The stones are quite dark yet in the sun shine the most brilliant blue . I got this for my gird friend and she wore it as a necklace for a a time before putting it on a bracelet she wears almost daily . I could not be happier and for the price you can not go wrong !!
 I love turtles and I saw this charm and thought that it would be a really nice addition to my turtle necklace collection . It is a very dainty charm , and the sapphires were quite a bit darker than I expected them to be , but I do think it 's very pretty and I am glad I bought it .
 This is my second purchase from Amazon collection , and I am really please -LRB- I have 2 more orders waiting to arrive -RRB- . I originally thought this turtle charm will be a little bigger , but it is really small -LRB- imo -RRB- . It came with a cute little shipping box , inside that is another small gift box , and inside that box is a tiny jewelry bag and a super tiny turtle charm . How small ? Well , just take out a dime , lay it on top of a table , and then put the turtle on top of it . The measure of the turtle from head to tail is exactly the same as the diameter of the dime . Or just hold the dime up to your computer screen.NOTE
 After opening the teeny tiny pouch , emerged a teeny tiny turtle . Aside from not really paying attention to dimensions , I am really happy with this purchase . I am a turtle lover and collect them . I did n't do well converting the millimeters to inches and expected it to be a little larger . I do however have to say that this is a nice quality little gem.I do n't need large always to be content with my choice .
 This turtle is simply beautiful . It is larger than I expected but the sapphires are dark blue and sparkle in the silver setting . You need to be careful if you wear it on a charm bracelet . It does tend to catch on clothing etc. I would definitley recommend it .
 This product is beautifully crafted and was more than what I expected . My girlfriend absolutely adored this charm and I am glad I bought it . Thank You !!
 I was looking for the `` perfect '' turtle charm to add to a charm bracelet that I had purchased for my niece 's Graduation ... and this was definitely it ! She absolutely loved it and turtles are n't even her thing , although they are mine -LRB- as you may have figured from my pen name -RRB- ! I even purchased one for myself and I absolutely adore it . It is one of my favorite pieces of `` turtle jewelry '' and I do have quite a collection . I think that anyone who enjoys turtles and nice jewelry would be quite pleased with this charm !
 We bought this as a gift for my daughter 's turtle-loving friend.It 's beautiful . The silver was shiny and the gems are gorgeous . It arrived in a nice box with care and return instructions .
 I received this charm for Christmas and I love it ! It is very well made and so adorable . I just put it on a silver chain and wear it as a pendant because it deserves that much attention !
 I love this charm . The sapphires sparkle prettily . It 's beautiful and I love wearing it . I 've gotten compliments on it . I recommend this charm .
 Glad I finally bought this little turtle charm . Seems to be very well made and looks great . Hopefully wife will also enjoy it when she sees it at christmas !!
 I just received this turtle charm in the mail today . It is beautiful and stunning . It is the perfect charm to put on a necklace . I have looked everywhere to find a turtle charm from jewelry stores to the mall . This one is perfect . I highly recommend buying it . I hope this helps with your decision . It did in mine .
 I got the turtle as a special offer and was very pleased at how beautiful it was when I got it . Was going to give as a Christmas gift but decided to keep it for myself .
 My partners favourite animal is a tortoise . Her birthstone is sapphire and she owns a much loved charm bracelet.Couldn ' t have been more perfect .
 These were for my granddaughters . They were on a swim team called the `` Blue Turtles '' . These littles turtles were a hit!I was so pleased they arrived on time for Christmas . Thanks
 My hunnnie Barbie loves turtles . Sapphires and sterling silver . She loves it . another home run for super hubby . Because I love her !
 This is the perfect cute little charm for someone that loves turtles . It is exactly what I expected it to be .
 Extremely nice , well-set , deep-blue stones . Great gift for any occasion . Excellent value and nicely packaged for gifting . Would recommend for any turtle lover !
 Tiny little turtle looks very nice . Gf never takes it off and it holds up well and look good . would buy again .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift which -LRB- shamefully -RRB- has n't been given yet , so I ca n't comment on the person 's reaction . I however , find this piece very beautiful . As other reviewers have said , it is small , but it looks well made with good quality silver . I wish I 'd ordered 2 !
 This was a beautiful charm and have received alot of compliments on it . It was exactly how it looked on the web .
 This is a pretty , well priced addition for anyone that loves animals and enjoys collecting charms for her bracelet.Sapphires are a nice special touch .
 I was thrilled with this item . It is exactly as it was advertised . I love it and the recipient does , too
 Purchased this for my best friend along with a sterling silver chain and she absolutely fell in love with it . The quality is that of which you find in the fine jewelry stores . It arrived before the due date and was packed nicely . Highly recommend .
 This product comes highly recommended . I am very pleased with the quality of my turtle charm . I would definitely recommend to all my friends , or family . The quality is better than I expected ! I wear it every day . I 'm very pleased with this turtle charm .
 I 've wanted a turtle charm and I 'm glad I purchased this one . The sapphire adds to this charm . I recommend this to anyone .
 This turtle charm is cute . I am wearing it on a chain . The stones are very dark . You could almost think they are green or black . Nice for a turtle lover .
 Very cute charm , though my first impression of the charm was not impressive . The sapphire is extremely dark - it seems almost black instead of blue - and also have a duller shine than I expected . The silver part of the charm is extremely shiny and not cheap looking . But when I put it on it grew on me and I got comments on how cute it was . I 'm quite satisfied by my order , though I just wish the sapphire was better cut and put in .
 My wife became fascinated with the product , is a little smaller than it appears in the picture but is happy to have him.Mi mujer quedo fascinada con el producto , es un poco mas chico de lo que parece en la foto pero esta feliz de tenerlo .
 I love the charm , and I love blue it is my favorite color . I wore it a few times . I am not a big fan of turtles , but the charm is beautiful .
 Great quality , came quickly , bought for my grandaughter whose birthday is in Sept. she has just started wanting jewerly and loved this birthday stone piece
 I gave this little guy as a Christmas gift last year and she still wears it . It is a tiny turtle but very shiny and adorable . If you know a turtle lover , this is a must have to their collection . I promise you she will love it .
 This turtle is super cute and much better quality than I was expecting for the price . My daughter loves it and it looks really cute on her . the size is just right and it 's not too heavy but not too light either .
 Got this charm for my daughter for Christmas . It is beautiful , is very high quality and was exactly as advertised . Shipping was perfect . Here in plenty of time for the holiday .
 I bought these for my daughters for christmas , they are bigger than I thought they would be and really pretty.I gave it four stars because of the sapphires . They look black and dark . I wish it would receive the light better to make them lighter.But beautiful all the same !
 Nice charm for a bracelet . The size will go well with other charms ; not too large and not too small .
 Bought this lovely charm for a very good friend of mine . She decided to put it on a necklace and she absolutely loves it . Ca n't beat the price and delivery was in 3 days . Even came in a tiny purse which added to its great looks . A winner here.Pete
 OK , so this is actually a tortoise . However , for me , that 's even better !! My amazing husband & I raise Sulcata Tortoise 's & I 'm always on the make for a good deal regarding practically anything tortoise . This was definitely a great deal !! Appears to be actual solid sterling silver , nickel-free , etc. . There are 10 gorgeous , small , blue sapphires that help make up the shell of the tortoise ... they are prong fitted & done very well . While I would n't wear this 24/7 as you should n't wear real gemstones in the shower daily , I do use it as a daily necklace on a dainty , sterling silver , ball necklace . Lovely ! &#9829;
 I thought this charm was really cute . I kept it for myself for my charm bracelet although I had intended to give it as a gift . Fast service . Great price on sale . Well made .
 This charm was good quality and just as expected . Looks lots like pictured charm and is shiny and scratch free . No complaints : -RRB-
 I purchased this for my graddaughter for a Christmas gift . She was so excited when she opened it . She said , WOW ! This is exactly what I wanted . I love it . &#34;
 Got this for Christmas . It is a pretty charm with a connecting piece that is large enough to easily slip it on and off different chains .
 This little charm is so cute ! Good quality for the price , too . The blue sapphires are a dark blue , but def . not blackish .
 this necklace is gorgeous . i am surprised at the heft to this . very generous amount of silver . also 2mm plus a bit . beautiful workmanship . i got this to hold my pendants because you usually get a chain with them that you can barely see but this is big enough to be worn alone . i am so happy . thank you .
 I love this chain , my 1 yr old have broken 4 chains before this one!This chain is strong and has withstand my little boy : -RRB- I love the look of it and the weight.Shipping was great , it was very fast !!! MOM
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 When I receive great service and great products I will go out of my way to patronize a business.I can count on Silver Insanity to always send quickly and I am never dissappointed with the quality and value of products purchased from them.That is why I am a repeat buyer
 I love wearing pendants . This chain is very attractive and the pendant shows well on it . I 've researched chains and this one is attractive and the price is good .
 I purchased this necklace for my niece - and was blown away by how pretty it was !!! I am going to buy one for myself ! It has beautiful color and can be worn around your neck or placed in a window as a sun catcher . The sun reflects off of it and sends rainbows everywhere ! Just BEAUTIFUL !
 Beautifull piece , shiny as diamond , I will definitly buy more merchandise from this seller .
 hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone ?
 I thought this might be a bit bigger , but it was still very pretty . And when I wore it out for the first time , I got so many compliments on it . This works very well if you have very little other jewelry .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone ?
 I bought this ring because it features a moonstone and is a `` poison '' locket , which is what I was looking for ... but having very small hands , I expected it to look a bit out-sized . Not the case ! This ring looks wonderful even on petite hands . I 'm extremely pleased with it and wear it daily .
 I Love this ring I get alot of compliments on my moonstone ring and it go 's with everything I wear no matter what color of the day I 'm wearing .
 The moonstone is a lot clearer and see-through than it is in the picture , otherwise it 's a fantastic ring , and I got what I paid for .
 I love this ring . I have wanted a ring like this for a very long time .
 Just received this ring in in the mail . It is beautiful ! It has a gorgeously intricate design on the sides of the ring . The stone is more milky looking down at the ring , but looking at the profile gives it a periwinkle hue . I have purchased several items from Silver Insanity over the last two years . Every transaction has been wonderful . Their merchandise is unique and lovely .
 The emerald is the same color shown on the site . The jewelry came in pretty box . Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate -LRB- length 7 mm -RRB- and weight 2 grams -LRB- 10 oz -RRB- . The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive .
 I absolutely love this necklace ! The stones are bright and clear and sterling silver is crisp and clean .
 Its a really cute necklace . It 's Smaller then I thought but its not super tiny or anythng . Looks good with most outfits and the jewls are super shiny .
 I love this bracelet . It is perfect . The only thing that surprised me was that is was very light . I am afraid it will break . But it is exactly what I was looking for . It was worth the money that I paid for it . If you are looking for a light weight cross beautiful bracelet , then this is the one you want to purchase .
 Every single detail on this product is great . You really will love it . It is an amazing gift . Sincerely it is a high quality product .
 Nice ring could spin better but add baby oil for nice quiet rotating spin ... I would purchase it again if you like skulls you would like this ring .
 I bought these for Cheer Leaders that cheer for the CELTICS , , , they are very well made , wonderful quality , and shipment was quick .
 This is a sweet , nicely made necklace for a pre-teen . Fits like a choker , the silver is very pretty and the price is perfect for a fun gift - especially for a nine-year old who has an idea of fashion but who loses posessions as well .
 Make old jewlery come to new life by changing how worn . Very strong cord and very safe to wear even very expensive pendants on . i tell my friends AMAZOM !!!!!
 I love hummingbirds . I already have one ring that I most of the time . I enjoy wearing this ring as well . Thanks .
 When i received the necklace i was totally amazed ! it is much more beautiful & glamorous in reality than on the photo . I am totally satisfied and would recommend anyone who likes it to buy it !!
 This was purchased as a gift for my 16 year old niece . She loves horses and is an avid rider . She loved it . The detail was impressive and it 's not big and bulky . Very dainty .
 I have alot of rings but can not wear certain kinds at work-since I am such a horse lover-this is a perfect ring for me to wear on my job - I gave it a good rate because it is durable in the hard work I do - and the price is right - love this
 I just bought this necklace as a gift for my friend . it 's rly pretty adn the orange is really bright . it looks great for people with a darker skin tone . i also really like the clasp which is basically a wrapped cord . looks really good . came on time . would buy again from nvie desings .
 Love this necklace . The orange in it is wonderful , and it compliments well with other accessories .
 This is the most adorable and unique charm I 've ever seen . I 've never found anything like this and I could n't pass it up .
 I bought this necklace for one of my daughters , but kept it for myself ! Looks great at the office or with jeans ! Thanks for offering the Nvie line ... items are beautiful without breaking the bank !
 What a great necklace - I have problems picking out jewelry for my wife , but she loved this one . Shipping was great , the product was great - and I would buy from them again .
 I read the others reviews ... The funny thing is that I originally bought this for my mom , but kept it for myself !! -LRB- I got her something else of course . -RRB- But , I just adore wearing it , and every time I have it on , someone compliments me on it and asks me wear I got it . It 's the perfect necklace to wear with nothing else but a black tanktop and pants or skirt . Anyway , someone with blue or green eyes will love it .
 I purchased this piece just for me and am so pleased that I did . It fits well and looks beautiful . I recieve compliment after compliment on it when I wear it . Thanks .
 I usually never order jewelry from online but this turned out to be a wonderful choice . My aunt loved it , its the style she usually gets . The glass is beautiful and very colorful .
 I usually have a hard time picking gifts for my wife . But when she opened this one she was pleased . It looks beautiful and best of all she has no idea how littel I paid for it . I give it a thums up . : -RRB-
 I bought this necklace as a present for a friend . She loved it and it goes with so many things . The price was very reasonable .
 This ring is very pretty , a little more sparkly than the picture indicates . The quality is appropriate for the price . I returned it because it was a tiny bit too small , in a way that told me the next size up would be too big - pity .
 Purchased these for last year 's valentine 's day . Great price for its materials . Good packaging and on time . Excellent choice for a year-long or decade-long relationship when you want your companion to feel appreciated . My lady adores them . Almost a year now and no problems . Almost 11 total . Earrings are in good shape as well .
 After I ordered it , I noticed that the description said it was 35 millimeters in length and thought I had bought a monstrosity ! But it is probably 12 millimeters and is very pretty pink jade .
 This is just beautiful . I have received many compliments about this set . Very striking and lovely .
 Not only is this ring affordable , it has a garnet of very good size and quality in the center . I thought the color of the stone , for this remarkable price , was quite well saturated , a mark of quality . A recent convert to silver , the sterling silver band was so comfortable with it 's wide backing , it would be easy to forget I was even wearing the ring ! I would recommend it for everyday wear - no prongs jutting out that might hurt babies , etc. . I have since ordered several more `` gift '' rings from this company . The red in garnets is a perfect Christmas color . The cute little boxes the rings arrive in are great for tucking into Christmas stockings . Think ahead !
 .925 Sterling Silver Band Garnet Gemstone RingI bought this ring for my daughter that just had a baby and liked it somuch I bought one for myself . Beautiful ring , great price . I 'd reccomendit to everyone . Quick delivery also .
 Ring is well balanced and good quality . The silver is shaped well and sized perfectly , and the scrolling looks just as beautiful as in the pictures . The garnet is really lovely at reflecting light , and is even in color . All in all , an really great ring for not too much money .
 I shopped around a bit when I decided to purchase a ring with a garnet stone . At the last minute I found this one on amazon . They even had my size , 6.5 , which most sellers only do whole sizes . This ring is gorgeous and the band style with the square gem makes it VERY unique from most garnet rings out there . I have many oval/round shaped rings and this was so fun and different , and I loved the cut out art on the band . The ring came very quickly and wrapped in a beautiful little gift box . I am really pleased with this seller and am so glad I found this ring !
 I was looking for a birthstone ring for myself . I only wear silver , and tend to a more ` bohemian ' style , so everything else I 'd seen was either too fancy , too cheap looking , or plain ugly . This ring was exactly what I 'd been looking for
 When I spoke with the seller I returned the ring postage paid by the seller and requested a replacement ring . One of the rings prongs was loose and that is why the gem fell out . I found the loose gem and returned it with the ring . The replacement ring is beautiful and just what I wanted to match my earrings , pendant , and bracelet . I like my jewelry to match in design and gemstones . This ring was perfect for me . The fit is perfect to size . I would highly recomment this seller and their products . They guarentee what they sell without the buyer having to absorb the cost of postage .
 This was a gift to my mother , and I had it shipped directly to her , so I never saw it first hand . However , she raved about it , so I 'm pleased .
 This item is very delicate looking but is definitely of very good quality . I like the way it looks . Not very wide so it is comfortable on your finger .
 This is a beautiful ring and I get a lot of compliments when I wear it . The problem is when I ordered it , it was a gift for my mom . She wears a size 9 and I ordered a size 9 . She could n't get it on . I was very disappointed -- to say the least . I know that it is a size 8 because it fits my ring finger on my right hand . I bought her a ring from a local jeweler to replace this one . The ring is beautiful but do n't rely on the sizes .
 I have big hands , long fingers and ordered a size 9 . It 's a perfect fit . I think this is a really unique , showy ring that is very flattering to my large hands and I personally love it . The blue and green stones are not as vividly colored as shown but all in all still a great value for the money .
 I bought this as a birthday gift for myself with some other pieces to match a bracelet I bought last year . The ring is beautifully filigreed . The stones are much larger than I thought . Great for the price . As we say around here ... two thumbs up ! I just bought another one for everyday wear -LRB- because of silver with gold overlay I wanted one that I can keep in perfect shape for special events -RRB- . I will report back on the everyday wear of this ring .
 the ring turned out to be exactly wat the picture shows and more . my gf totally loves it . . buy buy buy !
 Like others have reported , the ring size was not accurate . I loved the look of this ring to match some earrings my husband bought me . I used a the old string guide to figure my size and contemplated not even ordering since the size i thought i needed was unavailable i was was sure I 'd have to enlarge the size , but ordered it anyway and it fit perfectly ! It is a large ring so if you have small hands , you might want to reconsider . It is really beautiful and the price amazing . As long as it holds up , what a deal . Probably not a ring to wear every day ... only giving it 4 stars because of the inaccurate sizing .
 PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING . I LIKE THE 6MM BANDS MUCH BETTER THOUGH BUT IT IS STILL A NICE RING .
 I like to wear tiger 's eye jewelry with animal print clothing and this ring does well for that purpose . I combine it with my diamond ring for an unusual look . The color varies from a golden brown to a deep brown . The band is smooth , polished , and rather thick . It does well for dress or casual wear , but it is delicate as stated in the description and should not be worn for activities that involve manual labor , sports , gardening , etc. . I have owned it for several weeks and have had no trouble with breakage .
 The ring is beautiful , but very thick and chunky . Not really for a ladies hand at all . I will continue to look for something a little more delicate , and perhaps use this one as a pendant .
 I am very pleased with this ring for what it is , a simple but nice band , by being simple there is no flaw the ring has a good feel and nice weight.I was worried about the shipping due to it being made of stone however it was very well packaged.The delivery was quick as well
 Ring is as described . Stone is unique , and minor differences from photo can be expected .
 This is a snug , fine necklace which is lovely to wear , as it is not as heavy as stone necklaces often are . I recommend it to anyone who loves wearing stones , but does not want to be hampered by them . Do note however that it it is a close fit around the neck , in case you would n't like that .
 I bought this for my daughter for christmas and she wears it all of the time . It is substantial , but not a large piece . Very well made .
 ... the stones are a very light pale blue , almost clear looking in color in certain lights . I bought this for my daughter to stack with a cz one , a citrine and a peridot . Next to the cz it is hard to tell them apart at certain angles . However , they did a good job of matching up all the stones . The stones are NOT cloudy and are bright and sparkly . I believe a ring like this with clear AND richer blue color would cost A LOT more ... so that is why I gave it a 4 star . At the sale price -LRB- and if you are not buying it for the specific color -RRB- it is a good value.Also , when the citrine ones were on sale I bought one and then ordered 2 more for gifts since the first one was so pretty . All three rings are different in size of stones and color . The larger the stones , the less color and clarity . I expected this because they are not simulated stones . It 's a good idea to realize that when buying rings , etc. , on-line . I prefer the smaller , more clear and colorful stone/rings , however , I am very happy with them all considering the price .
 This is a beautiful coral bracelet . It is very delicate looking yet it has some weight to it . There is excellent workmanship apparent on this bracelet . I am very happy with it .
 Very well made and delicate . Not overpowering , and looks exceptional for an elastic-type bracelet.I love it !
 My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring . After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high , I decided to check out the offerings on line . My son decided on this ring and he loves it . Shipping was very fast . Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick . The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price . Many thanks .
 I was pleasently surprised at how nice this ring looks . It is very simple yet elegant . The only problem my husband has with it is that the finish is easily scratched but if you are not studying it closely you ca n't really tell . I think it is a great buy for the money .
 I purchased this ring for my fiance . Overall we both love it , but as was already stated , the finish does scratch easily . From a distance you ca n't really notice it , but it is visible if you are really looking at the ring.The service was fast and exactly what we expected .
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 This ring looks nice on or off your hand . The green looks darker when you are wearing it , but it 's still a pretty green . This ring would be a nice gift for either a man or woman . It 's thick enough to look masculine but the swirls add a touch of feminine . One draw back
 I do n't know what the previous poster was saying about this ring , because I have gotten 3 of them -LRB- for friends and myself -RRB- and they are exactly the same bottle green on as in the picture . Maybe if your skin is really dark it would n't show up ? Very pretty ring
 This charm was exactly what I was looking for . Just the right size and good quality
 It was very nice and shiny . Excellent quality and no defects . A little small than I thought , but it certainly looks good .
 This necklace is one of my girlfriend 's new favorite pieces of jewelry . It looks amazing . The pink is actually a bit see-through and it makes for an interesting look . Great ! Totally recommend .
 It is very pretty , no disappointment there . But it is a bit more `` fragile '' than what I expected . In fact , it can be opened and closed it is so thin . I am not sure if that 's a good thing ... I 'm waiting for it to snap.But still , very pretty and it 's not plastic ... so I should be able to get some wear out of it .
 Beautiful bracelet . I like that the cuff is adjustable as I have a freakishly small wrist for an adult . however , it does seem to be a bit bottom heavy so it end up flipped around most of the time , requiring adjusting on my part . my only other mild complaint is that the first day I wore it , it ended up having a little chunk taken out of it . But it 's still decent for the price .
 I brought this to match a hematite necklace and ring I brought elsewhere . It is a perfect match . I just love it . Shipping was fast .
 I was impressed when I received this bracelet . It is beautiful and looks genuine . It does n't look cheap nor feels like plastic . The price is great as well . I have ordered several other pieces from silver speck and I am pleased and will continue to order from them .
 The bali beads and faceted onyx beads are a nice combination and set each other off very nicely . The onyx beads are shiny and the faceting gives them a little sparkle and pizazz . The bracelet looks exactly as pictured . Inside unstretched measurement is six inches .
 Although this is a little snug , it still looks very elegant on my wrist . It is well made and looks great with my other onyx pieces .
 Bought this as a replacement for my mother . The one I bought her a few years ago broke . The bracelet is very durable . Mom had a lot of difficulty , due to health problems , with putting jewlery on . This bracelet was easy for her to put on and very attractive looking .
 The picture Amazon provides for this ring does n't really do it justice . It appears more stretched out than it really is . The stones are a lot closer together than they appear . They have a great shine to them as well , not as dull as the picture may imply!I really love this ring ! I wear it every day . The only thing I want to mention is because of the amount of stones -LRB- 7 -RRB- , it definitely covers the entire top of my finger and sometimes rubs against the sides of the 2 fingers next to it . It 's not often noticeable , though , and I think it 's mostly because I have kind of small fingers , so I might notice it more than most people with normal sized hands !
 ... I bought this for my daughter to stack with a citrine one , blue topaz one , and cz one . The stones are well matched , fairly clear and pretty bright . She is thrilled with it ! Very good value especially on sale !!!
 I 've had this necklace for about 2 years , and still recieve compliments each time I wear it . I will say , though , that the heart does n't always stay on the `` side '' that I fasten it on - I 'll think I 've put it on with the plain side facing out , and it flips around during the day . It 's lovely though !
 I LOVE this necklace !! Great quality , nice packaging !! I definitely will be buying more stuff from them !!! VERY HAPPY !!
 its a bit smaller than i thought it would be ... but its very pretty ... thank you
 This is a really nice necklace with a substantial chain that would work for either a guy or a girl .
 Purchased several small hollow heart shaped sterling silver pendants to give as gifts and everyone , including myself , marveled at how beautiful they are . Price was great and shipping charges were low . Would do business with Sabrina Silver again anytime .
 Just dressy enough to wear at night and just enough to wear in the office during the day . Nice weight and very good quality at the price . I have had a lot of compliments .
 I HAVE SPENT HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS ON `` PINK '' RINGS-AND IT IS VERY HARD TO GET ONE THAT DOES ' T HAVE A NASTY YELLOW GLOW-UNLESS YOU GO TO A PINK DIAMOND -LRB- AND THAT 'S WHAT I WANT -RRB- - WELL I HAD THIS BEAUTIFUL ESTATE PINK BAND WITH A SOFT PINK COLOR -LRB- NO YELLOW -RRB- AND I SAW THIS-GOT IT-NOW HAVE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WEDDING SET THAT LOOKS LIKE PINK DIAMONDS.I LOVE THIS RING.IF YOU REALLY KNOW PINK RINGS AND WANT A REAL PINK WITHOUT THE YELLOW GLARE = THIS IS IT.JUST GORGEOUS.THANKS FOR SUCH A NICE RING THAT I COULD AFFORD .
 This is a nice ring . The stone is darker in color then what showed on my monitor . The previous reviewer mentioned pink stones that look yellow - this is my first piece with a pink stone and I would say it is a true `` pink '' that if anything leans towards purple in color . The quality is high and the stone sparkles .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 Worn on a long chain this neckace is quite pretty and I have had a lot of positive comments from others . A very fun piece and affordable .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 I saw an Aroya necklace like this for $ 300 . This almost looks identical . The pearls are shaped oddly , not round .
 This pendant looks just like the product picture . It is a nice size and is a medium blue with touches of pyrite and calcite . The dolphin on the bail makes for an interesting touch .
 One thing that is not advertised is the size of this product . For those of you wondering the cross is about 3/4 in . long by 1/2 in . wide . To read the Lord 's Prayer you need to put your eye really close to the stone in the middle . The version of the Lord 's Prayer is the commonly known one based off of the King James Version . It ends with '' ... but deliver us from evil . Amen . '' -LRB- Excludes `` for thine is the kingdom , and the power , and the glory , forever and ever . Amen . '' -RRB- Overall I think a nice religious product .
 wife was very happy with the cross . It is larger and more decorative than the one we had looked at in Walmart .
 The service I received from this company was great . I received this item just in time for Mother 's Day . The presentation of the box was beautiful . The pendant was a little smaller than I had expected but it was still very pretty .
 This is a very pretty necklace . However , the prayer in the middle is a little hard to see but it is worth the price paid I like the sterling silver
 These are beautiful earrings . How much are they , and where can I buy them ?
 I bought this for my adult daughter . She likes unique jewelry with natural stones and this was perfect . She loved it . It 's very pretty . The cost was affordable .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 Since writing my earlier review , the seller has contacted me , fully refunded my S&H ; cost to return the damaged item , and I 've already received a beautiful replacement . The seller has made everything right and in decent time . I would deal with this seller again.The pendant itself was beautiful . the silver horse and winged knight rider were beautifully crafted and the circular stone disk was beautiful except that it contained a tiny chip in the edge of it . i 'm inclined to think the chip was present during the creation or assembly because the inside area of the cut appeared to be polished . I decided i wanted a perfect pendant , not one with a chip in the edge of it so I returned it and am hoping for a replacement.I 've sent two emails to inquire about a replacement -LRB- the first email i sent about 5-6 days ago -RRB- and as yet have received no reply to either one . In addition , they sent me a defective pendant . i beleive it was chipped when they packaged it and sent it as is anyway . One final note
 I purchased this as a gift and am really hoping he is as pleased with it as I am . Love it !
 I 've been wearing it as a necklace for months , ca n't even go out without hanging it in my neck . Looks gorgeous and reflects my style towards public .
 excellent seller . they even worked with me on some issues with shipping at no extra charge .
 my mother in law who is a big horse and celtic fan was very pleasd to recieve this unusual gift .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 This swiss blue topaz & -LRB- 2 -RRB- diamond ring is elegant in its simplicity . And since it 's titanium , it 's super lightweight . Even the 5 mm band looks great on my -LRB- scholar 's hands -RRB- long thin fingers . Overnight shipping from Just Metal is a bonus to the price & 15 % discount . It 's a shame you can not see the smile on my face .
 Is wonderful . Fast shipping and a ring I wear all the time now on sale for a superb price !!
 My husband is a Master Automotive Technician and he wanted something that would with stand the damage of his profession and this titanium ring does just that . After a while is does lose it 's shine , but with a polishing rag the shine comes back . This ring is light weight , beautiful and you do n't even know you have it on . Everyone that sees our rings are amazed at how pretty this ring is and wants to know where I got it at and I let them know where I got it at .
 Ring is exactly like the picture ... true to size ... very reasonably priced ... arrived very quickly ... have gotten lots of compliments ...
 Well its just perfect for a promise ring , but its not quite the engagement ring that I had hoped for , but its beautiful . Everyone who has seen it has said , `` Wow , that 's pretty , '' in those words . And boy I wish that I had ordered the right size , because He 'd love to wear it , but its just too big . As soon as I can figure out how to exchange it or return it and get a size 10 instead of an 11 I will . It really is a beautiful ring , and its nice that its in our birthstone . It looks just like the pictures , no disapointments .
 outstanding earrings . The picture does n't do them justice . Solid quality construction too . The wife loves them , wears them all the time and gets compliments pretty often .
 I loved the bracelet . It was for my daughter , her first `` real '' piece of jewelry . However , it 's a baby bracelet , not childrens which it says in the title . Luckily , I 'm a pretty experienced jeweler myself , so I was able to disassemble it and rebuild large enough to fit her -LRB- she 's only 10 but it was waaaaay too small originally -RRB- . She loved it , and I was able to make her a pair of matching earrings to go with it . All in all , we were very satisfied , but others might not be if they are expecting it to fit a child above the age of 1 . I think it would be wise to change the title to `` baby bracelet '' though . Even the packaging that comes with it , states `` baby bracelet '' not children 's .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 Love these , I 've received alot of complements on them . I had feared that they would be heavy , but they are not at all .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 THESE EARRINGS WERE BETTER THAN I EXPECTED , I GET SO MANY COMPLIMENTS ON THEM WHERE I GOT THEM HOW MUCH ETC , THEY ARE LIGHT ON MY EARS AND SO ATTRACTIVE , I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE TO ALL GREAT FIND !!!!
 These were the only trombone earrings I could find on line and they were perfect . Matched the necklace I found , just right ! Good timely service .
 I 've used bioplast nose rings and nipple rings and I love them . So light and comfy !! I highly recommend bioplast body jewelry .
 This is the best stud I 've ever had ... its very easy to take out the top part when i go to work ... no one can tell i have a nose ring in at all . Then when i come home i can put it back in and bammm i have a nose ring ... . I WOULD recommend this to everyone that has a nose ring ! super comfortable , i do n't ever feel like i have a big booger in my nose ! Thanks
 I really like this stud - it 's a nice size , pretty and sparkly without being too big or gaudy . The only reason I 'm giving it four stars is because Body Candy takes at least two days from the date you make your order to ship stuff -LRB- even if you order directly from their site - so it 's not an Amazon issue -RRB- - but otherwise , great piece of jewelry . I also like the fact that you do n't have to mess around with removing the screw to get a new look ; you can just pop out the jewel and replace it with a new one of a different color/shape . Bioplast/Bioflex is by far THE most comfortable body jewelry you 'll ever own .
 This is really nice . Fits well , looks good , comfortable . Great price . Overall , super !
 good design , AAA stone quality -LRB- i assume since it change colors it came from africa region -RRB- good toy : -RRB-
 The pendant is just as pictured , vibrant blue , with a quirky setting . It gets attention !
 I bought this for my mom 's birthday last year and she loved it ! Wears it almost everyday and to my knowledge has had no problems with it . It shipped quick and came in a cute purple box so I didnt have to wrap it . I have also purchased peora necklaces for my sister , mother in law and best friend . Love it !
 This is a perfect gift for a boyfriend who doesnt have time to go out and go shoppping , either way , who wants to wait in traffic and lines ? this is perfect , it come to like $ 64.14 , and its at ur door relativily soon , free shipping too . good stuff mang .
 I really love this pendant ! The chain is very nice quality and the pendant itself is the perfect size for what I was looking for . The stone has a very nice rich purple color and is very clear without inclusions . Very good buy .
 A dainty , classic design piece and I would have liked matching earrings . Good color but a bit on the small side .
 i LOVE this ring ... its very pretty and very simple . ive gotten compliments on how unique it is . absolutely LOVE it !!
 The pendant was nice , color online looked more turquoise but it was a darker blue . Still nice pendant for a good price .
 My bags arrived in good time and in great condition . They are perfect for my jewelry items I sell at the flea market and trade shows . And the wording that states ` Jewelry of Quality ' is very appropriate for my products . I chose the silver and white color as it goes well with my black and white packaging I use for my jewelry line . Very pleased with my bags and my customers think they look very professional .
 For what you are paying this bracelet is beautiful . This was my first jewelry item I got from Amazon , and I was not disappointed . The Sapphire stones are dark and sometimes easily mistaken for black stones , but either way the metal is sturdy and I 've had this bracelet for the last 2 years . If your looking for a beautiful gift for a loved one , but do n't have much to spend this is a perfect gift .
 I was so pleased when I received this in the mail . It was absolutely beautiful with nice weight . It was a gift for a family member , but I think I 'll buy one for myself !
 Beautiful bracelet !! Fair pricing and excellent service ... I am truly enjoying wearing this lovely bracelet and have received numerous compliments on it , thank you !
 The Sterling Silver San Marco Saphhire bracelet is beautiful . It was a gift for Christmas and the person receiving it absolutely loved it . I sparkles like nothing else and the sapphires are flawless . Absolutely beautiful . I would suggest to anyone to buy this product . The link is also a protective link so it can ' fall off . Julie U.
 SHE LOVES IT ! Bought it expecting the best and that 's what i got . Thanks so much I 've seen your other products and have some anniversary ideas !
 This is a beautiful piece of work , my wife is extremely pleased with it.Sterling Silver San Marco Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Bracelet
 These are very pretty earrings that catch the light and sparkle .
 Very pretty and sparkly . Gave it as a gift and recipient loves it ! am thinking of getting a pair for myself .
 I an very pleased with the earrings , I put them on as soon as I got them , already receiving compiments from co-workers .
 I get so many compliments on these earrings . They 're lightweight and they 're so pretty ! I wear them all the time .
 The shipping was fast . The dangles look better than on the picture . I love how the crystals catch the light . :D Thank you . I 'll buy again .
 These earrings are very comfortable to wear . They are light weight and I love leverbacks ; they are secure and no pinching . When they reflect light the colors are brilliant and eye-catching . I definitely recommend these earrings . The price was perfect and shipping was fast .
 This is a very beautiful set of earrings , they go with everything . I wear them alsmot every day and I 'm satisfied . Get lots of compliments on them .
 like the earring , it 's pretty and sparking enough . But the packing box was squashed when arrived .
 I just received these earrings last week and as soon as I saw them I instantley fell in love with them . They are very well made -LRB- love the lever backs -RRB- Great Quality piece of jewlery . I wear them every day because they conform to and match everything I wear , including jeans !! I recommend these 100 % , no doubt .
 Great quality and more beautiful than in the picture . I also bought a bracelet and anklet . I would recommend Gem Avenue to all of my friends .
 These earrings are even more beautiful than pictured . Lots of sparkle and strong leverbacks . Gem Avenue is really a `` gem '' to do business with and one of my most favorite sellers . I love these earrings ! You can dress them up or wear with bluejeans . Amazing quality for the price .
 It was smaller than I thought it would be but I am very pleased with the quality of the charm . I had it blessed & I intend on wearing it every day of my life .
 I agree with the other reviewer that this medal is small , but it 's perfect for me . I wear it on a short necklace , and would recommend it for someone looking for a dainty piece of jewelry with a strong presence .
 Pendant is beautiful ! Perfect weight for a pendant . The detailed design is very intricate with a high polish shine . Delivered within in a dark blue velvet pouch and blue gift box . Classy and not cheap looking !
 The Archangel Michael white gold medal is small in size , but the Big on quality . I would recommend this piece if you 're looking for something to wear everyday and anyday .
 I 'm very happy with this pin . It is of good quality , the colors are vibrant . The detail is good and the back of the pin stays in place . I plan on buying more .
 I gave it a five star because the charm is small but very cute . The orange yellow gold enamel is not the color on the charm , but it is a bright yellow . It does have the option to open the top part so you can hang it to a charm bracelet . I loved it !
 i love this neckalce i have had it for five years now and it has lasted perfectly.the craftsmanship is wonderful very durable . i suggest it for anybody who likes dragons .
 I ordered two of these rings as Christmas gifts . They were heavier than I expected them to be , not at all flimsy or cheap-looking . The inlays seemed to be of high-quality - very bright stones and flush with the silver band . I was very pleased with this item .
 I purchased this ring as a gift for my husband . Very masculine looking ring with a thick shank or band made of sterling silver . Nicely detailed and finished cut and polished . Makes a wonderful gift for any man who loves native american style jewelry . Black triangles add a touch of unique one of a kind look that compliments the buffalo perfectly . Weight is heavier than I expected and although S&H a bit pricey 7.95 . Shipped Fed Ex and will arrive in time for the holidays .
 A customer review convinced me to purchase this Buffalo ring , and I 'm very pleased . This ring is top notch in looks , feel , design and the rich colors of the stones are outstanding . The stones are very flush with the band so nothing irrates the finger when the band turns around . I was very impressed with how quickly the ring arrived . So much care went into packing the ring that it took awhile to finally get to the small box inside . That 's the good news . The bad news
 I purchased this ring becuase of the unique design shown and the description . The ring was delivered in a timely manner and met all of my expectations . The ring fit perfectly and I 'm very pleased . I have received numerous compliments on the ring .
 Beautiful color and lovely silver ring . The band had a nice weight and thickness to it . It runs just a bit small so consider that when you size it . I absolutely love the ring , it 's very comfortable and I wear it every day . I 'm a woman and I think it works well as a man 's or women 's ring
 This ring is beautiful and well made , it is worth the price and more . I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price . What is better is the customer service was outstanding . In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review . But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them ! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too .
 I ordered this for my husband . It is beautiful , well-made , unusual . He loved it !!
 After purchasing from Something Silver , I was pleasantly surprised when the order -LRB- which had been on sale -RRB- arrived three days early . The company was timely , helpful , and create outstanding products . I would recommend their products without hesitation .
 Love this necklace . It is actually shorter then I thought though , it also is less blingy too . None the less , it 's beautifully on me and I recommend it to my friends who always ask about it ,
 I 'm not exactly sure how to review an engagement ring setting , but here goes . Its a fairly affordable platinum setting . I bought it as part of the engagement ring for my -LRB- now -RRB- fiancee . The setting is shiny and heavy just like it should be . Its a little bit on the heavy side , which is a side effect of choosing platinum rather than white gold , but it wo n't dull as much . My only complaint is that Amazon did n't offer rings in quarter sizes . However , rounding to the nearest half-size did n't make a big difference and the ring looks great on my fiancee 's finger .
 This is a very nice ring . It is very shiny , and also very $ $ . Very cool .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 This pendant has a beautiful stone . It is a very rich swiss blue color . This stone has no hint of green . It 's color is deep and saturated true blue . 2.25 carats makes it a really nice size solitare . The setting is simple sterling silver . The bail photographs more pronounced than it really is . The entire focus of this pendant is the stone , which is extremely clear , vibrant , and very well cut . I have received many compliments . Peora , the seller , also makes matching earrings . I purchased both pieces . It is a lovely set .
 After purchasing from Something Silver , I was pleasantly surprised when the order -LRB- which had been on sale -RRB- arrived three days early . The company was timely , helpful , and create outstanding products . I would recommend their products without hesitation .
 After purchasing from Something Silver , I was pleasantly surprised when the order -LRB- which had been on sale -RRB- arrived three days early . The company was timely , helpful , and create outstanding products . I would recommend their products without hesitation .
 As a former jeweler 's assistant , I fell in love with pretty from day one . I love my ring . It is not perfect , but , as any jeweler will tell you , there 's no such thing as perfect when it comes to the real thing . -LRB- By the way , one can say that about people , too ! -RRB-
 After purchasing from Something Silver , I was pleasantly surprised when the order -LRB- which had been on sale -RRB- arrived three days early . The company was timely , helpful , and create outstanding products . I would recommend their products without hesitation .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 We package items at Church and give them to people on Chemo . This makes a very nice inexpensive item included in their basket .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 This ladybug charm is very cute and dainty . I like it a lot . I am glad I got it .
 This item arrived and the wife loved it . If she is happy , I am happy .
 I loved the ladybug . I would be happy to buy a matching ladybug necklace .
 Mine has only three of those ribbons , not 4 ! in photo it is shown that there are 4 of those ribbons.but in general it is beautiful I love it
 I just got this bracelet today 7 days before i was suppose to and i couldnt be happier It fits amazing and I am goimng to wear it everyday for a long time.I got this to show support everyday for what so many women live with and survive from i am so thankful . .
 I ordered this for a friend who just found out she has breasts cancer and needs surgery . They sent the wrong item . I sent and email and got a response with in a few hours . By the next day they had shipped my item . I received it with in 3 days . I was very pleased ... Thank You
 It is very small and nice . I LOVE it . I am very proud of the purchase that I made . Thank you .
 I ordered these to sell at a silent auction to raise money for a local team that was walking in the Susan G. Komen 2-day walk in Tampa , FL . We were able to raise a little over what I paid for them which makes it worth it .
 This pendant arrived in great shipping and was very shiny and prety . I intend to give it to my mother who will appreciate it 's quality . It is a bit smaller , but that is what I and my mother both like . It will catch people 's eye .
 My purchase 's thru amazon have always been great . The charm was for my granddaughter and she is absolutely happy with it . Seeing her happy makes me even happier .
 I will have to admit , at first i thought it would not be all that nice because of the price . But i have to tell you that after i recieved the ring through the mail i wass very supprised and very pleased . I will definatly pass information on to all my friends and let them know how easy it was to find exactly what i was looking for from Amazon .
 Great product to support a fantastic cause ! I worked all summer out by a pool in Las Vegas , and often used wristbands to wipe the sweat from my head and face . After wearing the pink breast cancer awareness wristbands , it made a lot of our customers aware that us dudes are on board with the fight against breast cancer !
 items were great but not what I ordered . Buyer beware . I ordered all pink got 1/2 white 1/2 pink now i know why there store name is My Jewel THIEF . They are THIEFS . These items were for -LRB- 60 -RRB- 12-14 year old boys & they are so disappointed . Big mistake to order from this company .
 For a little over two dollars this wristband package is a good deal . We received two bands , both white with the pink , embroidered ribbon . The absorbent bands are a little snug , but with their soft elasticity they fit Mrs. Spudman 's petite wrists perfectly . Both bands come with plenty of loose threads that have to be plucked or cut off , but for the low price this is to be expected.Our two Pink Ribbon wristbands were made in Yiwu , China .
 The wristbands are of good quality and the football players liked them . The only drawback was they came half white and pink and I needed all pink.I think they should be sold only solid colors and can be ordered mixed if wanted that way otherwise liked !
 This was a good purchase my daughter made to go along with the Breast Cancer knee socks she purchased and the shoe laces . They were for awareness during her basketball games .
 This product is pretty awesome for what you pay for it - I 'm not even sure my price paid covered the cost to ship them to me . I was a little caught off guard as I only received two white bands . I think I assumed I was getting two pairs -LRB- 4 total -RRB- based on the photo but after reading the description more carefully it was clear it was only one pair -LRB- 2 bands -RRB- . These are going to work great for my upcoming half marathon and at this price I can pitch them halfway through the race if needed and not feel bad about it .
 I was very satified with this merchandise . I purchased the item for the purpose that it was Breast cancer awarness month . I wore it while playing my softball games . What I liked about it was the quality of the wristband . It was comfortable , thick , well fitted , width was excellent and the price was hard to turn down . The opposing team complimented me on the wristbands and they stated that they look great . The funny thing my own teammates did n't say anything , but they were staring at them . I believe they were thinking to do the same.Thank you for your support .
 I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band . Once I found it , I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price . It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect .
 This ring of all the rings that I have purchased from Gem Avenue is by far my favorite . It reminds me of a Tiffany style that I have seen through the years . Friends are amazed when I say it is CZ .
 I do like the ring , it is very pretty . I did not carefully read the size of the CZ on the ring . It is too big for my personal taste . If you like bling ... this will be your thing . I like Gem Avenue 's service and selection so I ordered a new ring with a smaller CZ . I like simplicity in jewelry . If you like a bigger sparkle then this will be the ring for you . It is very pretty and I do like the design of the ring . It was true to size and came in a lovely little box with a bow .
 When I ordered this ring , it was not what I expected . Even better . I am very pleased with the way it looks and I love the style . I get more compliments on this ring than my actual wedding ring .
 I liked this necklace so much I had to go back and order it for a couple of my friends . It is very simple and elegant , and goes well with casual or dressy outfits . As a gift it is perfect - it has both beauty and inspiration in one gift .
 I bought it as an merriage anniversary gift for my wife . She loves it , good choice !
 I love these earrings ! The color is bold & beautiful & the quality is top-notch . I would definitely make another purchase from this artisan .
 These earrings are great for 2 reasons :1 . they are perfectly round2.they are orangeTherefore , they remind me of one of my most favorite people in the world , Karl Pilkington . Congrats for creating jewelry so like Karl 's head .
 Detail
 Decent jewelry with great package at an good price.The jewerly is good quality but better and more fun is the themed package . And the price is low enough to buy several of this series of jewerly .
 This is a beautiful ring . Very comfortable to wear and striking . It 's substantial and not at all flimsy .
 The dove pin inspired me to write a positive review . I never feel too certain about ordering online from pictures - ` you just never know what it really looks like . ' I was blown away by how beautiful , simple and sturdy the dove pin is . It absolutely exceeded my expectations . And furthermore the packaging is elegant . It comes pinned to a beautiful red ribbon in a small turquoise bag - in a lovely turquoise box . Opening it was a delight . Love it !
 I have this chain . . it is perfect for a pendant . Just the right thickness . A real good price . Excellent chain well worth the money . Actually much better priced than the local jewelry stores.I would buy this chain again .
 I am very pleased with both items I received from Nvie Designs . They arrived very quickly , were nicely packaged and were as advertised . I will order from this company again .
 Very happy with my purchase of the gold hoop earrings . Quality is very good as always
 The quality is excellent ! They are very beautiful and I have already received many compliments on these earrings.If they are available in white gold , I will purchase them as well .
 these are good quality earrings with a solid clasp . I wear them all the time even in showers and sleeping and they are comfortable , lightweight , and secure .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000F3S7WU 14k Yellow GoldVery classy looking ! My wife loves them ! Buy with confidence , do n't let the price fool you , they 're nice .
 Yet another excellent product from this seller ; beautifully delicate rose quartz drop pendant on a sterling silver chain ; perfect gift idea !! AA + + + + + + + for this seller ... would definitely order from them again !!!
 My brother-in-law was just selected to serve as a court of appeals judge and we gave him these as a gift on the day of his investiture . He loved them and they did look stunning and very nicely packaged .
 Beautiful bracelet . Heavy stainless steel and the 14 Kt screws really make a pop ! My husband had looked at several more expensive bracelets at our local jewelers and we are thrilled that we purchased this one .
 I recently bought this bracelet for my husband 's birthday . It is masculine and classy at the same time . My husband loves it and wears it when he dresses up for work and when he dresses down for the weekend . We are very happy with this purchase .
 I get more comments on this necklace than any other piece of jewelry i 've ever worn.It looks like there are diamonds in it but just very sparkly !
 Bought this necklace as a gesture to my girlfriend when our families blended last year.She is horrible about necklaces , would rather opt to wear them everyday without ever taking them off to clean them , UGH!I managed to get it away from her and needless to say , almost a year of constant wear has n't really bothered it so much .
 A product with original design , beautiful and modern!I really liked it!Parents & 4 Children Loving Family Necklace
 These are great ! I bought them to replace some that my boyfriend lost after he bought them in Britain . They are n't exactly the same but he loves them just as much!Thanks !
 Very beautiful pendant ! I bought it as a gift to my Mom and she loved it ! Great price , great product
 This was just what I was looking for . It arrived in a timely manner and was packaged well .
 These were a gift for my granddaughter . She loves them as she always doeswhen I give her Gem Avenue jewelry .
 This was a gift for my teenage daughter who loves the lapis stone . Great price for what you get ! Very pretty and elegant .
 Though I thought it would be larger , the cross has a beautiful quality to it.Based on the size , I 'd say it 's worth the sale price , which I paid , and not the original price .
 The books cufflinks were well received . I hads expected them to be a little larger but that was just my expectation and in no way constitutes a false representation.I am ell pleased
 This is a beautiful colored ring with natural variations of pink throughout . You will be hard pressed to decide which part to place on top of your hand ! The jewelry arrives well packaged and safe .
 I got the ring before the date told . it came in a pretty little box . it was the right color and size
 PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IT WAS PACKAGED VERY NICE AND SAFE AND IT IS A VERY NICE RING .
 The ring arrived in a pretty box and it was more than what I was hoping for ! It arrived to my house very quickly . Thank you !
 The pictures did not do this stand justice ! When I opened the box I was pleasently surprised by so many extra details you ca n't see in the photo ! It is beautiful . So worth the money!The seller does say that there is a short processing period so , if it 's going to be a gift like mine was , make sure you order early enough to get it on time !
 I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SELLERSUPER FAST SHIPPING !!! VERY WELL PACKAGED !!!! THANKS FOR EVERYTHING .
 I wish the site would specify the weight of each earring . I like these and others here , but I wo n't buy them without knowing their weight . If they are too heavy , they hurt .
 This item arrived promptly . It was in a box that is completely acceptable for gift giving . It looks just like the picture and it came with a necklace to put it on . No complaints at all .
 You get exactly what you pay for . A nice , simple ring . The diamond 's quality is decent enough for the untrained eye -LRB- like mine -RRB- . My only request would be to see the ring shipped with a felt case , and that it 's pictures inlude one with it on someone 's finger.Other than that , I 'm engaged . So it must have worked .
 A very nice ring with lotsa gold . I love it and you will too . Buy it NOW !!!! . The ring is very comfortable and everyone will compliment you on it .
 I picked this up for myself on a whim , it just looks so dreamy . And it is . It 's not the usual sparkly flash , but the gorgeous pale blue ocean coloring is stunning . I 've had so many compliments , it 's dainty but sized on the dramatic side . Love it . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 Sterling Silver Ocean Aventurine Flower RingI love this ring . I was pleased with its simple beauty . It is sturdy . I am not gentle with rings . This has lasted through my routine days washing , lifting , etc. . I get lots of complements on it . I have a ring mandrel . It is true to size .
 the previous review said it right when she said it was `` dainty and dramatic . '' The color is beautiful , exactly what I hoped it would be.Also , I 've read that Adventurine is considered to have healing properties , and some call it a `` Healer of the Heart and the Soul . '' -LRB- if you believe in such things ;-RRB- Ca n't hurt , right ?
 Beautiful earrings and the picture does n't do them justice . The Mother of Pearl is more white than yellow ; wonderful quality and not heavy on the ear . Fast shipping and great detail taken in packaging with earrings shipped in a satchel .
 Great quality at a very competitive price . Platinum is expensive and this ring is not light , but is well worth it .
 I love this ring . I tend to like simple rings that are not overwhelmingly big . While a little bit bigger than some of my rings , the size is just right for the design . I actually wear it quite often as it looks good with both casual and dressy things .
 This ring was beautiful and it looked much more expensive that it was . I gave it as a gift and the recipient was thrilled .
 i bought this bracelet for myself for my wedding . i bought it to match ' 1928 ' bridal set of necklace and earings . it goes really well , very good quality and very beatiful , nice price . i think people will think it 's real diamonds in white gold , it 's elegant , understated and yet sprinkly enough to shine . i love it !
 I own this ring and absolutely love it ! It is very pretty and gives your hand an antique victorian flair . You will not be disappointed!Happy Shopping & Happy Holidays !
 I bought this tongue ring for my husband . He love 's his tongue ring . He wears it once in a while but not all the time . Looks great also .
 I did n't realize that the pendant would be so small . By boyfriend loved it , because he is in the airforce and his name is Chris . St. Christopher has always meant a lot to him and his family . Besides the pendant being small , it is very nice . My only other complaint is that the chain is very small , and it actually broke after about a week . I did n't mind that much because we had a chain laying around so he just put it on that chain , but it still should n't have broken after only a week . : -LRB-
 Very comfortable , seems to be of great quality so far . Exactly what I thought it would be . Great price .
 quality product , exactly what i expected , would do business again
 The earrings arrived in a neat little box with a product card . They were perfect for my friend , the French teacher 's , birthday . Reasonable in price and beautiful ... who could ask for more ?
 There 's not a lot to say about this item , but I will include these points : - End stays screwed on relatively well - Nice quality ; not easily damaged - Does not irritate or inflame piercing - Not uncomfortable to wear
 Looks even better than on the picture , could n't believe it looked this good for the price ... got it for a friend 's Xmas present , she loves it .
 These were quite elegant and the perfect gift for true wine connoseur , who has everything . Thank you very much .
 These are beautiful earrings . I bought many of these Novica Collection Flower Earrings in different colors and they are all very well hand crafted and gorgeous .
 I wear this 24/7 and it never looks dull ! Gets a lot of compliments = -RRB-
 The photo does not come close to doing justice to this absolutely lovely , feminine , fine quality and sparkling pendant with a smooth and shiney box chain . The diamonds are gorgeous and pave set . Comes in a quality gift box too . I am very impressed with my purchase and the price is a real bargain !! Would make a fabulous gift for that special person in your life . You will be very happy with this great deal from Amazon !!
 My brother in the coast guard loved this necklace !!!! Great price too - the cheapest I have found online but still great quality
 Great Gift this Chinese Pendant , gift for this , who likes interesting -LSB- . . -RSB- with a 18 ' a chain .
 This is a nice shiny gift for those on a budget . I gave this to my girlfriend and while she would like some really big diamonds she wears this thing most of the time and says she likes it .
 The stones are small , but it looks very nice , especially for the price . I saw others in the store that were not much cheaper , but even smaller
 Very pretty , with 9 diamond hearts all the way around -LRB- in the picture it looks like there are just 3 -RRB- .
 my husband got it for me , its really nice , only problem is the clasp is a little hard to do your self ... but its really a nice bracelet !
 These are one of several pairs of earring I have purchased from this seller and I am very satisfied . These looked like fun and even my husband noticed them and liked them . I am glad I found this seller . They have not disappointed me in product or in the time it took to receive them.Lady Darline
 The necklace is very well made and the stones and metal have a good shine . It looks just as beautiful as shown in the images . It is not too delicate and does n't twist or turn upside down much when you wear it or atleast it corrects itself . I wish it had matching earrings , though I have found earrings which can be paired with this necklace on amazon and novica . It is a very striking necklace so will not blend easily with every outfit but definitely worth buying .
 This is a cool bracelet . It is very fexible so it will fit every wrist . Not super shiney , but that the nature of pewter . A good buy !
 I am pleased with the way it looks on me , but the braclet itself is a little flimsy . It will open easier than most braclets i have bought , but overall for the price i am very pleased with it .
 Beautiful treat for my self ! Would recommend this item as a gift for any occasion . The gift that keeps on giving . Have had so many compliments .
 It is a joy to own this piece . I love the color of silver but , can not wear sterling silver and white gold is expensive . However , this is made of stainless and therefore it will never turn . Just a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 The bracelet seen on the web is a little off . I have a small wrist so when I received the bracelet I knew it would be large . The writing on the bracelet is smaller than I would have liked but beautifully done none the less . The construction and sturdiness of the bracelet is excellent and shiny . If it was n't for the size it would be my favorite .
 Bought this as a gift for a friend . He 's not much of one to wear jewelry really , but had thoroughly enjoyed both the bracelet and the message imprinted on it . He 's received loads of compliments about it . Great product .
 I was very pleased when I put this bracelet on my wrist . It is light and comfortable . The quality is very good . Love it !
 Bracelet arrived nicely packed and in good condition . The writing is very very small but otherwise I am very much enjoying my purchase .
 I actually display this on my combat vest here in Iraq . It even caused my platoon sergeant to tell me to take it off because it was offensive . Too bad for him , he did n't tell the guys wearing rosaries to take theirs off too.I love the tarnished look and it 's anti-reflective qualities allow me to wear it on my vest and not make me look like a gangsta with bling-bling . My only complaint is that the leather cord it comes with was tied wrong so that no matter how I would wear it , the cross always flips backwards . I just used a different chain and it works fine.It 's cheaply made but looks more like dark , tarnished metal , which I like .
 This is so pretty and exactly what I was looking for ! I wear it every day , it 's one of my favorite pieces of jewelry I own . I thought it might look fake and tacky at first but I was so wrong
 This necklace is nice made , looks elegant and makes a great statement . It is packaged nicely and is a great addition to my collection , I 'll wear it often .
 GREAT NECKLACE IT HAS A NICE FINISH AND GREAT WEIGHT ON IT NOT TO HEAVY AND NOT TO LIGHT IT 'S MY FAVORITE NECKLACE
 This was a great buy . It shipped quickly and the pendant even came with a necklace so I could immediately wear it .
 I bought this necklace for my girlfriend and she wears it all the time . It is great and seems well made so far .
 As a three-time buyer from Dan 's Jewelers , I know what to expect . I 've always been impressed with every necklace I 've bought from them but , much like the guitar necklace , I 'm disappointed on the size of the pendant itself . I mean , it doese n't look bad when you wear it and there is obviously a lot of detail here but I think it should be much bigger to show that detail . I 'd really love to see a bigger version , I 'd buy it in a heartbeat . The biggest pendant I 've seen from this seller is the bearded dragon , which is borderline huge but it looks great and I think this would be an awesome follow-up . It 's a cool pendant , very tarnished-looking .
 I bought this inverted cross from Dan 's Jewelers . The delivery speed was amazing and came only a few days after I ordered . My items were safely packaged and the inverted cross was better then I expected . Great product .
 Great product ! My son 's band loves this item . Quick , professional service from seller as well . Excellent pricing and great communication from seller .
 The anti-religious population does not know of the true meaning of the inverted cross . The inverted cross refers to when Peter -LRB- one of the Twelve -RRB- refused to be crucified -LRB- he was a martyr -RRB- right side up as Jesus did because he felt he was not worthy . So he was crucified upside down . It 's kind of sad knowing you are buying the cross to combat religion when you are actually doing the opposite . I 'm sure there are another 100 anti-religion necklaces so be glad that you read this before buying it . Peace !
 The detail on this item is so beautiful , always a fun item to pair up with boots and fishnet shirt .
 A High quality piece of jewelry . Gets all kinds stares and comments . I 'd recommend this to any Satanist .
 Overall : Quality merchandise , modest prices , prompt delivery . I was so happy when I discovered Dan 's Jewelers . I had tried relentlessly to find this specific type of jewelry that I , and/or others I know , identify with . At last I found just what I was looking for . This was my second time ordering from Dan 's Jewelers and definitely not the last time . I am very pleased with how quickly my order arrived and was happy to know that the jewelry is well made and looks awesome . If you find something that interests you , I definitely reccomend Dan 's Jewelers .
 I love owls and have been looking for an owl belly ring for a long time . This one really appealed to me because of the jewel design . When the belly ring arrived I was delighted to see that it was very shiny -LRB- I 've had it for months now and it still has not tarnished or dulled in anyway -RRB- . The only thing that keeps me from wearing this everyday is the fact that it sometimes gets caught on my clothing.All in all this is a very pretty and well crafted belly ring .
 I love this belly button ring . Nicely made and the gems really hold up and have n't fallen out . Have gotten a lot of compliments on it . I 'd buy from this company again .
 This is a very pretty belly ring . I was very pleased when i got it and it even came in a little black box which i think was pretty cool . I love how it looks when i am wearing it . It does n't look like too much on and it 's perfect if you just want a little glam . The owl design is very pretty and unique . I would definitely recommend this : -RRB-
 I am completely in love with this belly button ring . It looks just like the picture ! It 's super cute and the delivery was very quick ! I will definitely buy from this company again !
 Pendal is an excellent product made to specifications that describes the product , lightweight and comfortable , meets expectations , the product arrived in the expected time
 The pendant was just what i expected and i am very pleased with my purchase . The only bad thing i can say is that the black necklace it comes with is already starting to shred so I 'd suggest putting the pendant on a different necklace .
 The necklace was shipped fast and got to me very quickly . It was packaged very well .
 This ring is absolutely beautiful . The stone is huge for Tanzanite and the band is very substantial . I am very pleased with my ring and feel I got it for a bargain price at $ 225.00 . I would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves Tanzanite .
 Ordered this bracelet from Amazon , got it very quickly and have had it for a few weeks . I wear it all the time ane love it . It is exactly what I wanted and just what they said it was . I am very happy with the product !
 This is in the top 5 of my favorite pendants . I 'm actually wearing it this very moment . I 've actually been wearing it for about a month straight , never taking it off . I 've owned this piece for about a year and it still looks brand new . I have many pieces from Dan Jewelers and they are my favorite on this site . Also , wolves are my favorite : -RRB-
 I got it for my daughter who 's been begging me for it . She loves it and wo n't let it go ! The best part about it is red stone eyes she says . I find it quite creepy and strange but as long as she 's happy I 'm happy .
 I 'm a BIG werewolf fan . The pendant is a great way to show it off.The pendant dosent look like a Twilight werewolf -LRB- if that 's what you want to call them -RRB- sofor real werewolf fans this is a great way to show it .
 I just bought this ring . It is really beautiful . It is a litttle bigger than i thought it would be but it fits good and was shipped quickly . It was a really good buy .
 This is a simple , but elegant design . My wife likes it alot ... but then that may be due to other factors such as her relationship with the gifter ; - -RRB-
 This ring is beautiful for the money . It is large and the garnet is a deep wine color with a lot of sparkle to it . The picture does not show how refined the silver work is . It is wonderful quality for the money . I am so happy I ordered it .
 A beautifully crafted ring that looks just like the picture in person . Getting the right size is crucial . But its a perfect gift .
 This ring is beautiful . It is a garnet ring that does n't scream `` I a birthstone ring and I look fake . '' This ring fits larger than it 's sized.The look of it is so pretty . It lays nice and flat but does n't loose any of it detail . The garnet is dark but I like them way . I like this ring because it is n't your normal birthstone ring it has a classiness to it .
 This is a replacement for an identical ring I lost . I was glad to have it backon my finger .
 I really like this ring . The genuine silver and genuine topaz for the price is phenomenal ! Craftsmanship is not flawless , but it is a favorite piece of mine . An excellent value overall .
 This ring is well made and beautifully crafted . My main problem with it is that the stone is much paler than displayed on the site . However , if that is not an issue for you , then this is the perfect piece .
 This was a good purchase for the price . It looks nice enough , and my Mom seems happy with her birthday present . Delivery time was a little on the slow side , but not horribly . Overall a good purchase , and I 'd buy it again : D
 I got this for Christmas and I love it . The stone is so blue and the celtic knots are beautiful . It fits perfectly and am really happy I got it .
 Completes my Black & White and X 's & O 's sets . Had them for a while and wear them often .
 I 've had a few tongue rings and this one , unlike alot , you do n't have to keep tightening it . It stays tight . Looks great .
 I love this ring . The perfect match for my abalone -LRB- paua shell -RRB- collection!Excellent quality . It is reasizable -LRB- the base around the finger has a cut so the size can be enlarged if it 's needed . -RRB-
 The ring is well crafted as all Sajen silver jewelry seems to be as I own several items . I am wearing it on my little finger where it is definitely noticed because of size and design . Love it , purchase recommended ...
 Beautiful , not as long as I expected to be , but my fault ... Fits perfect with my ring !!! Love it !
 Very Happy with the product and service that I receive from Amazon . Keep up the good work .
 These are really nice and great quality . They arrived really quickly and in great condition .
 I bought this pearl pendant as a gift without being able to see it firsthand and had my doubts . It arrived in only a few days as described in a great gift box . The akoya pearl turned out to be exquisite . This fine piece of jewelry was aptly described in every detail and the gold chain is also very nice . I am really pleased and ca n't wait to give it away and sort of `` brag '' about it . A real find for the price ! I had bought a pearl ring at a local store and when I saw it again and was ready to give it away I changed my mind . This pearl is the substitute and there is no comparison . The ring is going back and this pendant stays .
 Initially , I was wary of ordering a necklace with no explicit indication of the quality of the pearls -LRB- AA , AAA , etc -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised when I compared this necklace to a AAA-rated necklace ordered from another merchant . The pearl luster is wonderful , the matching excellent , and the regularity and lack of blemishes refreshing.The necklace arrived in a very nice blue necklace case suitable to gifting or storing the necklace .
 I ordered this item recently for myself . I like the simple , elegant style of this necklace . The Akoya pearl is light cream colored , perfectly around and blemish-free . The necklace is shipped in a nice , decent-sized package . I paid more for a 5-5 .5 mm fresh water pearl necklace with similar style a few years ago , so I think this item is a great value .
 This is a sweet deal for such a classic , understated look . I 've found I can wear this necklace with just about anything , and it looks natural both out on the town and in the conservative environment where I work . Out of three inexpensive necklaces I purchased months ago , this is the only one that could take the punishment I inflict on jewelry . And you usually get a 16 '' chain at this price , but I really appreciate the versatility I get from the extra 2 '' . If I have more cash to spend someday , I may trade up to a bigger sized pearl pendant . Right now , I 'm just pleased as punch to have a piece that 's beyond reproach .
 I ordered this for my Wife as a Christmas Present . It is very nice . Quite wonderful for the price .
 I got this for my girlfriend for Valentine 's Day and she loves it . The pearl is very high quality and the price on Amazon was unbeatable . The chain is quite thin , but it 's not too long and looks nice . Overall , I would recommend this pendant for anyone who wants something nice but is working on a limited budget .
 I was drawn to this necklace because the square `` coin '' pearls are quite unique -- not the same old , boring , everyday pearls . In person , the necklace looks better than in the photo because you can seen the nice sheen of the pearls and silver . I liked the lenght because I can wear the necklace inside a collared shirt and it will show in the front . At first , I thought I might have a problem getting the square pearls to lie flat against my neck , but I did n't .
 I am very satisfied with this necklace because it is stylish , the shape and quality of the pearls are good . I hope that your supplier will soon have a bracelet and earrings to go with it .
 I bought two of these for graduation gifts . They are beautiful . Both nieces loved them . Very stylish for casual as well as dress wear .
 Very small , I can even wear one to work . In fact , I leave it in all the time . Great product . If you 're a guy looking for a low maintenance , low profile way to keep your ear piercing open , this is definitely what you 're looking for . The screw on back is great .
 Came in lovely box - looked just like the picture , good representation . Fast service
 The product is gorgeous but the manufacturer is not someone that I would deal with again . It was suppose to be here in two days and it was over a week . I guess it was on backorder but they did n't seem to send out an email stating that fact . It would have taken care of alot of emails and phone calls for me if a simple email had gone out saying it was on backorder .
 I was very satisfied with these earrings . They were just the right size and captured the look I was aiming for . Elegant , demure - not pushy or overstated . They work perfectly as a second -LRB- accent -RRB- item for each ear .
 I bought these pearl earrings as an impluse buy -LRB- could n't resist the rock-bottom price -RRB- and I 'm pretty happy with them . My set were equally sized and similar in color . I did however , expect them to be more lusterous ... But with them being under $ 20 , you really ca n't complain .
 These are genuine Akoyas and they 're beautiful . They have a nice , shiny luster . I ordered 4 pairs at this price to give as gifts for Christmas this year . They 're all in the 7 to 7.5 mm range . The color is slightly different from pair to pair -LRB- some whiter , some pinker -RRB- , but the earrings for each set match perfectly . I 'm very pleased with this purchase and will buy more sets because they 're the perfect , have-on-hand gift for birthdays , too !
 The 3 pairs I purchsed were all very nice ! I 'm very happy !
 Very Happy with the product and service , Thanks Amazon :
 I love it , it was shipped to me very fast . I have n't had any problems with it and it looks just how the picture portrays it .
 It 's beautiful and I 've gotten quite a few compliments on it .
 still have it . very nice.bought few yrd a go i like went it came . had it on a few times
 This ring is quite adequate for the price . The side baguettes are n't EXACTLY identical in height , so that was a bit disappointing -LRB- but not enough so as to warrant returning the ring -RRB- . I will keep this piece of jewelry , although I have n't decided whether or not I will use this particular dealer again in the future .
 if you are a small woman such as myself you will love this bracelet . very delicate and feminine . i just love it . goes perfect with all my gold jewelry too .
 These earings are just as shown . I got them because I love amethysts and they were super cheap , but found that it looks more appropriate for a young girl than for an adult . But that is just a style thing , the earings look just like in the picture , after over a year the silver looks the same and they wear well .
 What you see is what you get . True to the colour , beauty and size as seen in the photo .
 I bought two of these for the wedding bands . They worked like a charm and are beautiful in that they have a simple , elegant design . At the price I got them they are a steal . Note of caution , it looks like the insert for the ring can support rings as wide as 4mm . If you have wider rings , especially if they are flat rings , you may have problems fitting them in these boxes .
 its a great value for the price . the 2 boxes are wonderful for giving as gifts .
 Very Nice Boxes , small but good size and the black its pretty dark and nice . NOt heavy boxes at all .
 its pretty tight for an 8mm ring set . you would have to put slight pressure to make it fit inside .
 Even you put heavy stuff in the bag , you put it on your shoulder . It 's light . Amazing ! I love it .
 My fiance ` loved this ring and wears it proudly and shows it off daily.She was brought to tears by how beautiful it is.When it becomes available again guys and you have special lady in your life , get this ring or one simular to it and she will love you for it .
 Soda lite is such a beautiful stone ! With all of the natural variations , each stone is unique . These earrings go great with almost anything . An awesome deal for the money !
 Spouse and I both picked these after much study of Amazon offerings as perfect for our mid-twenties daughter , who loves dangling earrings . She absolutely loved them . I 'm sure she realized it was a mighty special present for a mighty special young lady , judging by the pleasure she took in opening her gift . Most of her jewelry is costume , and these are the real thing , something unique and pretty to hand down someday to her own daughter .
 I bought this to complement another bangle bracelet and it is perfect . It looks pretty and classic . Great buy .
 It is clean and shiny , exactly as described . The packaging was great and I am happy with it , I love my bangle .
 I like this pendent a lot . Pretty color , solid feel and not at all fragile . Does not refract light the way you think a crystal pendant might but for $ 9 I was n't expecting that .
 These earrings are wonderful ; very whimsical and just the right size . I am a `` cow jumped over the moon '' collector and do n't know that they would appeal to everybody , but to me they are pretty much perfect . They will definitely bring a smile to your face .
 My teenage daughter scouted around for a necklace that was not too dressy but not too plain . This cross contains just enough detail and can be worn with dress or casual clothing . She really loves it .
 This barbell tongue ring is comfortable . The smooth surface of the ball yin-yang ball makes it unobtrusive . My favorite barbell so far .
 Length :
 I got this cleaner to clean my diamond engagement ring , which had one of the small diamonds replaced a few months ago . At the time the stone was replaced , the ring was cleaned at the jeweler 's and I was astonished at how much more it sparkled than it had when I brought it in . Anyway , fast forward 4 months , and the ring is looking less impressive , but to top it off , the new stone is looking nearly an opaque white . I abuse this ring by wearing it almost constantly regardless of what I 'm doing , so I wanted to give the whole thing a good cleaning before accusing them of replacing the missing diamond with something other than a diamond.After seeing the good reviews here and elsewhere , I selected this unit . I 've seen lots of places recommend cleaning jewelry with nothing more than plain water when using an ultrasonic cleaner , and that is what I did . Boy , was I disappointed ! It did look cleaner overall , but even after 2 3-minute cycles , it still did n't really sparkle , and the replaced stone still looked different from the rest . Also , looking closely at the underside of the settings , I could see there was definitely dirt in the crevices.So , I tried again , this time with a small squirt of dishwashing liquid in the water , and another cycle with clear tap water afterwards . Now , that 's more like it ! Even with the ring still under water , I could see the difference . All of the stones are sparkling , now.The unit is as simple as pie to operate , and seems well enough constructed . It has a stainless steel tank , and a plastic basket to protect your valuables from banging against the metal during cleaning . You can watch through a clear plastic window in the lid and see your rings vibrating - pretty cool.Any way , I 'm happy with my purchase.Rebeccah
 I asked my mother to get me one of these for Christmas because my jewelry was filthy and using the little jar of cleaner with the brush just was n't cutting it . Wow , was I impressed . We immediately opened it and starting cleaning any jewelry we could find . I am truly pleased with this product and would recommend it . It 's simple to use and easy to clean up . Since my jewelry had n't been cleaned well for a long time , I added some windex to the water for the first cleaning . I was told that I could use an amonia based product on gold and diamonds by a jewelry store owner .
 I have had this item for about a month . I am very satisfied with the finished result when cleaning my jewelry . I put a drop of dishwashing liquid in along with tap water and the jewelry sparkles . I also like the heat feature , which I have used each time . My only complaint is the `` off '' button does n't seem to work . Rather , I have to unplug the unit after cleaning.Overall , great product .
 I just purchased and received this item . My wedding rings have not looked this good in the 16/17 years I have had them ! It 's nice to get some sparkle back in them.The only issue I have is that while they recommend the first setting , they do n't really recommend or advise on when to use the other settings . I was cleaning several very very dirty rings and set the setting to 280 . When it was completed , I noticed a speck in the metal bottom - sure enough , one of my rings had lost a diamond . It 's VERY tiny and I am glad that I was able to save it . But , I would never have put it in there for that long if there was an indication on length for items . I do love this item and ca n't wait to finish cleaning everything else !
 I chose this cleaner because it seemed more powerful than the others , and only cost a little more when I bought it . I 'm having a lot of fun cleaning jewelry . It gets dirt and dead skin out from places I would never be able to reach , like the backs of diamonds , and inbetween the links of chains and it 's gentle . It 's wonderful on eyeglasses and wow , can I see everything better and boy does it sparkle . I usually run it about 5 minutes , without the basket then drain the water . Water always ends up a little dirty . It does n't polish ring bands so if I want more of a shine , I rub some polish on first , before I clean the jewelry .
 I purchased this as a gift to my wife who loves to have her engagment and wedding rings sparkle . After researching many cleaners , I purchased the Pro Large 60 watts heated ultrasonic cleaner for wife as a Xmas gift . It initially was not going to arrive until after new years -LRB- I ordered late -RRB- . To my surprise , it showed up the day before xmas ... suprise . After trying the cleaner several times , I was convinced it was just not working ... I sent an email to Shining Image indicating the I felt my product was defective ... they dropped a new cleaner in the mail that day ! No questions asked ... The new cleaner works great . Cleans rings as good as my jeweler . The only precaution is that it is so strong , it can knock loose stones out of rings ...
 I have had this unit for only a short time , but it has worked as advertised . It thoroughly cleaned the jewelry I placed in it , although it took several repeat cycles to clean dirty watch bands . I have not yet tried the heating feature . The unit itself is large but appears to be very solid . I previously used an ultrasonic cleaner from another manufacturer , which broke down after a year or so , and I would expect this unit to last a much longer time .
 This worked well on jewelry . All the dull jewelry came out shining . It also worked on glasses and did not seem to harm them . due to the larger size , I cleaned several pair at once . It did harm the film on a pair of tinted safety glasses , but I do n't mind . I used it to clean spark plugs on my lawn equipment . It did not remove the carbon but it did get them very clean and I brus the carbon off with a wire brush . It is now much easier to start the lawn equipment . I also cleaned shaver and razor heads that I could not get completely clean . They came out completely clean . I used a couple drops of dish soap for all cleaning . This unit also comes with a heater which helped in the cleaning process .
 I use this cleaner mainly to clean up mineral specimens I collect from mines . I have used the product for many , many hours over a couple of years and never had a problem . The large compartment allows me to clean some pretty large rocks . For tough jobs I can even put rocks in small plastic butter tubs , or other plastic containers , filled with different acids inside the machine and it works like a charm .
 i overall like the cleaner , the bad things are the heater doesnt work , and it take way longer to clean a idem , the timer is way to short of time , it take about 15 minuts to do a good clean job , i can only get 5 minuts out of it , and use a good dish washing liquid soap in it , dont use plane water
 I own a retail store that sells clothing and accessories including rhinestone jewelries . I bought this unit in hoping that it could remove some stubborn tarnish from the rhinestone necklace sets and tiara headpieces . Unfortunately , even though the jewelries come out very clean and shine , the tarnish was still not completely removed , so I still could not restore the jewelry to its original condition . However , even though it did n't work quite effectively on the tarnish , the machine did an excellent job in cleaning all of my family 's eyeglasses . Our vision was indeed ten times better with clean eyeglasses ! While in the cleaning mood , I also tried to clean everything else in the house that is made out of glass , crystals and porcelain that could fit into the machine , and they worked too . Even though this machine did n't do a good job in getting the tarnish out , I would still keep this unit to use for cleaning stones , crystals and glasses .
 The first one I received did not work , but the seller was great and promptly sent a replacement . I am very pleased with the job this cleaner does . My wedding rings get very dirty from work -LRB- foam hand sanitizer builds up around the diamonds and gives it a dull look -RRB- . It took a few cycles but the cleaner did an amazing job . With my last cleaner I would have to take a tooth brush and scrub it to loosen the dirt and then run a few cycles for a much less satisfactory result . After using this cleaner the first time , a coworker thought I had gotten a new ring : -RRB-
 first off , i love this cleaner . i have cleaned some jewerly , and it worked great -LRB- water and windex -RRB- ... do your polishing , clean it up best you can , then use this ... it gets stuff out of those little places you ca n't get to . but what really got me was it 's place in my garage . i used it , to great success , to clean fuel injectors ... and it worked great . now my set up was complex -LRB- wave gens , reverse flow -RRB- but the ultrasonic bath worked fantasticly ... but heed the warning ... do n't put sun-glasses or anything delicate in there ... it is powerful and will eat it up ... proof that it works ...
 I like the easy to use digital timer . The unit seems very well built and performs well . It is easy to clean . All in all , I am very pleased with the product .
 I bought this to clean watch parts . The manufacturer recommends water but I use a Zenith biodegradable product -LRB- well ventillated -RRB- and it does just fine . I also use it to clean cases . It works as well as any dipping product . It also gives you the option to use heat . A good feature in helping to remove old varnished oil . I 've saved two watches that would n't come clean using my old cleaner . I do n't condone using anything but what the manufacturer reccommends . That 's just me .
 My engagement ring and wedding band came out looking like I cleaned it at the jeweler ! I also used it on my other jewelry . With the exception of one silver piece that was severely tarnished , it worked great .
 Used this sonic cleaner to get years of grime out of padlocks , locks and cores . Works great ! Heat feature really speeds up the process .
 This unit performed wonderfully . You have to be a little careful about what you put in there because it is pretty strong , but it gets things very clean . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a serious cleaner .
 Easy to use right out of the box . My diamonds sparkled . My reading glasses were clean especially around the nose guards .
 hi i purchased this product about a week ago but when i plugged it in it started to smoke so oi contacted costumer support which were really nice and i got a new one the next day almost any when i tried it out it worked great for about 30 223 brass and about 40 9mm and it actually cleans them in the first 480 sec run with only water i am amazed at this product for the price and size great product for new reloders
 I am quite happy with the results i have gotten from this unit . It seems that many people have had issues with the heat button no turning off , mine does not have this problem . It functions as advertised . So far i have used it to clean jewelry and nitro RC car parts . It makes gems really sparkle , and gets precious metals quite clean . It does a very good job of getting engine parts much more thoroughly clean than any other method , including a solvent tank , since you ca n't get into the internal area 's with a brush . I would definitely recommend this product to any RC hobbyist .
 I use this for my initial cleaning and disinfecting of tattoo tubes and it works great . I can scrub my tubes til they look clean and then throw them in here and the machine will shake loose ink invisible to the naked eye and turn the water colors . I can fit 4 tube assemblies in with plenty of room to spare . Recommend this for anybody who need and ultrasonic cleaner .
 This machine works great , much better than the 30.00 one , which can burn out with heavy use , ... I reccomend this one instead .
 Gave this cleaner to my wife as a gift -LRB- she had indicated that she wanted a jewelry cleaner -RRB- . It has worked well on various pieces of jewelry , silverware , etc and she is pleased .
 I chose this unit -LRB- which is sold under other brand names besides Kendal -RRB- because it got generally good reviews , with the heater switch being the most common complaint.It arrived quickly , and was well packed . Some reviewers have commented on the -LRB- minimal -RRB- instructions , and I concur . They do n't even mention a couple of attachments . One is , I think , for cleaning finger rings . The other ? I have no idea.The bad news
 To be prefectly honest , the first one I recieved had a problem with the heater . The heater light would come on , but the heating element did not work . I sent the vendor an email and they told me to return it for a new replacement.I recieved the brand new replacemnt very quickly and it works great . The heater made a very big difference in how well it cleans . I definately would advise buying one that has the built-in water heater . I am very happy with the cleaner and the customer service from Shinning Image .
 I use this for cleaning rifle brass mostly . The wife also cleans her jewelry in it . Does a pretty good job of getting things cleaned .
 great product . works great on all my jewelry to include my watches . comes with all you need to clean your jewelry
 I ordered a watch and several charms and began a travel watch . I love it ! Great quality , quick service .
 Firstly , this ring is very shiney and more than moderately attractive . This is what I was looking for , and so my needs were met entirely . As a `` wear-it-just-because '' ring , it is handsome and worth the money . However , for someone with a bit more money to use on an engagement ring -LRB- my ultimate purpose -RRB- it may be a good idea to look around some more before shelling out the cash . The part of the ring under the cubic zirconia is hollow , which takes away from it somewhat and may or may not make it less comfortable to wear . Also , the rougher band , which is slightly textured but not uncomfortbale , only goes partway around . This is not a problem when you 're wearing it because you can only see the outside of the band , but it may effect how the wearer feels about it.As it is , I like it very much , and have no complaint with it , but these things might matter more to other purchasers .
 Yay yay yay ! After reading all of the mixed reviews as to the quality of NVie Designs jewelry , I was ecstatic about the quality of this necklace . But first let me give you the specifics
 I would recommend this earrings to anyone who doesnt like very long earrings nor bulky . they are perfect !! i love.them !
 These earrings were a bit bigger than I estimated from the picture , but I still love them !
 Great charm , bought it for my daughter , she loves it ! It is very pretty and looks exactly like the picture on Amazon . Good quality .
 This is perfect-I can add this charm to my other bracelet , the donkey and american flag and my history teacher will go crazy . Thanks Amazon !
 I gave this to my best friend for Christmas . She loved it , and it was quite appropriate for 2004 . The quality is great , and it is really pretty in person .
 I had a great prompt service . Charm was beautiful and made a 15 year old band student very happy . She has not taken it off since she received it.Thanks .
 I bought this as a mother 's day gift for my mom . She loved it . When I finally flew to see her in NYC , I got to see the bracelet . I was very impressed by it .
 pretty but not as impressive as the clear star which had better and brighter color .
 This product is perfect , great quilty ! I have ordered serveral other items like this from somebody else for a lot more money and they are not as nice ! Great service love the blue star pendant , love Gem Avenue products !
 There was a small mix up with the shipping date , but customer service was awesome and I got the pendant exactly when they said I would
 While this ring is absolutely stunning to look at , it 's meant for a person with larger hands where the scale of this ring would be more appropriate . I have average sized hands with a bit of extra padding -LRB- wear a size 7 ring -RRB- and this ring was just a little too broad/wide and deep.I 'm a new fan of Eve 's Addiction and the quality of their products is quite excellent . I 'm definitely going to exchange this for another smaller scale product !
 I love these , they are light weight , well made , and the design is darling . They are just plain fun . I have had so many compliments on them .
 This bracelet is for a person with a small wrist . The person for whom I purchased it has no problem with it , but I can see where others might .
 This little bracelet is much more substantial than it looks ! Nice big , -LRB- but not to big -RRB- , links , strong , but still perfect for a pre-teen girl ! This is one of those items that look better in person , than it does in the picture ! Very pretty , and it looks very sweet on her ! The best thing is that she LOVES it , and thats all that really matters !
 I bought this bracelet so I could make a charm bracelet for a friend and it was perfect - the links are just the right size and it is very sturdy . The clasp might be a little difficult for somebody to put on themselves , but I suppose that is always the case . Recommend this product .
 I really do like this bracelet , but I gave it on four stars because it is a little difficult to clasp it .
 I was very pleased that the bracelet was exactly what was represented to me , and the ease of the purchase ...
 I was adaquately pleased with this item for my daughter . I am hoping to add many charms for her over the next years .
 These are very pretty ... the mother of pearl contrasts nicely with the silver . Not too heavy on the earlobe .
 I just received this ring today . It was delivered several weeks earlier than expected which was great . The ring comes in a beautifully finished wooden box and comes with an appraisal summary from Independent Gemological Laboratories . The ring itself is absolutely beautiful . It is beautifully finished , the white gold accents hold a very nice size diamond . The ring is round -LRB- I bought a ring from a competitor and it was horrible -RRB- . I 'm so excited to give this ring to my hopeful fiance , it will look very nice on her finger ! Keeping my fingers crossed.If you buy from Netaya you will be extremely happy with the quality of the ring .
 It 's a nice quality piece of jewel !!! Very well finish !!! Nice design ! My wife just loved it !
 I love this earring , it is even more gorgeous than the picture . I bought it to wear to a wedding since I have the pendant to match . They are so rich together . Absolutely beautiful .
 These were for me . I love them-very pretty/sparkly and not too big . Can be worn with jeans to dresses - just about anything . Would highly recommend !
 They are very pretty and look great on my son 's girlfriend , who is 21 . I would n't hesitate to recommend buying them .
 The earrings were exactly as pictured . I did n't expect the quality to be so good since the earrings were so affordable . I love wearing them ! The dangles make me feel sassy and sexy !
 When I received the earrings and opened the package , I was amazed at how pretty they are ! The picture is fairly accurate of them , except that they look even prettier in real life . The little crystals reflect all forms of light , and they stand out in a very classy way . You wo n't be let down with these earrings , they 'll go with lots of different types of outfits , too .
 These are a great pair of earrings to have in your jewelry wardrobe ! They are long , modern and flattering to the face . Can be dressed up or worn every day . They even jingle a little when you move your head ! I have given two pairs of these earrings as gifts to a 35 year old and a 51 year old ... both LOVED them !!
 This charm arrived on time in a beautiful silver pouch . The quality of detail on such a small piece was better than expected . As it was a gift , the recipient was thrilled with it .
 I absolutely love -LRB- d -RRB- this bracelet . See , I just lost it tonight . I lost it at work and I 'm so upset . This bracelet didnt have any sentimental value to me , but it looked great on me . It made my wrist look thinner and I adored it.The only problem I had with this bracelet was that when it gets dirty , it does n't look at nice.I adored this bracelet , I 'm buying a new one tonight !
 The product was received in a timely manner . The gift receipient loves bling and she was not disappointed .
 Adorable charm for my chess-playing niece . Beautiful detail , nice weight and size . After starting her charm bracelet with this brand , it is now the only brand I would buy . I prefer the charms with the lobster clasp because they are easy to arrange on the chain . But some of their charms only have the O-ring attacher .
 Product was delivered quickly and fresh . The box smelled heavenly . Will purchase again .
 I gave this a girl who likes the moon . I did n't care for the star , because it makes it look to Arabian . The chain is acceptable , though . Very prompt service . I was impressed .
 Bought this for my girlfriend for Valentine 's day and she was very happy with it . Her taste for real jewelry , not the ` costume ' jewelry is for something that is simple and well stated , as this piece is . The diamond had great sparkle , clarity , and color to it . The reason for the 1 star reduction is only due to a missed opportunity to manage expectation on the part of the picture . The way this is blown up makes it seem like it will be quite a bit bigger than it is . The chain is a rather delicate , very thin piece which might end up being replaced , but seems to fit as a good accent . The diamond itself is just shy of 4mm in diameter , so keep this in mind when purchasing , although I would still definitely recommend it to anyone that is looking for a simple and beautiful diamond .
 The pendant was bigger than I expected -LRB- its a good thing -RRB- . I was scared that it might have broken during shipping , but the pendant is a lot stronger than it looks . The detail is good , better than on the picture . I was not sure about the faerie , but my girlfriend picked it , and she loved it ! My favourite is actually the chain that came with it , and the little black pouch . The silvers all went well together.All in all , a nice item for a partner , even if they are over 20 .
 I did n't buy this from Silver Insanity , but from an ebay vendor . It looks gorgeous on a black organza ribbon necklace , I highly recommend wearing it on one . The detail is absolutely painstakingly intricate , and looks just like Amy Brown 's paintings . I love the size of it , because it is n't too big or two small . Just the right size for such a beautiful fairy . I myself was a little scared it wo n't look good , but believe me it does and is oxidized to show off all of the intricate lines . Solid silver and I have had it for months with absolutely no tarnishing . Any oxidation is just adding to its already beautiful state .
 I was very happy about the quality of the pendant and necklace . Mostly , I am surprised at the speed in which I received the pendant and necklace ! I received in 4 days including a weekend ! I will buy from Silver Insanity again !
 MY SISTER IS A BREAST CANCER SURVIVOR SO I LOVE ANYTHING WITH PINK RIBBONS & THIS BRACELET IS GREAT !!!! I WEAR IT EVERDAY TO THANK GOD SHE IS STILL WITH US !
 I have looked for tiny elephant studs EVERYWHERE ! I was soooo so soooo excited to find these ! They are indeed tiny , but also very sturdy . They are made of quality metal that does not irritate my sensitive ears . I never want to take them out !
 Love these as they are very cute , but they are much smaller than I thought they would be resulting in it being so small you can barely tell what it is .
 These are for my daughter . She is a freak about elephants . They are tiny , but very nice looking and perfect for a 12 yr old .
 I am a lover of all things Elephant . I saw these earrings and just HAD to have them . I received them in a nice little box with lid . They are very small , but exactly what I needed . They are wonderfully detailed . I have sensitive ears ; I 've barely taken them out for a month and there is no pain , infection or `` green '' . These are a fantastic product for the elephant lover and at a great price ! 5 stars !
 My wife loves elephant earrings and these are nice . They are a bit on the small side but they are very nice and she can leave them in all the time .
 These earrings are extremely adorable ! Perfect for a child , second hole or cartilage piercing . I also received the earrings a day and a half after ordering -LRB- when selecting standard 3-5 day shipping -RRB- !!! Good craftsmanship too . I would highly recommend ordering !
 these earrings are really tiny and cute . just what i was looking for . i love the tiny elephants , so cute !
 These are cute little raised .925 silver earrings , which face each other -LRB- perfect -RRB- . The detail on one trunk is a little warped , but otherwise , these are exactly what I wanted .
 I got it for my best friend for xmas who loves elephants . She loved them .
 nice for the price . I like the little extra sparkle this adds to my studs and can wear them with many earrings
 These adorable miniature stud lion earrings are beautiful . They are crafted with a good bit of detail which is rare for studs that are as big around as a writing pen . They are similar , yet different in that handcrafted way and are stunning when put on . They are not too big nor too small and work well for pale skin tone . My brother chose them as a Christmas present for our mom and she thinks they are just perfect.Perfect for any lion lover .
 This tongue ring is really kewl cuz it reallys gives that effect that u have sum type of tylenol in ur mouth . The only bad thing is I do n't like to wear it all the time cuz it gets annoying after a while .
 I absolutely love these cufflinks.The color accents make them look a little different and they will go with so many ties.Better looking in person
 This necklace is quite lovely and unique ! Beautiful stones , very well-made , exactly as pictured . Accompanied by hand-written note from artisans , which was nice as well .
 I purchased these earrings a few days ago , and when they say tiny , they are tiny ! But that 's actually fine , as I wanted some understated earrings . They are approximately the length of a pinky fingernail , a bit shorter even , to give an idea . They fit well , and I am not allergic to them . The only thing I would have liked is multiple purchases from Sabrina Silver would combine shipping , as she put both pairs I ordered into one tiny silver box . Hence the four stars versus five . So , nice item , but be advised , the shipping is a bit much for such small things , even with multiple orders . Still , I 'll be ordering from this co. again as I 've WL 'd Christmas gifts for my daughter and friend .
 I actually bought these for myself - not for a child and they are great . They have a lot of detail for being so small - $ $ $ well spent !!!
 We were very happy with these little earrings . They look great in my daughters ears !
 I bought this to replace a 14K gold yellow rope ankle bracelet I 've had for years . My old one is 1/8 '' wide and heavy . This one is 1/16 '' and very dainty . I was hoping it would be thicker as far as millimeters , but for the price , I was pretty sure it would be smaller.It looks very nice on the ankle , sexy because it is thin and dainty . Again , for the price , it was definitely worth it . I do n't know that I would have paid much more than $ 125 for it , but I 'm quite happy and will keep it.I also bought a ribbed 14K white gold toe ring from them and I really love it . The two together really look great .
 I had n't heard of Novica before , but after purchasing this gorgeous sterling silver , carnelian and garnet necklace , I will definitely be looking at their other jewelry on Amazon.comThe necklace is beautifully made and is even lovelier than described . The artist -LRB- and I must say he is definitely a `` one of a kind '' artist -RRB- in Bali
 This ring is perfect for me ! It 's very sterdy and I get alot of compliments on it . I wear it all the time . Great fit .
 This is a beautiful set . A little larger than I thought but still very lovely . Worth the price . Looks great with a black blouse .
 This charm was just what we were looking for . It was very dainty yet very nicely made . It was the perfect gift for a newly graduated Registered Nurse . Service from the seller was very quick . Received item in fast time in perfect condition .
 Knew I was going to love this charm as soon as I opened it . It 's beautiful and very tasteful . I wear it combined with my gold cross as a reminder everyday . Worth every bit the money ... such a deal . I have wanted `` something '' like this for a long time , but did n't want it to be too flaunty . This is perfect ladies .
 I gave this to my girlfriend for my 6 month anniversary . I planned the giving of the gift to be received while she was looking away at dinner . I just got up and put it around her neck . She was immediately brought to tears and after dinner I had some of the best passionate times of my life . I will update this if we get married in the next few years .
 Wonderful little anklet that I am using as a bracelet . I have been wearing it non-stop since I received it and am extremely pleased with its composition . Do n't let its dainty appearance fool you -- its pretty robust . and I 'm pretty rough on jewelry -LRB- ... ok , I 'm rough on everything . -RRB- You wo n't be disappointed ! Highly likely to purchase from this seller again .
 Great product to buy , its simple and i have been wearing it ever since i got it to get it used to my ankle . The anklet is really thin and i thought with at least one good tough pull that it would break and fall off . So far it hasnt -LRB- and i tested it with a few accidents myself -RRB- , showing its remarkable sturdiness or whatever its called xS . I also appreciate the fast shipping , a great anklet to buy !
 This anklet is very pretty and very well made ; much better than expected for the great price . It arrived very quickly , no issues ; Great Seller , Thanks !
 I bought this bracelet about a year ago and had been wearing it for weeks without taking it off . I noticed this past weekend that it was n't on my ankle anymore . I 'm SOOOOOOO disappointed that I lost it . It was exactly the right length and complimented another one that I wear so well . I 'm ordering another one today !!
 I had one just like it before and the darn thing broke ! this one is so much better and shiny . I like mine to be a tight fit so my is 9 '' . I love it .
 `` I 've been looking for a longer anklet for awhile and was so pleased when I saw this . The price is great and the anklet is beautiful . Very shiny and good durability . ''
 This is a great buy ! The anklet is delicate and dainty yet durable . -LRB- and very shiny -RRB- : - -RRB-
 I ordered two of these little anklets , and was quite surprised at how well made they were for the price . Now , I have to compose myself to not open them , and save for a gift for my daughter and grand daughter , since we all have about the same tastes in things . I 've been doing my shopping in here for next year . As for this particular product , it 's the perfect chain to wear with some of the other more ornate ones offered . I was shocked when I saw , sterling silver , not just plating offered at this price . I doubt they will last long at this price . I plan to order a couple for myself . Enjoy , a must buy .
 This was a very nice looking and nice quality ankle bracelet . I was very pleased with how it looked . And at a great price .
 My wife simply loves this anklet . It 's eye-catching design is both elegant and sexy . It 's hard to miss ! A perfect complement to any dress and heels . Certainly exceeded our expectations . This item will not disappoint !
 I recently purchased the Silver Anklet Bracelet , and I love it.It is very strong and the clasp is very secure , to avoid loss.The design of the bracelet is unique and very flattering.I highly recommend this product and this seller , this is one of several purchases through this seller and I have been very pleased with each one .
 I love this purchase ! It is very pretty , and strong ! I was worried that it might be weak & break easily . But so far it has n't ! I strongly recommend this product !!
 I am extremely pleased with this beautiful anklet . It is as detailed as described . I received it very quickly . And because I ordered the wrong size I had to return it . I followed the very clear instructions on returning it . And was pleasantly surprised at how smoothly the exchange went.Very pleased with the wonderful customer service and of course the ankle bracelet.Thank you
 I have been in search of a simple yet sturdy anklet for quite some time . I 've tried a few - some are too ornately designed and ` fussy ' , some have trinkets that fall off soon after wearing , but once I saw these on Amazon , and especially for the price I knew I had to try it . I ordered the anklet in silver and gold.The items came well packaged and they were beautiful ! Simple yet elegant - just the way I like it ! I am very happy with my purchases .
 Nice quality . Price was fantastic buy . Did not expect much for that price but was pleasantly surprised . Have been wearing it several weeks now with no problems . Thanks!LaDonna Schukei
 i am stunned at how nice this bracelet is , it was a bargin at this price , diamond cut and sparkles , shines , very nice , if you are looking for a bracelet with some width to it , this is not it , however it seems to be a very sturdy , well made item good for if you just want a bit of sparkly jewelry around your ankle.i am happy with it , enough to check out other items this vendor is selling ...
 I recently purchased this anklet based on other reviews and the price . I was not disappointed . The anklet is very well made . The design is unusual and very pretty . I liked it so much I am now ordering the necklace and bracelet to match .
 This delicate chain/anklet is just what I was looking for ! I just wanted something that would look attractive around my ankle and this is the perfect simple item it promised to be in its description .
 This is a cute , though delicate , anklet . The Singapore styling is cute . I am hard on jewelry and this anklet stands up to me .
 Arrived quickly . Beautiful and delicate . Fits nicely . Will look nice with sandals . I am very pleased with this product and will probably order more for gifts .
 Love this little thing ! It is simple-style , well made and sparkles even under indoor light . Would definitely recommand this for such a good price .
 Just got this yesterday . Super fast shipping . All the other reviewers are right . This is so shiny and pretty . Fits my ankle perfect . I want another in case this breaks . Too cute
 I put this on the day it came and have n't taken it off yet ! I like the look ... simple and sparkles just a little due to the twist in the chain . It was just what I wanted . It looks good with an additional bracelet if wanted as it fits snug to the ankle but not too tight for me . I have trouble with sizes and this one `` just fits '' . I 'm not sure how long it will last wearing it non-stop but so far so good !
 Purchased this ankle bracelet for my grandaughter ... I think that it is very well made , and is a very pretty , delicate , yet substancial bracelet . Received the item before the due date , and am very satisfied with this purchase . Would not hesitate to order from this vendor again .
 Like many reviewers , I 've gone through many anklets . At least a few each summer . Why you ask ? I never take it off . I 'm too lazy to be the type of person that removes all jewelry everyday . I 've had it a few months and I have not taken it off . Literally . I wear it to sleep , under socks with tennis shoes , while swimming , showers , etc etc. . This is the first anklet I have ever had that has not broken . It also looks amazing ; its very thin but noticeable . I recommend this to anyone that wants an anklet ; its truly worth every penny .
 I love this ankle bracelet I wear it everyday !! It 's looks very expensive , I get compliments all the time !! I would recommend this for summer and winter wear ! Whether it 's with a nice sundress , evening or shorts it looks great !
 This anklet is definitely a great buy . The silver is very very white , which is hard to find . The twisting of the chain makes it sparkle and look interesting and delicate . However , it 's still tough and does n't break easily . Beautiful !
 This is a very pretty anklet . I purchased the 9 inch and it is a little snug but I think that is par for the size . the next size up seemed like it would be too big for me . The chain is silver , it 's a little thinner then I thought it would be but not drastically thin , just dainty and feminine . It arrived somewhat fast and well packaged . I would recommend this item and seller .
 I was looking for a pretty anklet but did n't want to spend a lot . I saw this one and saw it had good reviews so i decided to give it a try . I was not disappointed ! its so sparkly and pretty . it is n't chunky which i like because i have little ankles . It is very sturdy and you ca n't beat the price ! great buy !
 Bought this item for my wife , she is very pleased . Attractive piece , and very sturdy construction even though dainty
 I am very impressed with the strength of this ankle bracelet . Thought I would loose it while swimming but it surprised me . Have received compliments on my ankle `` bling '' as I call it . It 's fun to wear . First product I 've purchased from this vendor but may have to look at more of the stock .
 The anklet was too big when I first received it . So I sent it back and another was promptly sent out to me . I was really impressed with the quick response ! Thanks !
 I bought a 10-inch anklet and it is wonderful . I am very happy with my purchase . It is delicate , yet not flimsy . The singapore chain sparkles nicely . The 10-inch is a perfect fit for me , and falls nicely below the ankle bone . There is no discomfort when I walk . -LRB- The anklet is best worn without socks or shoes , as that may be uncomfortable . -RRB- I have n't had this for long enough to see whether it tarnishes , but all silver does eventually . This can be dealt with by cleaning with a special polishing cloth , or using a jewelry cleaning liquid , so I 'm not worried about this potential problem.Delivery was speedy , and I would definitely recommend this product .
 This ankle bracelet is very nice . It sparkles when it is being worn and looks very nice . I love the Singapore style and the fit , is perfect . It looks more expensive than it is . I would definately recommend this ankle bracelet to anyone who is looking for this type of chain . And for the price , you just ca n't go wrong . Thanks Amazon ...
 I highly recommend this vendor to all who like wearing anklets . The quality is wonderful as is this vendor .
 This anklet is very cute and the way the silver twists it is very shiny . I have a bit of trouble with the clasp , but for the price I 'd recommend this product to everyone .
 This ankle bracelet is very cute ! I am very pleased with the purchase . Looking forward to my next purchase .
 The product was a lot thinner than I imagined , however it is very nice-looking and my girlfriend loves it . You ca n't go wrong with the price either .
 I purchased two of these and ca n't wait to wear them when I go to Florida . They are very cute , good quality and look great on . Order with confidence .
 I still wear this and it has not worn down and still looks as new as the day I got it !
 This is a beautiful silver ankle bracelet . I was amazed at the price and free shipping . Very well made and looks great on the ankle . The item came very quickly and packaged as advertised . I am very happy with it and have been wearing it daily . Lots of compliments . I would definitely buy from this seller again !
 I just got it today ! It 's super cute . I love it . It fits perfectly around my ankle . I got the 9 inch one . My ankle is n't that big because I 'm small -LRB- 5 feet tall -RRB- . I want to wear this forever ! It makes my feet feel so cute and pretty . I hope it never breaks because I want to wear it always !
 This anklet is beautiful !! It is DELICATE but NOT FLIMSY and it is perfect for small ankles . Be sure to read description as it is 9 '' long and if you have large ankles , this may be too tight for you . I am 5 ' 3 '' 115 lbs so this fit like a charm ! Absolutely made of Sterling Silver . Can be worn under stockings/nylons without tearing them or looking bulky . Anklet has a nice twisting design and shines in the light . This is exactly what I was looking for , I may just order another because the price was perfect too ! Hope this helps ... enjoy !
 I really like this anklet . It 's very cute and it sparkles just like everyone said . It 's thin but it seems to be holding on just fine . I worth wile purchase for the price .
 Very pretty piece of jewelery !! Not too much and very sparkly . Doesnt get tight on my ankle and will look great in the sun next summer !!
 Really pretty and elegant anklet . Fits nicely with just a bit of drape . Looks sexy and has a nice sparkle to it without being too obvious . Easy to put on and take off too !
 I 've been wanting an anklet for a long time now . I decided on trying this one out first because of all the great reviews . As everyone else has said , this is a great product and is very dainty and pretty . Best thing is , it fits ! . . especially since I guessed on what size I should order . The only reason I gave it a 4/5 stars is because it was a lot thinner than the picture shows but it is priced accordingly so it 's not that big of a deal . I 've been wearing it for a week now and it has n't broken despite it being so dainty so I am very happy with this product . I am super active and usually end up breaking dainty jewelry but it passed the test and I love how it looks ! Buy it !
 This is the cutest silver anklet I 've ever owned . The 9 inch chain fits me perfectly and it also looks great . I am impressed !
 I absolutely love it ! Nothing else to say here . I will get a lot of use out of it . It was exactly what I was looking for .
 The ankle bracelets were very pretty but I had to return them since they were just a little to small for my ankle . I am sad that I had to return them because they were so pretty .
 Im gay and bought this anklet for the summer . Its a bit thin than i wanted it to be but im getting used to it . Ive had it one for a week , sleeping and bathing in it , its strong and shiny . Id recommend if you like thin anklets . The handle was a bit hard to put on though .
 Love the simplicity and durable lightweight anklet ! I wear it 24/7 and sometimes forget it is on . Added a petite charm .
 Inexpensive , arrived on time and what I wanted . I would suggest measuring your ankle to get the right size , luckily I guessed correctly .
 Love them ! Nice and danty , Looks good on . I have one one each leg , Looks good on very tanned legs .
 Received the bracelet today and put it on right away . Love ankle bracelets but always have a hard time finding a size that fits . This one is perfect .
 I received this anke braclet but it was broken , they sent me a pickup tag and sent me a new one , its beautiful!thanks for the good service , will do business with them again !
 Cute , simple and cheap ! I love it !! I bought this one another time a few months ago and it fell off , so just be really careful when you are putting on pants on lotion and check to make sure it is there some you dont lose it .
 received this anklet on a timely basis and was pleased when it arrived . very sparkly and pretty . ca n't wait to wear it .
 This is a beautiful anklet ! I was pleased with the design and the ease of being able to wear it every day ! I 've not taken it off since it arrived and it 's held up under socks , in the shower , and in bed . And though I have n't worn it with hose yet , It does n't seem to snag . It 's a simple clean and subtle design and if you do leave it on , you will hardly know it 's there . You will not regret a purchase of this item .
 it 's a good quality bracelet , i wearing it everyday even in shower . the bracelet still shiny . the only drawback is , it 's very thin .
 I love these earrings . They feel very comfortable and light weight . Funny that my husband says that they look dangerous :-RRB- . I do n't feel it -RRB- .
 These are gorgeous and unusual sterling earrings -- the PERFECT length . Very impressed . Lots of compliments and questions on these . Be careful wearing the earrings with a jacket or turtleneck as the material will move the earrings out of your ears and they can be easily lost . Solved that problem by using a clear plastic earring back . No problem with clothes that do not touch the earrings . Very pleased .
 I bought this charm for my 15 year old daughter and her two best friends to seperate and wear on chains . I love the charm -LRB- s -RRB- however was slightly disapointed that the seperating of the 3 left some really sharp spots that we needed to file to avoid injury . I wonder if the gold ones would have been so sharp upon seperation . Anyway , all worked well and the girls were thrilled . They are very dainty and pretty , I think all in all the quality is nice as well . I also would have liked to see the rings that hold the charms on a chain sodered . ALl in all for the money they are quite nice .
 I bought this charm for myself when I graduated from college . It is very pretty and well made.I received it promptly and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Got this pendant for my daughter and it is more beautiful than the picture . It was reasonably priced and I received it in a timely manner . She enjoys it very much !
 I am fully happy with my purchase of these lovely black onyx earring . They actually are lighter than I thought they would be , which is GREAT ! I have received alot of compliments on these earrings . I love them !
 I 'm wearing this ring right now and I have to say I like it very much ! I have a small piercing and the length is just about right -LRB- an 8mm would be great ! -RRB- . I love the colors in it and when you turn it on either end it does resemble a baseball . I do n't really like baseballs but when worn all you see are the colors . Its pretty comfy too so I 'm planning to purchase another bioplast from this seller soon !
 Made with lots of storage for jewelry.The side doors open to hang necklaces.It was the only one that had so muchstorage and it also matches our furniture.So far , very happy with my husband ` sChristmas gift to me a few years ago .
 his is perfect-I can add this charm to my other bracelet , the donkey and american flag and my history teacher will go crazy . Thanks Amazon !
 I ordered these as a gift for my sister who specifically requested stud earrings in the outline of Texas . I got the earrings yesterday , and they are exactly as pictured ! Better yet , I ordered them on Friday , and they got here on Monday ! I 'm very pleased .
 The state of Texas earrings are cute and very affordable . A must have for anyone who loves Texas such as I do . The earrings are small , silver and one earring has the shape of Texas just right while the other one is going the opposite direction .
 Well made , gorgeous quality and craftsmanship , plus personalized service.What 's not to love?Thank you for making these ! They 're absolute greatness !
 I liked the wing type look of this pendant , as it 's different from other celtic pendants I 've seen over the years . I wear it from time to time and almost always have someone remark that it 's pretty or unusual or ask me what it 's supposed to be . The workmanship , and quality of crystal and sterling are worth the money .
 This pendant is beautifully made , and definately not a light weight . The silver is sturdy , and even more beautiful when seen in person then the picture describes . Although it states it is `` Celtic Angel Wings '' everyone that sees it wants to know where I got the great BattleAxe , which I guess it does more closely resemble . Either way , it 's the one I wear just about all the time !
 For the price of the bracelet , I like it a lot ! The stones are a beautiful color , and it seems to be constructed well . It looks great on the wrist and I 'm loving the turquoise with all of my outfits .
 This is a lovely small-ish chain . The description says it 's `` very thin , '' but it has some weight to it , certainly enough to handle some of my larger pendants . It 's a higher-quality snake chain , very fluid , and a great compliment to my nicer silver pendants.I 'm planning to purchase a couple more of these in different lengths . They 're really very nice , and the shipping was fast and reasonably priced .
 this is the most beautiful necklace . It is smooth and round feels great on . Love it with my different pendants .
 Very good chain for the price - it 's lovely - but your hair WILL get caught up in it !
 I love my snake chain . I wear it 6 days out of the week . It was the lowest price online - even cheaper than ebay !!! I received it quickly as well . I highly recommend this seller . Great product at an excellent price ! I will shop again !
 Very happy and planning on ordering MANY more!Michellewww.keepsakerosaries.com
 I love this . I bought several of this kind from the company . And it looks awesome under a black light !
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 I bought this pin as a surprise for my sister who loves frogs . He is so cute and the colors are exactly as shown but better . If you like frogs , you 'll love this pin .
 This charm was a gift that was mailed directly to the recipient , so I can only review my experience with shipping and being charged . The item shipped well within the promised time frame , and was also free . I had absolutely no difficulties with being charged the wrong amount . The person who received the charm said that it is cute , and I can highly recommend ordering from this seller .
 This was a gift from my son to me . He e-mailed me a gift certificate , so I picked out my own present . Peridot is my birthstone . I am very happy with the quality of the stones and the necklace .
 I am extremely satisfy with this product . I have to say that it was beyond my expectation . The color is same as pictured and the necklace is very delicate . The workmanship is phenomenal . I am planning on buying one for my mother and sister .
 Bought two for gifts . I was impressed with the quality of the workmanship . The stones are beautiful . I would not hesitate buying a piece of jewelry with the Netaya label on it ever .
 Was looking for a piece of Peridot jewelry for a friend 's August birthday and found this pendant . I was very pleased with what I saw when it arrived ! This is a very pretty pendant , and it was packaged in a lovely gift box with the seller 's name on it . I would not hestitate in purchasing from this seller again . This will make a lovely gift for my friend !
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 bought this for a necklace i made for my best friend 's birthday :-RRB- very cute , looks just like the picture . not sure if it 's real silver ... but for the price , i 'm not complaining !!
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own . I love cameos and this one is very nice . The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand . It is very large , but also comfortable to wear . If you love large rings like i do , this is perfect . It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle . It 's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry .
 My niece loved this addition to her charm bracelet . Very cute . My only caution is that it is not a solid piece - the bottom side is hollow .
 Toering Stars Antique Sterling Silver / B000EA85NUI really do n't like to order jewelry online , because you never know what you are getting , but this turned out to be a real bargain . The toering is really great quality - I 've been wearing it almost nonstop for a week now , and it does n't show any signs of getting loose or falling off . The silver is bright and shiny , and the star detail is very intricate and professionally made . The antique detail looks fantastic - I really like the blackened finish inside the stars . I have n't had any trouble with skin turning green or with any skin rashes , and I 'm very happy with this product , and I feel that I got it at a really good deal . ~ Ana Mardoll
 I am happy with the toe ring but a little disappointed that it is supposed to be sterling silver and my toe turned green ... oh well It 's still really cute .
 This is a very beautiful ring . It arrived in a ring box in perfect shape , and it looks just like the picture online . The stone color is pretty light for a blue topaz , more like an aquamarine but still very lovely . I love the asymmetric design and the delicate detail . A great ring for everyday wear !
 This ring was very reasonably priced . The stone was of good quality and color . The amount of silver was more than ample . I am only giving this ring 4 stars because of the design , which I felt lacked balance . All of the marcasite embellishement was to one side , giving it a lop-sided appearance . Another person might find the design lovely . It arrived in a very cute shiney box with an attached bow . It would make a nice surprise in a Christmas stocking for a young girl or teen .
 Cutest earrings ! I ordered them for my daughter and she wears them all the time . Also - I received the package very quickly . I am very pleased .
 All I need to say is that the wife loved it and wears it regularly .
 Very sturdily made and packaged very well . It arrived promptly . A very pretty , shiny charm that looks lovely on my bracelet . Be sure you read the dimensions for the charm so as to not have any misconceptions of the size .
 The pendant was very sparkly and nice . Always happy with purchases from Eve 's Addiction
 Do not judge these earrings by the price , they are so beautiful and bold , yet very comfortable on the ear , I absolutely love them and was stunned at the price , they are also very shiny and lots of filigree , I would have bought more colors if offered . Silver Insanity is great , lots of unique items , great service and the best prices ... see for yourself !
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend . He owns every Ozzy Osbourne CD and every Black Sabbath CD that Ozzy did vocals for . He likes to keep them seperate from the rest of his CD collection so he knows where they are all at . He had been storing them in a plain old black 32 slot cd case and when I saw this I thought it would be the perfect gift . He loved it and it 's a great way to store your Ozzy collection .
 I love ordering from Sabrina Silver . product is always as described and she ships very quickly . I goofed with one of my orders and she was so easy to work with for an exchange .
 This necklace is just as advertised . I like it a lot . I was looking for an `` almost choker '' necklace . I would really like a wider one , but this one will do .
 I purchased a sterling silver Italian snake chain bracelet . I 'm allergic to anything with nickle so this worked nicely . It was shipped quickly and exactly what I ordered at a very reasonable price . I would buy from this vendor again . I have never been disappointed with an item I have ordered through Amazon .
 I have had this chain for about a week now , and I wear it 24 hours . I bought the 14 '' one , and it sticks to the neck - which is what I wanted . It 's hard to find the 14 '' length in stores and was glad to find it here on Amazon . The chain is thick , all nice and silvery and I like that it 's nickel free . The shipping was quick as well . Thank You !
 I had metal allergy , so I was looking for nickel-free chain . I bought 18 '' , and it 's good length for me . Fast shipping , good packing . I really like it , and am happy because I do n't need to wear old silver chain . -LRB- Of course , it includes nickel ! -RRB-
 I ordered this chain as a replacement for another chain I already had but broke , and I 'm happy with the purchase . It 's very good quality and after 3 weeks of wearing it constantly , there is no signs of wear or tarnish . I would buy from this vendor again . Thanks !
 I purchased an 18 '' chain . My order arrived very quickly . The chain is nice and appears sturdy . In my opinion , this is a good product .
 I bought this snake chain necklace in the 14 '' length . It is beautiful and of very good quality . I love it ! I am a small adult so it is not just for a child . I am enjoying wearing mine with various pendants .
 Excellent buy . My purchase was intended for my 2 nieces for Christmas ! Upon arrival , my daughter claimed one and I claimed the second . Now I 've got to order 2 more ! Fast delivery , too .
 I have searched & searched for a necklace exactly like this one . I love the look of a short chain - I got this children 's necklace & it works perfectly!I love it!Sandy
 I bought two of these -LRB- one for each daughter 3 & 6 -RRB- . It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children . Thank you !
 Gorgeous chain even if you are n't a nickel allergy sufferer . I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller . I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free .
 Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous . I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry . Do n't hesitate .
 Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it , and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It 's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5 mm.I 'd buy it again .
 Beautiful chain . Nice to have a choice of length . I have been really happy with my purchase-it 's perfect for using with different pendants !
 I wear this a lot with many different pendants . It is solid and sturdy . Just the right length .
 Received promptly in a nice gift box , and the necklace looks impecable . Have n't worn it yet -- it is a gift for my husband for Christmas . I think it was a good buy .
 My daughter loved this new edition to her bracelet . Great quality charm .
 Do n't pay retail for this . But at $ 70 the value is there . The bracelet looks nice . The diamonds are a good size , white , and sparkly but are heavily included .
 I just recieved it , and it looks even better than it does on the picture ! Yeah , brilliants are kind of cloudy , but it does n't make it worse . It perfectly fits my wrist , and looks beautiful . I would recommend this item for every one !
 This is definitely my new favorite ring . I 've worn it every day since I received it and have gotten so many compliments on it.The shipping was speedy , the product was gorgeous and prefect and I definitely appreciate the little ring box it came in.Will definitely be buying from them again -LRB- and probably soon ! -RRB-
 I received this ring for a Christmas present from my sister , and it looks great . I think it looks better in person than in the photo . I have very small hands , so I wear it on my middle finger . I think that proportionally , that is probably the best finger to put it on . I think it 's a little overwhelming as a ring-finger ring . I really love the marcasite , and the ring is very shiny . I was surprised to see the price when I looked it up on Amazon to write the review . I thought it would have been more expensive . I also like that it is real sterling silver , so it does n't upset my sensitive skin.The one thing I do n't like is the design sometimes catches on things like when I stick my hand in my pocket . I am a little worried that I might catch it and bend it since silver is a malleable metal . I just try to be a little more careful when I am wearing it out and about .
 I love this ring . It goes with my style very well and is a great addition to a variety of looks . I will be wearing it often !
 You Were So Right !!! The Picture `` Does `` Not `` do this ring justice ! It is absoloutely breathtaking!When I opened the box ... I actualy said `` WOW ! '' . Just did not expect such a `` BEAUTIFUL SURPRISE '' ! I 'm ordering a second one ... just in case anything ever happened to it !!!
 My girlfriend really loved this ring . It is a very great ring for the price .
 This ring is a perfect fit -- it 's very unique and great quality ... well worth the price !!
 I saw this ring on another site for a lot more money and am glad I bought it here instead . I 've gotten a lot of compliments on it -- it really draws the eye . Fast delivery , beautiful ring .
 This ring is beautiful and stands alone wonderfully as a right hand or a left hand ring . Excellent value , fast shipping , unique piece !
 The marcasite ring was beautiful . It was delivered promptly . It was received in a beautifly wraped box . I would definately order items again .
 The photo does not do justice to this georgeous , graceful ring . I wear this often - it is truly lovely .
 Very well made . Much , much more than I had expected because of the low price . I will definitely be shopping here again and again and again .
 I love this ring . It 's pretty , slightly shiny , and very graceful . The size is large , but it 's a delicate design , so it appears just right -LRB- I have smaller fingers and wear this on my middle finger -RRB- . It 's also thin on the finger , which makes it comfortable to wear , even with the unique shape . The value is amazing , so do n't hesitate to buy .
 .925 Sterling Silver Diamond cut Marcasite Band Ivy Leaf RingI absolutely adore this ring . It 's simply lovely . Very comfortable and pretty to look at , yet sturdy . I 've received many compliments , and would most definitely recommend it .
 This ring is really beautiful piece of jewellery . Everybody who noticed it , gave me a compliment . Delivery was quick and the ring has been received in a nice gift box . I would definitely order items from Gem Avenue again . Would recommend this seller !
 I really like the leave design and how the ring wraps around my finger . It is comfortable and very different .
 This is what I 'd hoped it would be . Love the opening bail - more pendants need to be made with opening bails . I bought 3 of these and gave 2 as gifts . Both were well received !
 Bought two of these , thinking I might use for earrings . As it turned out one is green and the other is blue , so I use with matching turquoise beads I already had . Nice pendant for the price . Not real polished , more natural looking . I like all relios ! Thanks for such great jewelry ! Yhe one I have is an enhancer . -LRB- opens up for various size beads etc. . -RRB-
 AS A PURCHASER OF NATIVE AMERICAN ART WORK , JEWELRY AND CRAFTS THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PIECE FOR THE PRICE .
 My husband bought this locket for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it . It is very good quality and the perfect length for a 7 year old .
 These were even better looking in person . Gave as a gift and they went over well . Plus , how fun in the company name ? Cuff Daddy !
 This item is simply stunning and beautiful . I LOVE the detailing . I like the idea of a full tree top instead of barren branches . It also has the 7 roots . I prefer the round style to the oval style or just a tree with no framing . It measures one inch from top of bezzle to bottom of circle surrounding the tree . I feel this size is great for a lady or a teenage . I thing it 's too small for a man , especially a large man . I purchased a sterling silver boxed chain 1.5 mm made in Italy -LRB- from another online supplier -RRB- and it looks good with this pendent . I should have maybe purchased a 2.5 mm chain , but I 'm happy with my first choices . All in all together -LRB- pendant and chain -RRB- cost me UNDER $ 20 but look like I paid a LOT MORE ! You just have to shop around for the best deals and what you REALLY want . Hope this helps you make a decision . Oh . YES , I would recommend this to a friend .
 It 's durable , good quality , intricate , & dazzling . It 's smaller than I expected , but way better quality than I expected . I would highly recommend this to anyone !
 my first plastic ring and love it . post is bendable . the ball that hangs down is a really sexy size . really cute . my husband loves it .
 Nice look or a little money . Good buy for the quality of the product . I would recommend it if you 're looking for an inexpensive everyday wear .
 I still have n't counted all the holes in the display to see how many sets I can fit , but so far I 've got 25 pairs with more room for others . This arrived in a huge box , bigger than a laptop box , and I was puzzled at first as to what in the world it could 've have been . In short , it 's sturdy , reliable , and all solid metal . Much needed as I 'd previously kept 25 + earrings scrunched up and tangled in a small jewelry box . Perfect for the price , too !
 My wife has a lot of earings . She likes them to be highly visible and easily accessible . This is the 4th earring display holder we have purchased , all identical items . They are small emough to easily fit on top of the dresser . My wife is very pleased with the look , functionality , quality and size .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to hold my earrings . It 's a little bigger than I thought it would be but that 's fine . I like the look of it and I can even put my rings on it . Love it!Also , shipping was super fast .
 Love this !! I now have something to put all my earrings on without trying to find them in a drawer ! eXCELLENT SERVICE !
 Instead of throwing them all together in a jewelry box , they are now organized and in full view . I wear more of my earrings because I can see all the earrings that I have !
 This is terrific ! I can see all of my earrings , and it holds all of them . I am using different earrings that I forgot I had , because I can see them without searching . It also saves me time when I am getting ready for work or whatever . Great buy .
 I am very pleased with this earring holder . It is well made and looks adorable with all my earrings hanging from it ! My earrings have become a work of art !
 I just love this stand , its the perfect addition on the dresser to keep all the earrings and sometimes even dangle bracelets on it . Keeps them easily accesabile and helps me decide what i want to wear quickly : -RRB-
 I was debating whether or not to purchase this item or Urban Outfitters infamous bird cage earring holder but I am very satisfied with this . Not only was it half the price of UO but it does the job just as well . It looks very elegant and well balanced . I was even able to put my necklace and a few bracelets on the side . In addition , I received it super fast -LRB- 2 days -RRB- with my prime membership . I highly recommend this .
 As other reviewers stated , be prepared to not be able to fit one earring per hole . Longer earrings will definitely cover up rows below them . Other than that , it is a great organizer . It is sturdy and well made , and a great way to organize and display my earrings .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister in law and she LOVED it . In fact , she got one for HER sister in law . It holds a bunch of earrings , doesnt take up much room and is a nice clean display . Very functional and useful for someone with a bunch of earrings . Holds necklaces on the sides too .
 What a fabulous way to store and display all my earrings ! No more orphan earrings , tangled hooks , or lost pairs . And it matches my harp necklace holder perfectly !
 I bought this for my wife because I was tired of untangling her earings and necklaces . It saves me tme from trying to untangle her jewlrey .
 Does its job . Holds smaller earring though but there are enough earring holders to hold the long earring by taking up two rows . Another down part is its a little tilted . Aside from that great organizer for earring collection . you are able to see all of your earrings . GREAT BUY !
 I am greatly satisfied with the Harp Earring Rack I purchased . It is of excellent quality , and hold a `` bunch '' of earrings . I got all of mine on , and had some space left over for future purchaes . The material is smooth , with no rough or ragged spots , and the stand is heavy enough that there is no risk of it tipping over as I add or remove earrings . My husband was even impressed with the quality and thinks I got a really `` good deal , '' and did n't end up with something cheap . I definitely got more than my money 's worth , and the service was terrific ! I would definitely order again from this seller .
 This is a great jewelry organizer . As with any product , there are of course a few drawbacks . As people have noted , the number of earrings you can store/display depends on whether you own a lot of studs , or hoops , chandeliers , and what my sister incessantly refers to as `` danglies '' . The horizontal spacing of the rungs does n't allow for many long or wide earrings , but by spacing them out between pairs of studs , it is n't a huge issue . Speaking of huge , if -- like myself -- your earrings tend to be chunky or heavy , be careful ! I definitely weighed this down too heavily ; the frame is very lightweight.All in all , though , I 'm quite glad I bought this . No more sifting through boxes and drawers trying to find a matching pair of earrings -- everything is neatly and prettily displayed on my dresser . I can also use the curlicues at the top to store necklaces and bracelets , and thus it 's much easier and simpler to coordinate my jewelry and get rid of some of my clutter . It 's a nice little rack and at the price I paid , a bloody good value .
 I Love this Earring Rack . I am no longer wasting time rummagingthrough my earrings to find its partners . It is easy to useand it looks nice on my dresser .
 I owne a lot of earrings and love to wear them every day , so this is just the perfect way to have them organised , and makes it very easy to choose from . It is big enough but not too much , and quite pretty looking . I had been looking for something like that for a long time and just absolutely love it and recommend it !
 The product is exactly as pictured , and the shipping was super fast ! Just make sure you realize how big the product actually is when you buy it , this stand is pretty tall and wide !
 Very handy !!! All my earrings and bracelets are displayed so I can SEE what I have . Reasonably priced . Bought one for my silver and one for my gold .
 Great for earrings ! I also out my necklaces on the side hooks which is an added bonus . Dangly earring can take a couple of rows but I just make them overlap .
 If you have a lot of small earrings this is perfect ! It was money well spent . I have nothing negative to say about this earring rack !!
 I do n't remember if measurements were listed but this was a bit larger than I had expected . Nonetheless I 'm a happy camper and it 's going to make a great gift for my friend who does n't have a large collection of earrings , but enough to need an option to neatly store them . It seems pretty sturdy and the swirls give it some elegance allowing it to serve also as nice home decor .
 I needed something to house ALL my MANY earrings & this did the trick ! I just wish it was bigger & rows were spaced differently since I have different shapes & sizes of earrings . But I LOVE IT !!!!
 I got it for my jewelry and I love it , it 's beautiful . One little thing though , the black paint comes out easily , had it for a few months and it 's already coming out a little bit .
 When i ordered the Earring rack stand holder i did not expect it be decorative as well ! It really does hold alot of earrings ! And it 's gorgeous too . My friends all want on for themselves . i would recommend this for anyone who needs to have their earrings organized neatly .
 I really like the way this looks . It holds my earrings nicely . My only complaint about it is that there was a patch of rust about 1/2 &#34; wide on the back of it . If it was n't for that , I would 've given in 5 stars .
 Great for holding all kinds of earrings . I really love it . really good for displaying some of your costume earrings .
 An earring holder is an earring holder , for the most part , though I bought this one , because earrings are all the jewelry I wear , so I needed a holder that did not also have places for rings or necklaces or anything of that sort . My favorite thing about this product is that on either end of it , I can use the curled pieces to hang my big hoops from .
 I was n't sure how big this was really going to be or if it was good quality , but it is amazing ! Perfect for all the earrings I have ! I definitely recommend this product if you have a lot of studs .
 I was n't sure how sturdy this earring rack would hold up to my numerous earring collections , but it did its job perfect ! I absolutely love it and am so glad I purchased 4 of these . The display looks very nice & trendy and it 's much easier to pick out my pair of earrings with just a glance from the rack . I would definitely recommend this product .
 i decided to get some type of a jewelry tree when my old case was no longer capable of holding all my jewelry , so i went with this one . NOT dissapointed , has TONS of room to hold all types of earrings . i have dangly , studs , and hoop earrings hanging from mine and you can even hang a bracelett or 2 from the top swirls , but its too short to hold any necklaces , but thats alright with me i keep them separate . very nice looking can sit on top of a dresser or counter , not too big more on the medium scale of thing , and seems to be durable so far .
 This has to be my best purchase from Amazon ! period!And they look so pretty with all my earrings on it that I do n't even want to remove them to wear :D jokes apart . . very practical and quite elegant . . Love it . Going to order 2 more for my friends
 This is perfect for earrings and you can hang a couple necklaces on the sides . LOVE IT ! Sturdy holder too !
 what a find ! I had wondered for so long how I can organize my earrings in a way more suitable then previous -LRB- jewlry trays -RRB- . I was almost dumping everything on the counter to find the matching pair . I looked at some seemingly ingenious fabric holding that were quite contemporary and different . But , in the end , they looked cheap although they were around $ 50.00 . Also , dust would become a problem over time . Anyway , I absolutely love this black metal stand which I keep on a tall dresser . Looks great . The height reduces space , yet allows for such great organization . I SIMPLY LOVE IT ! The fact that it will hold bracelets , necklaces or a watch on either side is just a bonus.jan 2012 update . Still going strong over 2 years later . The price has gone down since then too and it was a bargain back in 2010 . I recently purchased one for a friend who spoke its accolades too . Organizing is such a great thing .
 I could not think of a reason to give it less than four stars , but five was out of the question . Quality control in its production was not a terribly big issue ; the black enamel finish is good , but some of the earring-holder strips were bent . It will serve its purpose adequately .
 This does what I wanted it to do . It sits stably on my dresser , and allows me to be able to organize my earrings by type .
 Definitely what I needed . I have A LOT of earrings -LSB- I posted a picture for my review , the one with all the feather earrings on the right -RSB- If you need something pretty , affordable , and convenient . GET THIS ! I highly recommend it .
 My mom had asked for something to hold her jewelery in , and I thought this would be space efficient and pretty . It came already assembled and ready to go ! My mom really liked it and it looks great with all the earrings , bracelets , and necklaces on it . Really good price too - I think I might have to get one for myself !
 My daughter has a lot of earrings , so this is very handy . Good quality , looks nice . You wo n't regret buying it .
 My wife wanted a larger holder for her ear rings . Well , this certainly holds a lot !! She is very pleased .
 This is an awesome piece for organizing jewelry from earrings to necklaces . I have gotten great use out of this and it makes a great gift for the jewelry collector . It is very sturdy and looks great on my dresser .
 Has more than a hundred earring holding holes , its simply brilliant ! I had been looking for a jewellery stand since a long time and unable to find something in the store which met my needs , I turned to Amazon . I wish I had looked here earlier . The product 's quality is good , the paint is not worn off or something . The only reason I did not give it one extra star is because after holding my necklaces on both the sides , there 's not enough space left for my bracelets , but that 's okay . I was looking exclusively for a earring holder anyway .
 It 's a very useful item and besides , it looks nice on a table in my bedroom . I am enjoying it very much .
 I 'm organized and like my jewelry to be easily displayed so that I can pick out what will go best with my outfit . This allowed me to display my earrings by color and the swirls on either side at the top are great for hanging rings , necklaces , or bracelets . GREAT VALUE !
 This piece is well made and balanced correctly . It holds plenty of earrings and dangling ones as well . My daughter likes it because it looks musical .
 I purchased this with the other jewelry holder for my pierced earrings since there was less room between the rows . So I have one for pierced and one for my dangle earrings . Works great and nice look .
 I just got this today and I 'm already over the moon about it . It 's a lot bigger than I was expecting and it looks really well made . I 'm addicted to earrings and needed something better than a box to organize them . This is EXACTLY what I was looking for .
 This is a great product . There 's plenty of space for earrings . My only issue is with the curly ends for necklaces . They get easily tangled if you put a lot of them on there . Otherwise , I really love this sturdy holder and hope to use it for a long time to come since it 's so well-made .
 Hi , I purchased this item in a local Drug/Gift Store last year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and paid $ 12.50 more for the same item .
 The perfect earring holder for a great price . I just got it today , and I 'm already happy with the product . I do n't think you 'll find a better deal .
 It arrived in a very large box along with my other order , a heavy textbook . There was nothing preventing them from thrashing about in the large box , no bubble wrap , no paper , nothing . Besides that , the stand is larger than I had hoped for , there is more than enough holes to fit my earrings , and then some .
 So far so good !! After searching through the different items available on amazon , I decided to go with this one because of its reviews . I was not disappointed . The quality is good . It has lots of room for many pairs of earrings , such that after I received this product , I wanted to go buy a lot more pairs of earrings to fill it up .
 Today I received both of my black metal earring racks shaped like a harp . I bought 2 identical ones because I have about 100 pairs of earrings . Am I ever happy ! I love it 's look and it 's very sturdy . I skipped some row/bars to allow the longer earrings to hang without covering up other earrings . That meant that I used about 2/3rds of the holes . Thus , each one is holding less than I thought I 'd put on there , but with 2 racks , I still have room for more -LRB- not that I need anymore earrings ! -RRB- . It looks pretty , the earrings are easy to see for the day 's selection , and it 's great for organizing them . When I run out of holes , I 'll get a third one for sure .
 Bought this for my wife for Christmas . It 's heavy , wrought iron . It 's fairly big , and can hold a lot of earrings . It 's base is very sturdy , and it wo n't tip over , which is what I was somewhat concerned about . The loops at the top can hold necklaces and such . I give it a 4 star because I wish it had more room for necklaces . But , I 've seen a similar style-design with lots of stowage for necklaces , but it has a much larger footprint - I think I saw it on Amazon . My wife likes it , though , nuff said .
 This earring holder is made with integrity , it 's very simple and goes with nearly any decor . It also has tons of room for small hoops and stud earrings . I 'm overall impressed with this purchase .
 I 've had mine for a year now . It 's sturdy , still black and has handled everything I 've burdened it with . It 's footprint is n't too wide , either .
 I received this a couple of years ago when I put it on my wish list , and just came across it again now and realized I never reviewed it ! It 's a great earring holder , just what I needed , and I also put some necklaces on it to . I bunch them up and hang them on the loops , but now I 'm thinking about getting their necklace holder thingie too now that I have gotten a lot more necklaces over the years.Anyway great earring holder ! Looks nice and is very sturdy : -RRB-
 I have several of these earring holders . They hold a lot of earrings , they are sturdy , and -LRB- best of all -- for me -RRB- they have a music motif . -LRB- I collect music `` stuff '' -RRB- . And they are great if you have larger/longer earrings that are hard to put on `` standard '' holders .
 this product is very pretty and very useful too . It arrived quickly and I 'm very pleased with it .
 I bought this earring tree several years ago and have been happy with it ever since . When I first bought it , I had read a review that suggested that one should cut the third and the sixth rung off of it to allow it to hold longer earring styles . I cut off the third rung with a little hack saw and will eventually cut off the sixth . It is perfect ! Once I got this holder , I loved it so much I started really getting into buying earrings to help fill it up . Now I have a beautiful collection all neatly organized and nicely displayed . This is a great product .
 The earring holder holds so many earrings ! Its great ! My only complaint is that when you are putting any earring on it that is n't a stud -LRB- like dangle or chandelier earrings -RRB- then it falls on top of the earrings below them . Its not really a big deal and its totally something that you can deal with . So , other than that I am extremely satisfied with it !!
 This earring stand is sturdy and holds most of my earrings . However , it 's not good for hoops . Some of the holes are not usable because they are so close together ; the shape of some of my earrings make it necessary to skip a lot of the holes , so it does n't hold as many earring as advertised unless you only have small studs . Still , I 'm pleased with the purchase . It probably holds more earrings than most women have .
 I first got this a few months ago and I loved it - ordered two more -LRB- different seller -RRB- and it was HORRIBLE QUALITY ! I originally bought from sunrise which when i went in my order history , it is now called dazzaling gifts - their product is great quality - Zoohu was HORRIBLE -LRB- chipped , etc -RRB- and MyGifts was a peice of junk and not even the right color - glazed over and not solid.Amazon should be more careful who they let sell since some have some really cheap knockoffs .
 This earring organizer is exactly what I needed . I do n't have a TON of earrings , but my collection is growing and I wanted a convenient and attractive way to display them . The holder seems very sturdy , and does not wobble at all . It also came with the correct amount of rails , unlike some other reviewers have stated . I compared a lot of racks before deciding on this one and I could n't be happier with my decision .
 I received the item very quickly and in good condition . The only reason for the 4 stars vs 5 is that there was a couple scratches on the black paint .
 This harp-shaped earring tree is great ! It fits all of my earring collection , plus some of my favorite necklaces , bracelets , sunglasses , and rings . Plus , it looks great on my bedside table : -RRB- I 'd highly recommend this earring tree from MyGift , and will definitely buy again from them !
 This product is exactly the way it looks in the photo . It 's perfect . I finally have a place for all of my earrings .
 This earring stand is so well made and tall . It holds many pairs of earrings and was an outstanding choice . I ca n't believe I got it at the price I gave or it !
 Stand is very nice and does n't have any balace problems . Holds plenty of earings , bracelets , and necklaces and keeps them visible .
 The product was as advertised and arrived as scheduled . It suits the purpose for which it was ordered . Definitely would order again .
 Great rack . I kind of wish the rows were further apart for longer earrings but I even use the side hooks for earrings and bracelets . I would recommend this item .
 it was a gift for my gf and she loves it . i also no longer have to worry about earrings littering every coffee table in the house
 Love this I bought two and then bought 2 more . Great for all of my earrings . Good Quality and Good price
 This is an excellent product . I hung all of my earrings , its is also very sturdy and gives your bedroom a `` chic '' feel.I would definitely recommend it for anyone who wants to buy .
 Easy to find my desired pair of earrings with this attractive storage stand . Holds many pairs , esp . if you insert a pair of French-hook dangle earrings into one storage hole . I hang lots of necklaces off the ends . No more fishing through many jewelry boxes to find what I need !
 I 've had other earring trees , and always ended up over-crowding them and creating a mess . This has tons of room -LRB- especially if you use one hole per pair -RRB- , and everything stays neat and untangled .
 I really love this . I bought two because I would need to hang all my earrings and necklaces . Great item .
 Very happy with my earring rack . It will go perfectly with my other jewelry organizers . Very sturdy design that will work for many years to come .
 My wife is writing this review ... I just love this Earring Rack ... I spent at least 5 minutes trying to fish out the earrings out of my tray ... it never failed , I would find one and took me forever to find the other.With this rack , I have them all neatly displayed and at the ready.It is black and goes well with my sterling silver trays that I have on my dresser.This was a good buy !
 Good for dangly earrings or stud earrings with metal backs to them . It looks great in my room , like part of the decor rather than my jewelry cluttering my surface spaces . I love it !
 I just received it in the mail . No complaints at all . Very good for the price , and I am 100 % satisfied with it .
 This earring rack is bigger than I expected it to be and it totally awesome ! The side hooks are great for bracelets and necklaces and there is tons of space for MANY earrings . Exactly what I was expecting !
 This a good simple product.It is nicely made , solid and good looking.I will buy more for future jewelry shows .
 Bought this for my daughter and she loves it . Plenty of room for all of her post earrings and rings . Good guality find and better yet - great price .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas , and she was thrilled ! It has sturdy construction , and plenty of room for all her earrings . An unmentioned benefit is that you can hang necklaces from the loops at the top .
 This earring holder is cute and practical . It seems really sturdy and displays jewelry nicely . The only thing that I would point out is that it does n't really hold too many earrings . I where longer dangly stuff and I could only fit about 30 pair on there and they overlap each other .
 Earring holder holds around 80 pairs of earrings which is just what my mom needed for all her earrings . The only thing I would change about this holder would be to alter the distance between each row to accommodate different length earrings . But my mom is using it right now and loves it .
 i got this for my sister for Christmas and she loves it ! good price and it 's pretty big so it can fit a whole bunch of earrings . it 's kind of hard to see on the picture but there are small holes in it for all of your studs .
 I Love these ! ... I 've bought several ! ... BLACK metal JEWELRY harp Earring RACK stand HOLDER ... they hold a lot they 're well made and makes it easy to store and find things ! ~
 This is the best thing I have bought this year ! It is so much easier to keep organized , no more looking for a pair of earrings . It is easy to use and looks great on the dresser , I got one to give my best friend for her birthday as well and she just loves it too !
 This rack is even more attractive than pictured . Very sculptural . I am concerned by the 1-star review that complained about their jewelry being tarnished , but I suppose only time will tell . Perhaps a coat of clear nail polish on the stand could help ?
 I ordered this product as a back up till I could afford something bigger and better and when it arrived , it was way bigger then it had appeard in the picture . It works perfectly with the amount of jewerly I currently have . The only thing about this , is that it 's not really ideal for necklaces but that is ok because I have a diff location I put them .
 I bought this to hang all of my earrings . It works fine . The holes could be a little further apart as I had to skip a hole between some of my larger earrings . Looks great in my closet and appears to be sturdy so far , even completely full .
 I am so pleased with this earring holder ! I can put both wires and posts on it , see where they are and better make a decision about which ones I want to wear .
 This is just what I expected , my earrings are now organized and I can find the pair I want to wear instantly !
 This earring tree holds all of my earrings , even the dangly ones . You just have to space them appropriately . It never tips over and it looks so pretty on the counter . I love it !
 The first time I saw this earring holder I knew it was exactly what I needed , and I was right - this holder is perfect to keep my jewelry organized in a very stylish way . It was delivered in time and in perfect condition . It has enough space for all my earrings , and I also can use those nice side curves to store bracelets and watches . I ordered it together with necklace holder -LRB- also by Artful Jewelry -RRB- , and put them together on my toilet table , which added some decoration to the room . I 'm sharing the picture so everyone can realize how it looks with jewelry on it . Well , I 'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to everyone .
 I am happy with this product ... it shipped quickly and my earrings display very nicely on this .
 wonderful ultimate disc , 175g , awesome color changing effect , comes white and turns purple under even a little bit of sunlight .
 I was looking for a nice-looking earring tree to put on my new bathroom counter and found this . It really looks great and holds many pairs of earrings of any type ,
 I , like the other reviewers , was looking for a way to easily organize my earrings . Based on the reviews I purchased this one . It 's sturdy & looks fine on my dresser . It holds alot of earrings however only if you have studs or tiny earrings will hold all that is says it will . I have alot of dangly & hooped earrings . I had to pretty much skip every other row & I put all my large hoops on the bottom , to allow for maximum room . I 've put 30 pairs of earrings on it & there is still room for a few more pair but not many . I gave it 4 stars still , because for the money . . this is a great purchase as long as you do n't expect to put 70 pairs of earrings on it . I also hung some of my necklaces on the top sides which is a nice plus .
 These earring holders are great for my show displays . Holds lots of earrings while easy to view . They 're just what I needed .
 I have n't had this for very long , but already I love it ! Previous to this , I was using a screen that was super glued onto a circular stand . It was too small and my earrings looked incredibly cluttered on it . With this one , they are nice and neat and with the space between bars , there is plenty of room for my dangly earrings as well .
 This is a great earring holder , absolutely love it . Holds earrings very well and displays them cleanly . The only change I 'd make is making the bottom bar higher up . You pretty much ca n't use it to hold earrings since long ones above will cover it up and there is n't enough room below for earrings to dangle properly .
 This is a wonderful product . I had a large collection of earrings and it did a wonderful job of organizing the pairs . I had to skip some holes in between each pair so I could clearly see all of the earrings and even skipped rows below for more spacing but that 's only because I have big earrings . My main purpose was to have somewhere I could put my earrings so they would n't get tangled up with one another and a place that did n't take up too much space and this did the trick ! Great product for the price and it arrived rather quickly which was even better !
 I really liked the shape of this and there are lot of holes to put your earrings in . Overall I love it and would recommend it to all my friends . It 's a great way to display your earrings instead of rummaging through piles of them .
 I really like this earring display harp . Does n't take up much space and saves me time in the morning ... no more searching for the other earring ! :-RRB- I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I bought this item because I have way too many pair of earrings . This organizer allows me to put together all of my earrings . Also , it allows me to look at my collection instead of going through boxes while picking the colors I want . Good buy !
 I was focused on a necklace holder and would not have considered the earring rack had it not been offered as a package deal . I am so glad it was ! Now the tiny studs are in plain sight , not hiding in a tangle of necklaces . No more putting in one earring and not being able to find its match . If you love organization and efficiency , you need this !
 I needed a better way to store my earrings , and now they 're easy to get to and on display ! Glad I bought it .
 I have hoops , studs and dangling earrings , this holder had organized all of them so I am not searching for a pair ever !
 i got my ears pierced for my 15th birthday , including cartilage , and needed a holder . it holds a lot of earrings , i put them in the same holder . it 's pretty too , i got it in black
 I have several jewelry armoires and two jewelry boxes . I could never keep track of all my earrings . This sits on my dresser sideways so that it does not take up a lot of space . I can see my earring selections at a glance and they are not tangled and separated . Great solution to my earring problem . I can now enjoy more of them without searching through the menagerie - esp . when I am in a hurry .
 I was looking for an earring holder that was aesthetically pleasing as well as functional ; this served as both & I am completely satisfied with my purchase . The earring holder was larger than what I thought it would be but I am nonetheless satisfied with my purchase . It 's sturdy & does a beautiful job displaying my jewelry ; I am more inclined to wear my jewelry when I have such a beautiful display of it .
 I looked all over the web for something to store my earrings and of course I should know to rely on Amazon . This got so many good reviews and I have to agree with everyone . I really love this . It 's perfect for me to see my earrings . I had way more than I thought I did so I 'm thinking I need to buy another one . Very easy and perfect for my needs .
 This holder is very cleverly designed - lots of space to put my earrings and it looks so pretty that it has a place of honor on the dresser . The caveat is that the holes are rather close together , so if you have large earrings , its unlikely that you get to put one in each hole . Also , I have a couple of dangling earrings that kinda go beyond the next rung , so that might also lead you to lose a few spots . Finally , one of my dangling earring sets has a flat and wide area at the top , preventing those from going into the holes . So I just hang them on one of the rungs . I do n't specifically care about any of these things -LRB- hence the 5 stars -RRB- but figured others might .
 I 'm trying to look for an inexpensive earring holder but does n't look cheap . And this is perfect ! It looked great , sturdy , worth your money ! Very fast shipment . Im very impressed . Im a happy customer. : -RRB-
 a bit bigger than I expected . It 's ok though , the build of the product is strong and the finish is smooth . Shipping was quick ; its drawback - I had to sign for it when the delivery guy brought it -LRB- I do n't know why it required a signature , how weird -RRB- , but I was n't home so I had to wait till the next day to get it .
 Lots of holes to fit a lot of earrings . Stable so you do n't have to worry about it falling over . Only thing is the bars going across are pretty close to each other so the longer earrings need to go near the bottom so that they do n't cover the earrings underneath them .
 I love the earring rack . Everyone that has seen it likes it . Requiring a certain amount of words is stupid .
 Fast shipping ! This product makes my life easy bc I am able to just have all my earrings visible and choose whatever I want . I feel like I need more spacing or it should be higher but I will work with it ... It 's all about how you place the earrings !
 Just that , this is very cute in my room but also very functional for my earring collection . Great item , I definitely recommend .
 Great Service ! Was exactly what was advertised and product arrived when it was suppose to ! Will order again from this company !
 At first I was worried that there was n't enough space , but I put my studs on the top rows and the longer ones toward the bottom . I am amazed at how many pairs of earrings I have fit on here . They are also displayed so well that it makes choosing my pair of earrings fast , I do n't have to rifle through anything . I even use the little hooks on either side to put a few necklaces on , it kinda doubles as an earring and necklace holder .
 I had been looking for a pierced earring holder for months and did n't see anything I liked until I ran across this on Amazon . I had checked here before but probably missed this one.It 's very well made and sturdy -- thank goodness because I am heavy handed . It holds about 24 pairs of earrings but if you have large earrings it may take up four spaces , but that 's okay with me . Now my dresser does n't look messy with earrings everywhere . And a big plus -- they all have the backs to each one now :-RRB- Definitely would recommend this product .
 This earring rack is beautiful , well made and larger than I thought . Holds all my earrings and still has room for more . Functions very well . I am very satisfied !!
 Ordered this after reading the reviews and it arrived today , on time and well packaged.I immediately gathered my earrings from boxes , Tupperware -LRB- ! -RRB- and plastic divider thingies and spent an hour organizing all my ear wear . Who knew I had so many great earrings?How fabulous to see all earrings at a glance , actually in pairs , instead of having to search for mates . It holds a lot of earrings ! Pierced , clips ; large and small . It also has those curls on the side for large hoops.I would really recommend this product if you have more than 10 pair of earrings -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB-
 Mine arrived in perfect shape , though I can see why it 's vulnerable in transit . I ordered it with a book , which came in the same box . I think this helped holding the harp stand in place and offered some protection in transit - for your consideration.I 've had it for over a week and have not noticed any silver tarnishing problem -LRB- reported on some other similar products -RRB- . Now just need to buy more earrings to fill up the gaps . : P
 These bracelets make great little gifts for the office . I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit . Since they were so inexpensive , I was able to give everyone a gift .
 The color combinations of the agate chips
 This is a good quality bracelet the is both fun too look at and also has some anti fatigue properties . i reccomend these stonw chip bracelet sets highly
 These bracelets make great little gifts for the office . I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit . Since they were so inexpensive , I was able to give everyone a gift .
 It is only $ 1.99 plus whatever fraction of the shipping charge belongs to it . I ended up giving it to a friend for Christmas and ordering another for myself .
 Expectations exceeded . I bought this ring expecting it to be `` okay '' -LRB- b/c its bioplast -RRB- but it turned out to be fantastic . Its true to the color in the picture , super comfortable and awesome for the price . I loved it so much that I decided to purchase the purple-pink marracas belly ring . It was also beautiful . Will continue to buy belly rings from this company . Excellent quality !
 Very quick and efficient transaction . Asked for the necklace to be longer and it was done -LRB- at a cost -RRB- . Necklace was exactly as seen . I would definitely purchase from this seller again .
 The item shipped fast . It does n't glow in the dark for very long , but it is worth it . The balls are unscrewable so I can use it with other pieces too . Its very comfortable and fits perfectly . It is easy to clean and I found it much better for the healing time then the metal rings .
 I decided I wanted some new red earrings to wear with my various red Christmas garments and after looking at many on Amazon , I settled for these.When they arrived and I tried them on , I was delighted . The garnets are a stylish cranberry shade and are nice and clear . I also like the intricate pattern in the silver and the modest length because it does n't get caught in my collars.The stones on the Amazon page make them appear about the size of a pencil eraser , but they 're not that big ; closer to 3/4th that size would be fairly accurate . Other than that tiny `` nit , '' I 'm very pleased with these pretty earrings.If any of you men are looking for an extra stocking stuffer for your loved one , I can recommend them highly . I think they 're perfect for sisters , mothers , wives , sweethearts and even teen daughters . Go for it!Reviewed by Betty Dravis , December 4 , 2010Author of `` Dream Reachers '' -LRB- with Chase Von -RRB- and other books
 Bought these earrings for my mother to match a necklace and she absolutely loves them .
 These garnet and silver earrings are very pretty . I bought them for my mother because her birthstone is garnet . They look nice on , although I wish the garnets were just a little bigger . But the color is beautiful and the earrings look well made .
 The tourmaline bracelet I received was so much more attractive than this picture . Greens , pinks , reds , a few clear , a few blackish , and some mixed green/pink chips . A good deal for a tourmaline chip bracelet .
 The chips were 2x larger than the other chip bracelets . Pale and pretty . Accurate pic .
 I 've done this photo charm about five times . Each charm came out great . I used old photos that were ` nt the best quality and they still came out clearly . I also used movie stills and high quality photos they all turned out wonderfully .
 This cross is incredibly pretty . The tiny diamonds and diamond-cutting of the silver catch the light so amazingly . To put it simply , when I wore it to my mom 's house , she said , `` I know what I 'd like for Mother 's Day . '' When I very innocently asked what , she said , `` THAT ! '' and pointed to my cross . I was worried that it might be too large , based on the picture , but it was n't . The cross is almost exactly one inch long -LRB- a little over an inch and a quarter with the bale -RRB- . It looks like I paid more than the $ 19.99 I paid for it . It 's absolutely beautiful .
 I read another review about the white version of these and was horrified the buyer was n't happy . I bought the white ones for a friend who is over the moon , and the black ones for myself and my mother . These are freshwater pearls so there is some irregularity with them , both in color and shape . It 's part of their beauty . This necklace is a lovely length , and the pearls are a good size . It 's got those really pretty petrol colored green and purple tinges , as well as a nice wieght to it . If you 've got a few spare $ 1000 and are after 18mm tahitian pearls , then do n't buy these . If you 're after a very pretty necklace you 'd be proud to be seen in and want people to comment on , then these are for you . I 'm going to buy some of the other colors .
 My husband bought me these pearls for Christmas.They arrived about 7 days after being ordered , appropriately packaged
 I added these pearls to my wish list and was elated to receive them as a gift from my sister-in-law for Christmas . If you 're looking for perfectly round flawless pearls , this is n't for you . However , for the money these are an excellent value . No one notices the minor irregularities and most think they are far more expensive . The clasp is particularly pretty . My mother received much more expensive pearls -LRB- $ 180 -RRB- as a gift and I actually think mine were prettier !
 The pearls are just as described , fast shipping and nicely packaged . Even came with a nice storage bag .
 It was given as a gift for my wife and she loved it . You can purchase pearls but Black pearls WOW .
 These were a Christmas gift for a good friend a few years back of mine and she absolutely loved them and she still wears them .
 I do n't buy a lot of jewelry , but man oh man I have gotten a lot of compliments on this necklace . She loves it , her friends love it , I love the price ...
 Exactly as described , and a good deal ! Pleased with the purchase.Cleaning with rubbing alcohol made it look a little cloudy . But nothing too bad , and it seemed to fade after time . But I 'd recommend peroxide over the rubbing alcohol for this reason .
 I 'm a fan of bioplast since the first time I wore one of these ! They feel great , and the variety of colors is amazing ! I love the combination of simple shape , convenience -LRB- no pain , no sticking to clothes , no weird marks on your skin when you wake up in the morning -RRB- , and pretty colors ! You can mix and match with your outfit and it always looks good ! Love love love them !
 I fricking love my new Claddagh ring ! I 've always wanted one and now I 'm happy I have one so thanks ! ^_^
 These earrings are very beautiful . I got them for my friend for her birthday and she loved them . They are the perfect size and weight . I would recommend them to anyone .
 I 'm using this for an initial piercing and it was easy -LRB- relatively , lol -RRB- to put in . I love it and you can tell when you need to clean it because it 's clear . I love it : -RRB-
 This clear ring is the perfect size and is flexible and does n't rub or get caught on clothing . If you sometimes want to make your piercing less noticeable , buy this ! I did n't know what to expect buying body jewelry online but everything I ordered arrived quickly and is great quality !
 I 'm a fan of bioplast since the first time I wore one of these ! They feel great , and the variety of colors is amazing ! I love the combination of simple shape , convenience -LRB- no pain , no sticking to clothes , no weird marks on your skin when you wake up in the morning -RRB- , and pretty colors ! You can mix and match with your outfit and it always looks good ! I like this one because it is hardly noticeable so I can wear it when discretion is necessary , like when I 'm around conservative grandparents or in other cases when a ` flashy ' belly ring does not seem appropriate . And , it feels to me like something Cindarella would wear , so it gives me a fairy-tale-princess-luxurious thrill as well : - -RRB-
 I love the flexibility of this navel ring . Very nice and handy to have around . I 've never had an issue with Body Candy as a seller . The one time I received an imperfect item , they shipped me out a replacement ASAP .
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I ordered this pendant along with a heart-shaped blue topaz ring for a total of CAD . 22 , including the s/h fee . The actual item that I have just received is identical to the one shown in the photo . The center stone is pretty . The blue colour is authentic . The chain that came with the pendant is surprisingly nice . I think the chain alone would have been around CAD . 12 to 15 -LRB- before tax -RRB- in Sears or the Bay . This item is a great buy .
 These earrings are so well made ! The stones sit on a solid silver base and the posts are not flimsy and are notched to hold the bases in place . These earrings look really good - stylish and classy . I would definitely buy more earrings by Sajen . Edit - I 've worn the earring several times and received tons of compliments !
 I bought 4 of these bracelet 's for my neices ages 8 - 13 . It was perfect for all of them . It was great that I could get them the same thing , but a little different . Great service fast service . Thanks
 THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO JUSTICE TO THIS BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE . IF YOU LIKE LAPIS YOU WILL WANT THIS PIECE TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION.I NOW HAVE THE NECKLACE , BRACELET AND EARRINGS .
 The Sapphire necklace I bought arrived quickly and was beautiful . The stone was very dark blue , but next to blue fabric looked fine . Probably could not ask for much more for the price .
 Although purchasing jewelry from a picture on-line can be frightening , Amazon has been a reliable source for choosing reasonably priced , quality , jewelry . This pendant has sweet , understated elegance . Of course the sapphire was the typical deep navy blue color , not the stone that appears `` black '' in the photo . I purchased this as a gift for my niece . It is the birthstone of her baby girl . It 's small enough for her to wear at her nursing job daily , as a way to keep her little girl close to her heart .
 At first , I was a little hesitant purchasing an engagement ring from Amazon . However , after getting the Ring and seeing the smile on my Fianc&eacute;es face was more than enough to reassure me I made a good choice.Good Points : The Ring was not only priced $ 1200 below retail stores , but it was also certified with a lot higher ratings than anything I found . The mounting , band , and diamond where all very good quality and hard to find in most retail stores . I would recommend purchasing an engagement ring from Amazon to any man who was looking for a special Ring . Not only do you get a Better Ring , you have some money left to propose to your girlfriend with.Down Side : Make sure you choose the correct shipping when you place the order with Amazon . If you choose to change the order shipping , you face having your estimated ship date changed by another week to two weeks . I personally had this problem , changed standard shipping to one day shipping , and received the ring two weeks later than originally quoted.To make a long story short - do n't overestimate the quality of a ring that is purchased on Amazon . You are going to get a great deal and a Beautiful Ring that any woman would be proud to wear !
 I love it . I gave it as a gift to my friend in memory of her daughter , she loved it !
 Beautiful necklace ! Prettier than the picture ! Great customer service as well . I emailed them , and responded within 4 hours -- even on a Sunday ! Perfect gift !
 The photo of this locket does not show its true beauty !! What a surprise to see the sparkling clear sets that adorn the front of the locket along with the amethyst sets ! I was originally drawn to its antique and dainty appearance and its unique shape and design . It is truly an elegant piece of jewelry - no one will believe it was inexpensive !! Great buy for the price and a terrific addition to your jewelry wardrobe !
 This was a gift for a friend . She loved it ! I inspected it when it arrived , before I gave it to her , and I found myself wishing that I had gotten one for myself as well .
 I Ordered this for my daughter for Christmas and ca n't wait to give it to here ! It sparkles and it 's so pretty - More beautiful then the photo !
 I recieved the locket today to inspect it before I give it to my friend . when I looked I couldnt believe how thin the chain was , It feels like if i hold it up it will just snap . Also the little hinge that makes the locket open is extremely loose and fragile . its beautiful and i have no doubt she will love it . But im going to get a new chain for it and find some way to fix the hinge .
 This locket is really nice . Bought if for a x-mas present and my mother really liked it as well . I would recommend this to anyone if you like purple .
 Got this for my mother in law for mothers day and she loved it . The locket is really nice quality and was surprised how nice it was considering the price was not expensive at all . Good buy , recommended !
 not so sure the hinge is going to last but i like the design and weight , i have not put pictures in it yet and i am not sure how the pictures will stay in there is nothing to keep them in , i would imagine you just have to make sure the pictures fit tightly
 The Chain is pretty brittle , but the locket itself looks fantastic . Shipping was a little slower than I expected . The locket is hard for her to open but she likes it a lot .
 Very pretty , although I would n't go so far as to say prettier than the picture . It was smaller and much more fragile than the picture however . It does sparkle very beautifully , but it 's hard to tell that there are actual gemstones on the locket from a few feet away . The stones themselves are pale purple , not as bright as the photo , but I found I liked them better in person ; they 're more delicate and subtle . Still , a wonderful Christmas gift , and if it does n't break within a month of casual use , I 'd say well worth it . : -RRB-
 I 'm probably not the first to tell you that I was skeptical buying a ring online . After looking at almost every jewelry store in town , I realized that most of the rings I looked at cost more , being at the same quality or less than what this ring stated . I bought , proposed , and married . She knows exactly where I got it and what it cost , which might be why she said yes . It was a smart decision . The ring looked beautiful , the diamond was brilliant , and it went well in a two ring piece .
 A very pretty piece , many compliments . The chain is very delicate , so I will be making a change , but otherwise I love this necklace .
 I had read other reviews on Silverspeck products but was amazed when this one arrived at my home . The peridot is very sparkly and the silver is pristine . The chain is small but is the right size for the piece . I feel that these items are the right size for the price , however I have only had one bad experience , where what I ordered was not what I received . Be careful if you order something that says it 's garnet and it arrives as amathyst . If you do n't think the picture looks right . . you are probably right . I ordered a garnet necklace and received an amathyst . Good thing I like amathyst .
 I love the pendant . I did put it on a different necklace . The chain that it came with gave me a rash ;-LRB- . I have gotten so many compliments on the pendant .
 I bought two of them . One for me and one for my friend . They are beautiful and elegant.Recommand it to you all .
 Very pretty & sparkly pendant but too small . The chain is extremely thin and would easily break . I gave it away .
 These are fun earrings . The color is bright and very hip . The Princess cut is not as sparkly as the Brilliant cut but is very pretty in its own way . Nicely sets off a casual outfit .
 Very nice earrings that my wife really likes . The processing and shipping was really quick and the super saver shipping was a bonus .
 I 've been looking for a locket for a while now and purchased this not all too long ago . For the most part , it is a nice one . It has a sturdy feeling to it when closed and a nice weight . The stone is clear and well set , and if it were to fall out , it would fall out in the locket ; it 's open-backed . The silver is thick and relatively impervious to applied pressure . It is n't flimsy . What I did note however is a problem with the backing to this locket , and I doubt I just got a poor piece . I 've noticed Silverspeck has many different variations of the same sort of pendant , and the backing here does n't quite fit . I 'd gather the fronts and backs are made separately and not much time is granted to make sure once the two halves are put together that they fit well . When opening the locket the hinge is liberal and loose ; it swivels somewhat generously in all directions , and it is n't something I can fix.The edges of the backing also protrude past the front giving it a sort of `` overbite '' in some places , which is marginally noticeable . If you plan on putting anything in the locket , be aware there may be some large cracks or spaces when it is closed . For example , I wished to put a single , looped circle of horsehair in here , which comes out pretty thick with the twining , and I was worried about it falling out if the tape failed . Old heirloom lockets I 've had rarely , if ever , had this problem , but things by default are not made that well or meticulously anymore . So if there 's anything thin and special you plan on putting in it , this may be relevant . Even so , it 's a solid and quality locket aside from the points I put down . Is it worth the price ? I 'm still not sure on that . But it is a pretty piece if you do n't expect perfection .
 You are buying the locket here - not the chain - yes it comes with a cheap chain , but the purchase is all about the locket . The locket is much more beautiful in person . I bought this for my Sister-in-law who prefers `` estate-like '' pieces & it was a hit . Definitely the right choice for her . I was torn about which stone to choose because you could go any which way - but ultimately decided on the blue topaz which is her birth stone . She loved it - and the locket really is gorgeous - you will not be disappointed in anyway with this purchase it is much prettier in person . As for the clasp issues mentioned with some of the other lockets the locket was very secure - there was no way this baby was gon na fly open !
 Beautiful locket ; cheap chain . The chain broke after wearing it for 4 days . The links in the chain are very weak .
 Thanks this was a gift and they seened to like itwill look at ordering other items when they are needed
 I like marcasite and the topaz gem stone set this off . This was a gift to a granddaughter.If you like marcasite , I highly recommend this item .
 I presented my wife with two pendants to choose from for Christmas and she picked this even though it was half the carat weight of the other . It 's beautifully made and proportioned . Not too flashy , not old fashioned but stylish , flexible and timeless .
 I had been searching for a beautiful timeless heart for myself since long time ago until I `` bumped into it '' online at Amazon `` supermarket '' . It 's dazzling and I could n't help falling in love with it at the first sight :O -RRB- I took the action immediately and I 'm so happy I did . It 's truly worth the time and price I paid . Now I 'm carrying the special heart with me wherever I go ...
 Actual heart is not huge , maybe a bit over 1/2 inch . Diamonds look good and a good size . Nice and sparkly.Certainly worth the money , -LSB- ... -RSB- I had it shipped to Australia and it arrived via singapore post with no problems .
 I purchased this for my wife , and she loves it . I did alot of research on options for a heart necklace before I purchased this necklace . Amazon sells one that 's 1/4ctw and 1/2ctw . I selected this one -LRB- 1/2ctw -RRB- because I felt it would look nicer , and it looks great . The diamonds are the right size , and so is the heart . In the light , it shines nicely . As far as the grade of the diamonds , due to their size , you really can not see any issues with any of the diamonds.The only thing that Amazon should change would be that they should put a better clasp on the necklace . This version is a very basic clasp . Most other necklaces that my wife has have better clasps .
 Bought this to put a small charm on for a friend bracket is much nicer in person seems sturdy and for the price it 's perfect very pleased with my purchase
 I was very pleased with this bracelet . It is well made and fits well . I especially like the link it has .
 My husband Just got this for my bday n i love it , it is very beautiful , Just wish it would Have come with chain/necklace .
 Nice size good quaility peace sign . I changed the Chain itself as original was too thin , lightweight .
 in case you did n't hear , this year is the 50th birthday of the the peace symbol as we currently know it . This was a gift to a friend who also turned 50 this year ... product is well made and striking and stands out from the other paraphernalia
 Beautiful peace sign necklace . It is much prettier than in the picture . I gave this to my daughter and she wears it all the time !!
 Beautiful and GREAT quality . Sparkled in every photo taken.Only downside is the chain was a little cheap so I put it on anothr chain . Earrings were a great addition to wear as well!I love wearing this knowing if by chance I lose it , its not $ 1000 . -LRB- but it definately looks like it ! -RRB-
 I absolutely love these earrings . They are cute and small and perfect . The backings have stayed securely in place for me and have never fallen off . I work on a farm , so these little guys are just perfect . They look nice and never get caught on anything .
 These earrings are exactly what I expected ! They are very fine and glossy , and look amazing on my ears -LRB- I put one in the earlobe and the other - in the cartilage , looks awesome -RRB- ! There were no problems with shipment -LRB- they shipped it to Russia within 2.5 weeks , while it usually takes over 3 weeks to get a product from the US -RRB- , so these earrings were a perfect buy at every level .
 The item ordered was shipped promptly and was exactly as described . No problems whatsoever .
 I bought this along with several rolo chains , mainly out of curiousity for the style of the links . This is a slightly heavier chain at 1/8 '' so not the typical chain for a pendent , though it certainly would be nice with the right one . The links remind me of soda pop tops linked together . That 's not to imply it 's cheap looking , in fact it 's very nice ; just a bit different . It 's a good style to wear alone , or with several chains of varying lengths together . Overall I liked it . The 4 stars are for personal taste only . I prefer the spiga and rolo chains a bit more .
 They are classical hoops . I have worn them almost every day for two years . Am I a creature of habit or what ? Definitely not a fashion diva . They have held up beautifully to showers , chlorine , ocean water , hairspray , and still shine . The clasps still hold snuggly . Could n't ask for anything better .
 I bought this necklace as a gift and was worried it may look like cheap costume jewelry . I was happily surprised when it arrived . You wo n't mistake it for something from Tiffany 's bought it is a nice piece of antique styled jewelry . The locket sealed well and holds the photo of your choice . If you 're looking for that little something for mommy or granny give this one a look .
 I ordered the green lifesaver tongue ring . When it arrived , I noticed that it 's not as green as I had expected it to be , but is instead a yellow/green , but I 'm not particular , so it was not an issue for me . It may be better to take out the `` life saver '' before going to bed , because , personally , my tongue swells a little when I 'm sleeping , so it has occasionally caused discomfort upon waking up .
 This is a great thumb ring and if you like clovers this is for you . it is not too big and not too small . You can pair it up with a plain silver band for a awesome look . I highly recommend this ring . It 's very pretty .
 versatile ring ; purchased this ring to fit pinky finger ; sits beautifully ; style would suit any finger ... stylish ; does not hook or slip ... very versatile product
 I really love this ring . It 's just what I was looking for . It 's beautiful and so is the price !
 The ring is pretty cute but it was a bit thicker than I anticipated . Also , the black peeled off from the words but after all of the black was gone I actually liked the ring more .
 yhis item i purchase for my mother in law , i hope is happy with this . is very fine and have a good quality
 We got this ring for my daughter 's 13th birthday . I wanted to get her something pretty , but not too expensive , because she still does lose things from time to time . The ring was very pretty , especially for the cost .
 I bought this birthstone pendant for one of our Granddaughters and intend to write a letter to go with this gift.This way we can tell her :1 . The Past , when she was born , how proud we were ,2 . The Present , how smart and beautiful she is , and ,3 . The future , letting her know that she is to follow her heart , remembering what she was taught , love her family , and she willsucceed in all her endeavors .
 This is a very cute little butterfly necklace . Good value for the price . Great service by Eve 's Addiction .
 I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30 % off . After getting the ring , I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list .
 Very pleased with purchase . The chain is a bit thin , but overall very happy with medal ; image both sides very well crafted .
 Very beautiful design love it . My son loved it the workmanship is very detailed and it looks better than the picture .
 love the case and it fits my cards perfectly :-RRB- -RRB- def a good buy and a good gift :-RRB- -RRB- :-RRB- -RRB-
 All I can say is `` WOW ! '' Could n't believe my eyes when I say this box . I got this EXACT beautifully carved wooden box back in 1970 ... yes , 1970 ! ... FORTY-TWO YEARS AGO !!! ... and it still is just as functional and as wonderful as the day I received it . If this fact does n't sell you on buying the box , nothing will .
 I purchased this box also , and the comment that some one wrote that says it smelled so bad that it made them sick , is a false statement . These boxes are beautiful.perhaps something happened to his box at his house?They are perfect for a set of tarot cards , and they are build very strong .
 i fell in love with this necklace from the first sight . . and it came as i thought . . i mean the closing style . .
 This was definitely worth the money . It 's a very sturdy necklace , not at all cheap . The pendant definitely has some weight to it , but it 's not that bad at all . I only wish that they had squad 12 and 13 necklaces , but Byakuya is ok i guess .
 I was n't able to find any information as to the size of the pendant when I ordered . When I got the necklace , I was dissapointed to find that it 's the size of a military style dogtag . For a female of small stature , like myself , that 's too big to wear everyday
 I absolutely love my new necklace . It came exactly as pictured , though I would say that the product looks way better when it 's sitting right in front of me rather than on the computer screen . Pretty , durable , and comes in a nice metal case to sit on my dresser when not slung around my neck.A must have for any fan of the Sixth Squad !
 I ordered this charm on 01-24-07 , in the evening . I received it , via USPS , 01-17-07 . It was shipped in a protective , padded envelope . Within was a plastic bag with a silver cardboard box , the charm and chain , both of sterling silver . The Golden Retriever charm and the lovely chain are gorgeous . This is the first Golden Retriever charm I have seen that is beautifully made and reasonably priced.Sabrina 's Silver has many more delightful dog charms . Well worth a look !
 The charm was a bit small , but cute for any Irish Wolfhound enthusiast . It has decent quality . The silver chain is not included .
 I was hestitant to order a diamond ring via the internet . Now , I am so glad I did . This ring is beautiful . The diamond sparkles and flashes with color . Given the combination of color rating , clarity , quality of cut of the diamond , and the aesthetics of the 14k white gold setting , this ring is a bargain . It a great example of classic elegance .
 I bought this engagement ring for my girlfriend , afraid in how it will look on the real world and this is an excellent buy . Guys if you want to score the big points with your special lady , do not hesitate to purchase this ring , is elegant , discrete and looks amazing .
 I was hestitant to order a diamond ring via the internet . Now , I am so glad I did . This ring is beautiful . The diamond sparkles and flashes with color . Given the combination of color rating , clarity , quality of cut of the diamond , and the aesthetics of the 14k white gold setting , this ring is a bargain . It a great example of classic elegance .
 I bought this engagement ring for my girlfriend , afraid in how it will look on the real world and this is an excellent buy . Guys if you want to score the big points with your special lady , do not hesitate to purchase this ring , is elegant , discrete and looks amazing .
 This ring is much better looking once you get it ! I was so happy to see it sparkle in the light . I 'm very satisfied with the ring .
 If you want a plain but nice looking , comfortable ring this is it . I do not need anything else for a wedding ring . Hate luxurious things .
 I absolutely love this ring ! It looks great , goes with everything and is so attractive ! I get compliments on it all the time . It 's different and fun !
 these earrings are perfect to wear with casual and dressy clothes . they can be worn with almost anything . i received several compliments while wearing them .
 These earrings are lovely but are a very different from the picture . First of all on the picture they appear to be light brown color but the ones i got are gray almost black . This makes them look really really cheap almost like made by a kid . They sparkle a bit in the light and look sleek , long , so they are not really for casual wear.So i am a bit disappointed but they made a great gift , so 4 stars .
 I PURCHASED NECKLACE & EARRINGS . NOT VERY BIG , BUT JUST PERFECT ! THEY ARE LONG , WHICH I LOVE ! AND THE NECKLASE CAN BE LONGER OR SHORTER ! JUST LOVE THE SHINE TO THE BEADS !!! JUST PERFECT !
 A while ago I got the `` Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen '' for one of my friends . That ring is beautiful and very similiar to this one . However when I got this one for one of my other friends , although it is a nice ring , in my opinion it is not as nice as the first one I bought . For one , the scroll design does not go all the way around -LRB- I thought it would -RRB- , and at least on the one I received , the stone and setting is a little malformed -LRB- not a nice rectangle -RRB- . Overall it is still a very nice piece . The recipient of the ring loved it . I would go for the Garnet version first though if you do n't already have it . A plus with both these rings is that the back is open so it is adjustable .
 This charm necklace is just the item for someone who deserves a little something special . It 's just the right size for teens , and not too flashy for the more mature set . The charms are lightweight , but the engraved messages on them are not ! This can be a great thank you , a wonderful birthday surprise , or a thoughtful encouragement to a loved one . As soon as I saw the first one I purchased , I called back and ordered three more . And I 'm afraid that may not be enough .
 My daughter received this necklace as a Christmas gift and it is so great . It is something you could wear everyday , strong enough to hold up but dainty enough for a teen . A wonderful , thoughtful present ! I plan to purchase these for gifts in the future .
 I purchased this for my niece 's 12th Birthday . This is a great value for sterling silver . She dances a lot , so I think she 'll love it . Perfect length for young girls , with extension . This came wrapped really nicely , as well . The necklace itself came in 2 small ziplock bags , one smaller than the other . The charms and 1/2 the `` chain '' were in the smaller bag , and then everything was in the larger bag . I believe this is to keep it from tangling . The entire thing was then in a blue/turquoise `` velvet '' drawstring pouch , which was , in turn , in a matching , turquoise gift box . The packaging is also perfect for a teen/tween ! Great product , fast shipping !
 I wear this necklace everyday and it is my second one . Great job in sending this to me . The only beef I have is that the first one cost half what this one cost .
 I have been wearing this same necklace since 2002 . The only reason I ever have to re-order is because I have lost a charm . This necklace reminds me of life and brings strength to me . I would never wear anything else around my neck !
 Great gift for a teenager . Its very nice quality . Better than I expected . Very heavy in weight . The charms are small which are perfect for a teenager . Great price for the product .
 &#34; This item is really nice and unique if you are looking for something non-traditional . One tiny issue , it looks bigger in the picture . I 's not that small but i really wish it was bigger . &#34;
 I love love love the necklace tags and sayings but you ca n't get these off unless you cut the necklace . The necklace is nice except for the portion near the clasp that is the rings to make it shorter or longer -LRB- which again , is a nice feature -RRB- but it always tends to work it 's way to the front and looks ugly . I 've had it for over a year and wear it a lot . I just need to cut the necklace and put it on a chain that I like and it would be PERFECT . Great quality and I get a lot of compliments . My sister has tried to steal it a few times as well . Guess it 's time I buy one for her .
 bought this as a gift and it worked well . She loved the gift . Would recommend this , the tags are smaller then I thought they woyld be but I am happy with it
 My little brother gifted me with the Amazon gift card and I bought the necklace I have always wanted and luckily found on your website . THANK YOU so much Amazon for having what I wanted.My only concern was that the box was open next to my mail box and should not have been placed on the ground next to the mailboxes -LRB- 4 -RRB- . A very satisfied with my necklace and wear it proudly.Marialia Cruz
 i really like this , bought it for my daughter , it is delicate and very unique , not an everyday necklace to wear for a 10 year old but it is a great quality .
 This is for my granddaughter who loves to dance and sing . It will be a Christmas gift so I hope she 'll love it .
 tags were small and delicate but the message was meaningful . Arrived in a timely fashion as well . Inspiring thought for each and every day .
 This was a great value . Bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it .
 This cool anklet was big enough for my chubby ankles ! I wore it every day for about 4 months , and it held up well , even stuffed inside my winter socks and boots . The black charm fell off once , but I found it and clamped it on tighter . It feels light and fragile , but I put it through a lot . Wore it in the shower and pool , too , with no issues . Good value !
 I really like the look of this bracelet and wear it in combinations with other bracelets .
 THANK YOU !!!! I WAIT A LONG TIME TO HAVE CHEST BREASTPLATE BUFFALO HORN PIPIES , FULL OF ENERGIE BEAUTIFULLLL I SO HAPPY !!!! I LOVE IT !!!!
 Solid Sterling Silver Light RingI bought both these rings and am very pleased with the quality for the price . Could n't find anything comparable in stores locally .
 This crucifix is absolutely beautiful . Everyone comments on how lovely it is . You can clearly see the two tones and the image of Christ is clear . This was a wonderful purchase . I wear it all the time , even to the gym .
 I bought this ring as it looked ideal for an outfit I had and was going to wear to a wedding with a victorian theme . unfortunatly American ring sizes are numbers and UK sizes are letters and I was told by amazon that size 7 was an S and as that is what came up on amazon I trusted it . The ring would not even fit my little finger . fortunatly it fitted my daughter who is a size M or N so it fitted her perfectly and so she had it.otherwise I would have had to send it back . This is a pretty ring and she likes it a lot . The delivery was fast and customer service polite . if you like ` old fashioned ' or ` victorian ' style jewellery then you will like this .
 American Pearl does everything right - fast shipping , beautiful presentation box , warranty certificate , extra protective sleeve and of course great looking earrings that my wife loves - and that 's all that matters . Highly recommended .
 I wear the medal everyday . Had to put it on a new chain as the chain it came with was a metal that made me break out . Other than that the medal itself it great . Looks just as described .
 Nice and solid . I wear it everyday ! This is my 1st thumb ring and I like it alot ! The ring is smooth all the way around . You can see where the seems came together in making it . This is just one seem . I ordered the 12 . I am going to order the 6 for my pinky . Great bargain for the price .
 The chain was purchased to wear with a white gold and diamond cross . The chain compliments the cross better than I could have imagined . The chain is just a brilliant as the diamond cross .
 I like St. Christopher 's medals - The blue overlay and black around the edge makes a nice looking medal . The back has a surfer which is a little funky but cool . Now the one star off - the chain is cheap and gave me a dreadful rash . I like the medal enough to replace the ball chain with a cord , so four stars .
 This feminine necklace attracted me because of the aesthetic , shimmering colors of the organza petals in shades of pink , fuchsia , gold , and green , complemented by the white of nice cultured pearls . I could picture it with many of my outfits . From tanks and jeans to tailored suits and elegant dresses , this promised to be a versatile accessory that I would wear often.When Amazon sent me a notice about this product , I viewed the larger photo at the top of the product page for a closer look at the floral detail ; the flowers looked so pretty and dainty , I was sold!When it arrived , this necklace was beautiful -- much more attractive than I had determined from the photo -- so now I 'm even more pleased . In fact , I wore it to lunch with a friend last week and when she raved about it , our waitress complimented it , too , asking where I had purchased it.Although it 's sturdy and looks like a five-star product , I 'm deducting one star because it 's a little hard to clasp . I always have trouble with this smaller lobster-claw clasp , so that did n't surprise me ; I knew what I was buying . However , the manufacturer could make the links a little larger to accommodate the clasp.Highly recommended . If you purchase this necklace , I hope you wear it in good health ... after your mate clasps it for you.Reviewed by
 I absolutely love this necklace . It arrived exactly as described & shown . It is very flattering & perfect for the summer !
 This is an unusual necklace - fun and functional . It can be dressed up or down . The organza was a bit scratchy at first , but after a couple wearings has softened up , but not to the point of being limp . I have gotten lots of compliments on it .
 The necklace is very pretty , nicer than the photo . The flowers are pretty colors for many outfits , it is a unique piece of jewelry . The flowers are a bit scratchy , but I think you could get use to the feeling , for me it came and went over time . I think the necklace it well worth the price and would be enjoyed for dress and casual wear .
 Whats not to love ? It 's cheap , beautiful and it gets comments all the time .
 The belly ring I bought is overall a good product . The color of the stones are very pretty , but the clear inner portion doesnt allow you to turn it while its in the hole . I like to do that to keep the hole clear . Other than that I love the new belly ring .
 What a lovely ring this is -- sparkly , but not garish or cheap , and definitely well made and beautifully designed . -LRB- In fact , I 'm ordering a second one to wear with the first , for maximum impact . -RRB- One nice feature is the ring 's low profile , so you can wear it as you go about your business without worrying about catching it on anything . Another
 I have just received my ring . I love it ! It 's absolutely gorgeous . The stones are bright and tiny but very delicate . If you like big stones this ring it 's not for you . But if you are looking for a special one this is for you . I recommend it .
 i almost bought this ring because of its gorgeous reviews ~ it is beautiful , good quality -LRB- looks comparable to my $ 200 ruby ring -RRB- , true to the size . very solid and sparkle ring while not overly conspicuous.the reason why i 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the shape is not very flattering . my finger actually looks fatter and shorter in it.also there 's only one diamond instead of three -LRB- two of them are silver studs -RRB- . but who cares ! it 's hard to tell at this size anyway plus the price is great -LRB- got it for $ 24 -RRB- .
 This is an absolutely beautiful high quality ring that can be worn with almost any color outfit . I ca n't believe that this ring only cost me $ 35 because it looks expensive with the high quality gemstones and little diamonds . The surprise is that it is high quality and I have worn it for over a year and it still looks like new . I am hard to fit in rings since my fingers are long and skinny , but this ring fits perfect and is not overwhelming . My best friend loved it and could n't believe how much I paid and then proceeded to buy one of her own . If you wear this ring , I guarantee it will get noticed .
 It 's a beautiful ring ; it matches anything I wear . I 've received several compliments on it . I love it !
 i was so excited to get this ring because of all the good reviews . and true enough , it really is a nice ring ! i just love the look of the different colors on my finger . my husband kept on asking me how i much i bought it for because it looks expensive . delivery was fast , by the way . this ring is a keeper .
 This ring receives a lot of notice when I wear it . The stones are lighter in color than the photos , and the sizing is true .
 I ordered my ring on the 19th and it was scheduled to come on the 25th . A little long , but I could deal with that . Instead , I got it today , on the 22nd ! Anyways , the ring is exactly what I expected , and I love it . It 's sturdy and does n't feel cheap at all . The stones are absolutely beautiful . Do I love it ? Yes !
 This ring has stones that are nicely cut , has good sparkle , and a fair size each . The garnet is the one that stands out -LRB- and they are a nice red not dark brown -RRB- , the rest of the stones are very pale , so some people may be diappointed in this . Other than that there was not a disappointment for me . I have worn it several times , and the gold is still intact . The stones are not loose and sloppy , they are firmly set .
 I was at first skeptical about this ring as the price was very low and I do n't wear a lot of gold . I purchased the ring as I have a few nice gold necklaces I wear and I wanted a ring to work with them all . The ring does n't look like a $ 35 ring .
 The stones really stand out and make a statement . This mult-gemstone ring is really beautiful !
 This ring is different , but very pretty . It 's not too much or too big and all of the colors go well together . A great purchase !
 I love it ! I should not have bought it due to budget constraints , but have not regretted it . I wear it every day . i have been disappionted with previous jewelery purchases but not this one .
 This mult-gemstone ring is just beautiful . I got a size 5 and the stones really stand out and make a statement . Have gotten lots of compliments on it .
 first , delivery was much quicker than I thought it would be.second , it really is a beautiful ring ! I gave it as a gift and she loved it . Size was right on too !
 The photo does not do justice to this ring . It is far more beautiful than the photo . The price was good and service excellent . Maybe Amazon can consider supply such products in a presentation box rather than the blue suede sack .
 This little box is so cute ... the little dog is adorable ... it is like a ballerina box but a dog box . However , this is made from very sturdy paper board ... not wood . However , for a small child ... this is best ... no splinters or sharp edges .
 We bought this for my daughter 's third birthday . What a sweet little music box ! It is bright , colorful and sturdy . She will enjoy stashing treasures in it for years to come .
 This musical box is great for all kids , but especially boys . Most others feature ballerinas etc. , but this is great for anyone .
 My GF just loves this set , very good gift . reasonable price on amazon . Highly recommend
 Purchased this as a gift for my mother and she loved it . It is very nice and uniquely styled . It is a substantial piece of jewelry though -- it is heavy , but this is more a reflection of the genuine stones used .
 This is a beautiful necklace . It goes well with a variety of my wife 's outfits .
 We got these earrings for our daughter on her 6th birthday . She loves jewelry and especially earrings . The color is a little pale , the actual earrings are n't quite as pink as they look in the picture . But they are good quality and look great . My daughter wears them all the time.This was a good buy . These earrings are great for anyday wearing or with evening wear . They look very stylish .
 Though the color of the pearls was n't as pink as they looked online , the actual earrings are great . I wear them with jeans or a nice dress . They are easy to dress up and add a little something to a casual outfit . Bought two pairs and am having a hard time figuring out who gets the other pair ; all my friends will love them .
 I fretted about ordering these after reading some of the reviews . I am delighted with the quality . The color , as reported by many , is not as pink as the picture indicates . However , when you put them next to a pair of yellow or white pearls , they are obviously pink hued . I think it depends on your skin color , but on me the pink pearls do look nicer.For $ 21 , it was a great bargain for an everyday set of earrings .
 I purchased these earrings for my eight-year-old daughter . She loves them and I found them to be an excellent value .
 Wonderful shopping experience I purchased the item for holiday presents and the whole order came quickly and in wonderful condition .
 This is a gorgeous bracelet . Looks great paired with other bangles of varying design . The wraparound wire design makes it sturdy ; it does n't warp out of shape when you take it on and off . I highly recommend this bracelet especially if you like to mix and match several different bracelets together . Would look great by itself too .
 I love this necklace . It is great for St. Patty 's day and any day you feel like you need a little extra luck . It is delicate , simple , and pretty . I have received several comments ^_^ .
 well received the goods well in time and was happy about the finish and quality of the same
 I ordered this charm with a worry in the back of my mind that once it arrived , it would be smaller than listed on the site or made of cheap material - once I opened the box I knew I was worrying over nothing . The charm is large enough that the etching details are clear and the silver is quality . I will definitely buy from Sabrina Silver .
 The product came on time and looked as it did in the product description and the pictures . I wore them and they looked nice with my tux.As things would happen , a friend of mine saw the same item -LRB- not similar -RRB- on another website for $ 20.00 less . But that 's the way it goes sometimes .
 Mi querida esposa quedo encantada con el regalo del d&iacute;a de los enamorados . Ella al igual que algunos de nuestros amigos -LRB- as -RRB- opinaron que son muy bonitos y que le lucen muy bien . Por lo que los recomiendo.Saludos.Manuel - Caracas.Venezuela .
 These are a bit smaller than I thought they 'd be , but I still love them . -LRB- The size is clearly indicated in the above description , so it 's my fault for not taking note . -RRB- Everything I 've purchased by Zina is beautiful . I recommend these earrings .
 These go with EVERYTHING I wear . After wearing them almost nonstop for over a year , I lost one while doing yardwork ... and it took a LOT of force to get it out of my ear -LRB- I was trying to squeeze past a tree limb ... my fault ! ... even my baby daughter never managed to pull them out -RRB- So now I am back to pay this high price AGAIN to get another pair ... that 's how great they are ! These are .7 of an inch long ... if you want a bigger pair , there is also a pair that is .9 inches long ... they are a bigger hoop but the metal is thinner ... this pair is smaller but thicker ... I have seen both in person and prefer the shorter thick ones ... the thinner ones felt a little cheap , but that 's just my opinion .
 I like these earrings . They are a good size , and are light enough not to be a pain to wear . I had a problem with the closer on one . After the earring fell off a couple of times , I examined it and was able to fix it myself with no tools , so I did n't take off much . Just enough to not be perfect . I would definitely buy these again , or recommend them .
 I am very happy with these silver hoops . I wanted some bigger hoops that would be flattering and classy , and they 're perfect . They have n't tarnished at all yet and they 're high-quality . They 're not too heavy on my earlobes , either which is good for me !
 The silver ankle bracelet I purchased through amazon.com was not only as described but also of very good quality as it has lasted several months with daily use . Thank you amazon.com .
 I purchased this anklet for my wife , she loves it and wears it every day , great price and excellent weight . My wife says it is perfect .
 I was so pleased to recieve my pair of Sterling Silver Snap Hoop Earrings by Zina yesterday ! They are small , but very beautiful . I plan on leaving them in forever . They are that comfortable . Very lightweight and shiny ! I am so happy I chose these . Give yourself a little treat and try them out ! I love them !
 The earring is very solid and has good weight -LRB- but is n't overly heavy -RRB- . It looks very nice on the ear and is very well made . The snap enclosure is secure , and the hinge is seamless . I am very happy with this product .
 Well crafted and the perfect size . I was looking for a pair of small huggies and these were perfect . They are also comfortable and well made .
 My wife needed some small hoop earrings , and these fit the bill perfectly for her . they made a perfect stocking stuffer at Christmas !
 I gave these to my 10 year old daughter as a gift to wear on special occasions.She really likes them and they look like &#34; the right size &#34; on her . I think for an adult they might be a little small.They are real silver so now worries about the hypoallergenic stuff either . Thats a big plus .
 After losing one of my small white gold hoop earrings , I searched the local clothing stores for some simple silver hoops . Although I 've found `` cheap '' silver hoops , I 've never been happy with my purchases , so the search continued . You get what you pay for . On a whim , I added these earrings to my wishlist on Amazon and was delighted to receive them for Christmas . I could n't be more pleased . They are extremely well made and I love the loud snap sound they make when I put them on . I know these wo n't be falling off.My mother-in-law who purchased them for me was surprised and disappointed in how small they were for the price . I think I put them on my wishlist during a black friday or cyber monday deal that was going on ... . Or maybe not . I forget . But I 'm happy she bought them for me . I 'm looking into purchasing more Zina jewelry when I see a sale . My search for quality hoops has ended .
 Bought these as a gift for someone else and ended up keeping them . They 're small , so I have n't taken them off since first putting them on a couple of weeks ago . Comfortable , light , I even sleep in them . They look great .
 I purchased these about 3 years ago and the post on one of them just broke not too long ago . I was heartbroken . I 'd like to see if I can get them fixed because they are my favorite - classy , comfortable , and they go with pretty much everything . I bought another pair of silver huggies from Blue Nile and they are nice , but they 're not the same : - /
 I love these earrings . They are so comfortable I never take them off . I bought a pair for my mom and she loves them too . Wish they came in yellow gold .
 I am thrilled with my purchases from American Pearl , but I want to explain why in a way that you can appreciate . This Christmas season I was out to purchase a top quality set of pearls for my wife . She always wanted a beautiful set of pearls . Even when we were looking for engagement rings years ago , she would end up staring at the Japanese Akoya pearls -LRB- not that she did n't drool over the diamonds too -RRB- . This year , I wanted to make her dream come true . Neither of us are fussy about name brands , but we do n't compromise on quality . When I am going to make a significant purchase , I like to be an informed consumer -LRB- to the extreme in fact -RRB- . I spent about 2 months learning about pearls , shopping at the best stores -LRB- Tiffany & Co. and Mikimoto -RRB- and even reading some books on pearls -LRB- and visiting forums like pricescope -RRB- . I have always shopped on Amazon , but shopping for pearls whether Amazon , Ebay or from any online vendor can be risky . There are so many vendors on this site that throw around terms like AA and AAA or AAA + to describe their pearls . There is no industry accepted standard for grading pearls and merchants are free to set what ever grades they want for their pearls . One merchants A could be another merchant 's AAA . Grades are generally useless for comparison shopping . The only way they are relevant is if the merchant is actually benchmarking its grades to Mikimoto -LRB- which is the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared -RRB- . American Pearl 's grading system is benchmarked to Mikimoto . The AA pearls that bought from American Pearl are the same quality in all respects to pearls you would buy at Tiffany 's or a AA strand from Mikimoto . When you see other vendors selling AAA or AAA + -LRB- a grade they made up themselves -RRB- pearls , for substantially less than American Pearl 's AA , understand that you are not getting the same quality . You 're getting a trumped up strand of what is likely an inferior grade of pearl . I 'll put this in some context.Mikimoto mastered the art of culturing akoya pearls over 100 years ago and is still considered the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared . Mikimoto offers very high quality of pearls . The lowest quality pearls sold with the Mikimoto brand still fall within the top 5 % of the akoya pearl harvest . To differentiate between the quality of its pearls -LRB- and the huge difference in price from its lowest to highest level -RRB- , Mikimoto created it 's own standard for grading Japanese Akoya pearls based on a scale of D , C , B , A1 , A , A + , AA and AAA . D and C grade pearls are not jewelry grade and are generally crushed and used for makeup or for other commercial use . At best , they end up as beads in craft stores . Most pearls produced are C grade quality . The next level on the grading system is B quality , which is used in low end jewelry . B quality comprises pearls are typically found at department stores -LRB- even higher end ones like Lord & Taylor and Bloomingdale 's -RRB- and mall jewelry stores . These pearls generally fall in the top 20-6 % of the pearl harvest . To expand it 's market share , mikimoto created two low end lines of pearls under the brand names Sea Magic -LRB- sold at Jared 's and other similar stores -RRB- and Blue Lagoon -LRB- sold at Zales and similar stores -RRB- . These pearls are blemished and have poor lustre -- but are premium priced to capitalize on the brand affiliation with Mikimoto . Aside from the name , these are poor quality pearls that do n't meet the standards for sale with the Mikimoto brand . Lustre is the reflection of light off the surface of the pearl . Akoya 's pearls are valued on a number for factors , but first and foremost is lustre -LRB- the most prized value -RRB- . Pearl 's sold using the Mikimoto branding start with the more familiar A1 , A , A + , AA and AAA grades . A1 is the lowest grade pearl that Mikimoto will sell bearing the Mikimoto name . A1 pearls are slightly blemished , and have but have good lustre and medium nacre -LRB- skin of the pearl -RRB- . A is a very slightly blemished and better matched than A1 , with good lustre and medium nacre . A + has very slightly blemished pearls , with very good lustre , and medium to thick nacre . AA is minimally blemished , with excellent matching , excellent lustre and thick to very thick nacre . AAA pearls are flawless , with outstanding matching , outstanding lustre , very thick nacre . In short , AAA pearls is the finest grade of pearls available . AAA strands are also rare . Even Mikimoto stores only have a few strands in their inventory at any given time . Tiffany & Co. is also well known for selling outstanding quality pearls at equal eye watering prices . Tiffany does not have it 's own grading system -LRB- at least one that it publicly acknowledges -RRB- , but Tiffany strands are generally AA quality on the Mikimoto grading standard and Tiffany prices its strands directly in line with with Mikimoto AA strands -LRB- which would be $ 5,400 for an 18 '' 7x7 .5 mm strand -RRB- . I was doing some research to find a true equivalent to Tiffany and Mikimoto AA and AAA quality at wholesale prices . American Pearl is a direct importer of pearls and , through a lot of research , I found out that American Pearl is one of the suppliers to Harry Winston and Tiffany !!! AP also has a showroom on Fifth Avenue in NYC , only a few blocks from Tiffany flagship store and Mikimoto 's NYC store and has been in business as a B&M ; for over 50 years . If you 're in NYC , you can comparison shop Miki , Tiffany and American Pearl all in an hour or two . American Pearl 's grading system is equivalent to the Mikimoto system . When you buy a AA strand from AP you are getting a strand that is on par with a strand you would buy at Tiffany or a AA strand from Mikimoto . AP also offers strands that are equivalent to Mikimoto AAA -LRB- of the very highest order -RRB- , but these strands cost considerably more.I purchased an entire set -LRB- 18 '' 7x7 .5 mm , bracelet and studs -RRB- for my wife for christmas . The set was stunning . My wife wore the studs to tiffany 's so we could do a direct comparison to Tiffany 's strand . It was a dead match !! I could n't be any happier . AP gave me exactly what I wanted -- Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality for a below wholesale price . I emphatically give American Pearl my STRONGEST recommendation .
 This is a necklace I bought on a whim , but it turned out to be one of the best necklace purchases I 've made . It 's definitely heavier than my other necklaces , but I got used to that part very quickly . This necklace attracted lots and lots of attention and compliments right away - and looks stunning .
 I ordered this necklace for my daughter 's birthday -LRB- she 's 29 -RRB- I 'm not sure that my expectations were too high but not only was I thrilled , but she was as well . I often judge jewlrey 's quality by the `` classiness '' of the clasp and this one was a simple but elegant toggle.Really nice piece .
 Very distinctive necklace . Great for the price . Only wish it could be worn as a single strand . My wife loves it and so do I.
 This retainer is awesome !!! very comfortable . If u need to hide your piercing this is the item I recommend . No one can see it .
 I recently bought this ring for my fiance . It is a beautiful ring and was much less expensive than what we saw at local jewlry stores . I highly recomend this product.I was however shipped the incorrect size , however I was reimburssed for the cost of having it resized at a local store . Dispite the problem with the ring size , I received great customer service and prompt replies .
 This was a pretty good item . The shipping wasnt great , and it was a little difficult to learn to put on , however once I figured it out -LRB- use the doughnut piece on the inside -RRB- it worked pretty well . However I recently lost it after only a few weeks . I took it off for a doctors appt and couldnt remember where I put it , since it is clear it is making it very hard to find .
 Great for trying on clothes with less grab and perfect shape for easily slip inside the hole . I used it to hide it from a friend i had yet to tell about the piercing . He 's not crazy about that stuff .
 My son wanted to give his girlfriend a small Italian Horn for Christmas . I searched high and low only to find either large ones -LRB- for men -RRB- or the small ones were over $ 100 . This charm was beautiful ! Nice gold , perfect length , arrived in a nice box . I would definitely order again !!
 The charm is exactly what I ordered . I love it.It came quickly , and the size was true to the description.I would do business with this seller again .
 I gave these to my wife to commemorate the birth of our first child . The price was excellent , and she 's loved them . The size was a bit on the `` understated '' side , with which I was n't thrilled but should have expected , but she liked that feature in particular and wears them in all kinds of settings .
 I was nervous buying diamonds online but these diamonds were exactly as described . They had a nice sparkle and for the price paid they definetely met my expectations . I had previously purchased similiar earrings from a local jewelry store -LRB- and paid more -RRB- that were n't nearly as nice . My girlfriend was very happy with them .
 The earrings are very bright and sparkly . Lots of light play throughout the stones . The pair I received are not cloudy at all . I fooled my ignorant husband into thinking they are CZ -LRB- He likes that price better -RRB- . These earrings could easily cost twice as much.As stated in other reviews ; the backs are not tight enough . I would have scored these 5 stars except for that fact .
 I gave the earrings as a small present to my lovely wife . She was thoroughly delighted with them , and thought that the diamonds were beautifully cut and very nicely set in the gold studs .
 My husband got these for me for Christmas . The size is just right for me -LRB- not too big , not too small -RRB- , and the color is very clear and without a tinge of yellow or any other color.The only `` problem '' is the presence of huge inclusions . Husband did n't notice them , but I did . Although the inclusions are relatively large , you 'll still have to peer in closely to see them . Otherwise , they sparkle very nicely.My husband is so happy about the studs -LRB- he 's clueless with respect to jewelry , but I do n't really mind -RRB- , and I 'm happy with them , too , because of how he feels about them . I will also be able to wear these casually without having to worry about losing them every time . I know that the nearly-flawless versions cost almost a couple of thousand dollars per pair , and I 'd rather get a new Macbook Pro than jewelry anyway -LRB- something I 'm getting as another Christmas present from husband after Macworld in January -RRB- . All in all , ca n't complain , and I love the fact that husband even thought of getting jewelry at all . : -RRB-
 I am a great fan of dragons . So , I was delighted to add another dragon pendent to my collection . Very nice !
 This is a pretty subtle piece even though it 's dragon . It looks high end and not costumy at all .
 This made a delightful present for my friend 's 15 yr old daughter . The case has detail and by itself is very nice . When she discovered it opened and contained the necklace she was squealing with delight . The tiny penguin pendant is so detailed and pretty . She has received many many compliments when she wears it .
 the dancing feet penguin is a gift for my niecebut i am sure she will love it
 KEEP IN MIND THAT THIS SELLER ALWAYS AIMS TO PLEASE AND THEY DO . I HAVE WORN THIS A LOT AND HAVE RECEIVED LOTS OF -- WHERE DID YOU GET THAT ??? LIKE IT VERY MUCH DH
 This is an inexpensive , yet well-made silver pendant . It is easily identifiable as a peacock , despite not having any color and being small . The necklace stands out well if you wear it with a dark shirt , and it looks somewhat antiqued . It is one of my favorite pendants .
 bought these earings as a gift for my sister-in-law , came just as described and very pretty !!
 Very pretty earrings and an excellent value . My wife loves them - which is all that really matters - because they are light and very simple . Elegant but not overstated .
 This pendant is so very beautiful ! It 's bigger than I 'd expected . It 's my husband 's birthstone , so when he saw it , HE wanted to wear it ! So I gave it to him & ordered one for myself . It 's the prettiest pendant I 've ever owned . The stones are big & clear & georgeous . And the price is excellent . Thank you very much from both my husband & me !
 This cross makes an appropriate gift because it 's neither too large or too small . Also , the moonstones add a touch of elegance that 's not overpowering . It 's a little different , and a little edgy . Since this pendant does n't come with a chain , I bought a nice box link sterling chain to go with it . The box link complements the squared-off edges of this cross design really well .
 I have always been a big fan of marcasite.Iron pyrate related to hematite it is shiny and an eye catcher.They are now setting it with other stones like garnets and tobaz.Set in silver and all by itself , this is a beautiful ring.It arrived very quickly.And exactly as promised.I am very pleased.And wear it next to diamonds set in white gold .
 I purchased this jewelry chest and love it ! I do n't have a massive jewelry collection but it easily stores what I have with plenty of room for more .
 This was fun for the kids to have just something extra in along with all of the other junk they tend to get . these were a hit !
 I discovered American Pearl as a result of researching Mikimotos , which I understood to be the finest pearls available . Little did I realize that I was embarking on a lengthy process of education and decision-making that would result in me finding the pearl strand perfectly suited to me at this time . Mr. Edward Bakhash , who runs American Pearl and whose father founded the company decades ago , was exceptionally kind , helpful , and inceasingly patient as I examined several options ranging from Tahitian to South Sea to Japanese Akoya pearls of various sizes . I ultimately chose this 8.5-9mm Japanese Akoya strand , and it is beautiful . It clearly surpasses the pearl strands I have seen in the finest -LRB- and most well-known -RRB- jewelry stores . -LRB- In fact , I found some prestigious stores offering low-quality pearl at double or triple the price . -RRB- The high-luster of my strand , coupled with the rarer size , elicits stares . I was delighted when I wore my strand to a party , and my very worldly aunt approached me and immediately complimented my `` gorgeous '' pearls and asked me if they were `` Mikis . '' I will be forever grateful to Mr. Bakhash for helping me gain the knowledge I needed to make an informed and intelligent decision . His father must be very proud of him . I love my necklace , and it was the perfect choice for me . Additionally , I now enjoy being able to identify the type and quality of different pearl strands I see when I 'm out and about , and I earnestly look forward to the future date when I will buy a Tahitian strand from him .
 I am the mother of a 2 year old . I ordered these as backups incase she lost her current ones . They came in a timely manner . The product quality is great . They are exactly as described . For the price , you ca n't beat it ... if she loses them , I 'm not devestated :o-RRB- Hope this helps .
 Great earrings , no complaints ! Would buy again . I wear them all the time . They 're the perfect size , look exactly as I expected .
 The earrings were bigger than I expected , but the face on the sun is quite cute . This is the second pair of earrings I have bought from Sabrina Silver and I will buy from them again : -RRB-
 These have worked out well , and were reasonably priced . I could wish the face was a little happier , but I would guess that the area is too small . They go well with the sun/moon earrings that I bought them to match .
 I am absolutely thrilled with these earrings . They look exactly as in the picture , and are perfect for every-day wearing , or a little something special .
 Great earrings , no complaints ! Would buy again . I wear them all the time . They 're the perfect size , look exactly as I expected .
 The necklace was even more beautiful than I expected.Service was great.I would purchased for this seller agin ... Terry
 The earrings are great ! I wish they were n't as long and skinny , maybe the moon could be a little thicker , but besides that they 're perfect .
 If you 're looking for a great pair of earrings you 've just found them ! My husband bought these for me as a birthday gift -LRB- good job , honey ! -RRB- and they are beautiful . If I had seen them in person I would have immediately put them on my Wish List ; I could n't have done better myself . Looking forward to many years of wearing them . These are somewhat large for a post earring , so if you prefer something smaller on your earlobe I would n't get these .
 I was suprised at how beautiful , heavy-duty , and well-made this bracelet is . The stones are absolutely beautiful too , very pleased with this purchase . It was for myself , I love wearing it .
 i got these earrings for my mom 's biirthday and they are awesome . not only are they gorgeous and made out of real orchid petals , but they are also incredibly light weight . she put them on immediately and wore them the entire rest of the day . and the way they lay on the earlobe is so beautiful too . they have a slight curve to them so they curl under the earlobe a bit , and the color fades from light to dark - the darkest being the part curved slightly under the earlobe . they just look stunning on . very unique .
 Just right as a collar pin , and could be used as a tie tack , for a dog fancier . It 's a perfect rendering in miniature of the famous doggie that 's ` Two dogs long , and half a dog high ' !
 I was looking for a sapphire ring for my wife ; it had to be unusual , yet not overly pricey . I decided on this item from FineJewelers ; it more than met my expectations , and my wife is VERY happy with it . They work fast , ship quickly , and create an excellent product . I WILL be buying from them again !
 Came right away and they are just adorable . What a super price and nice product !
 I was so excited when these arrived . They look just like the picture and do n't hurt my ears at all they are wonderful !
 These earrings are great for any Jeep lovers like myself . I was SO excited to see them , and they are just as cute as I had hoped . They are small , so they do n't look like I 'm a little kid wearing SUV earrings . I love them .
 Absolutely LOVE this pendant . It still shines and sparkles , is elegant and the quality is excellent . Highly recommend to everyone .
 I ordered this product -LRB- which comes from China -RRB- and it was at my door in California in 2 days . I got what I ordered . Ca n't ask for much more for the price .
 I ended up getting this in lavender because the white was out of stock . It 's lovely and groovy . I know I 'll wear it a lot.Very pleased with the service and the packaging .
 necklace is very pretty , true to photo , however clasp is rather small and can be `` finicky '' . Overall I am more than satisfied with the necklace and plan to get alot of use out it .
 This ring was a perfect fit for my daughter , who turned 12 . Not to show , yet not to `` child-like '' either - it makes a great gift for those who are hard to buy for , but yet not responsible enough to have something too expensive .
 I do n't normally buy jewelry online but could n't resist when my son sent me a giftcard for online shopping . After many days of looking , I kept coming back to this necklace . It was exactly what I was looking for . I ordered it on the weekend , with Memorial Day being that Monday , and received it that Wednesday . This is extremely excellent service and when I opened the box , the necklace I received was exactly like the picture . I would feel proud to let anyone know where I got this necklace and about your great service . This is much better than shopping in department stores these days . Thank you !
 This necklace is even more beautiful in person than the picture shows . It looks delicate , but is very well made , and the pearls have very clean surfaces with good luster . The color is beautiful , and the way the pearls hang from the chain is very graceful . I love it !
 It was a well made beautiful and durable Sterling pendant to which I added a quartz point and presented as a gift to a friend . I was very pleased with the item 's quality .
 I 'm blown away by the quality of these pearls . Of course , it 's not perfect , and there are minor flaws . The flaws are so minute , you would have to be close and look for them.In my opinion , to get a perfect pearl necklace would require a lot of money . I think the flaws , to a certain extent , give the necklace character . The luster is incredibly high . The uniformity is pretty close to perfect . I think this was an excellent buy .
 Purchased these for my girlfriend recently , they came in a nice little box . They hang fluidly right out the box , no stretching or breaking in needed . Just like the description says ... overall I would say these make a very nice gift .
 I bought a set for my wife to wear at our wedding . Pearls look stunning , the clip is easy to open and prevents from loosing the necklace .
 This is a beautiful set of pearls . They have a lovely luster and color . The shape of each pearl is not perfect , but it is a great price for the quality .
 I bought these pearls for my wife to wear on our wedding day . She loved them and they -LRB- and her -RRB- looked stunning . The pearls are very closely uniformed and half only very mild -LRB- only detectable from inches away -RRB- blemishes . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that the knotting in the silk was so tight it came out of the box quite kinked . No worries , it straightened right out with a little exercise . All in all a great product !
 This necklace was a Christmas gift for my daughter-in-law . It is beautiful ! Much nicer than more expensive strands I looked at . I could n't be more thrilled with my purchase !
 This is beautiful . The pendant arrived quickly , did not take long at all . Very good quality , I recommend it highly .
 We bought these for our 51/2 year old daughter for Christmas . She 's going to love them ! Very cute , dainty , detailed . We also bought a horse treasure box and these will be in the box when she opens it .
 I bought this as a lightening deal and could n't be happier with it . I have n't worn a drop necklace before and it 's a fun piece . You definitely know that you have a necklace on as there is a bit of weight to it but it 's not cumbersome . The circular pieces are about the size of a 5m pearls and separated evenly by small silver balls . The silver with black swirls make it versatile to wear with just about everything . I like the hint of peridot-it 's just enough to tease but not overwhelm . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 There are two things that rate the four star rating ; the stones are too few and too small for the price , and the chain above the swirled pieces is rather weak . I would have liked some adjustability in the length . All that said , this is a beautiful piece and I look forward to wearing it for many years .
 I bought this item as a gift and I am sure that the person receiving it will love it ! These earrings are just the right size , and I really like the fact that they are sterling silver . The horses have very nice and delicate detail on the head , mane and tail , which makes the earrings look realistic . I am very glad I found these horse earrings !
 These were ordered for a young girl who loves horses . The earrings were well made and crafted wonderfully . I am very pleased with the earrings and the matching necklace .
 These are really pretty earrings but are smaller than I imagined . Also the backs fit loosely and I nearly lost one the first time I wore them .
 I worked for nine years at an upscale jewelry store that sold Zina jewelry , and I can attest it is quality merchandise . Rarely did we get returns when someone had received a Zina piece as a gift . Even more rarely did we have to return anything for repair as the pieces are of very high quality . Even more incredible was that Zina would remake a missing earring . I lost one at a football game , mailed in the `` partner , '' and got a brand-new , hand-created replacement . To find Zina jewelry on Amazon at such good prices was a thrill for me . I have already bought at least four items on Amazon to date .
 My little sister , whom I gave this to for a present loved it . the workmanship on the earings is great and the pictures do n't do the stones justice . These are great earings that are youthfull yet classy .
 Although the box is bigger than needed and the sorting tray is on the cheap side . . the kit proved to be wonderful . The beads are nice quality and the instruction sheet includes an explanation of what the different colors represent . The string provided is elastic but the kit also includes clasps so that you do n't need to stretch the bracelets when putting them on/off . My daughter and her friend made 5 bracelets each -LRB- including an ankle bracelet -RRB- and we STILL have beads left.I 'm here to order another set so I 'm ready for another rainy day .
 The box may be big , but the beads are nice , far better than the plastic or tiny glass beads in most kits . I have n't been able to find anything similar . My daughter made bracelets nice enough for her -LRB- and me -RRB- to wear . She used every bead in the box , and went back to the craft many times . I was looking for a second box for Christmas and I am sorry - but not surprised - that it is sold out .
 Love these earrings . I purchased for granddaughter and she loves them . I am going to buy myself a pair . Just the right size for a 13 year old girl .
 I bought these for my wife -- they 're a little smaller than I expected , but fair enough given the pricing . Generally nice , and they came in a decent gift box .
 I bought the ring for my hubby . he loves the ring , but the stone is quite light , not as shown on the screen . It would be 5 star if the stone color is as dark as shown in the photo . Anyway , still a gorgeous ring .
 This makes such a great gift , my friend loved this travel bag for your jewelry . There is two areas to put earrings or bracelet or watches . And there is an area were your necklaces can bare kangaroos out and a strap to put your rings .
 I bought this Jewelry roll for traveling . It is very beautiful , nice color , very convenient . A lot of pockets for every jewelry that I have . Thanks .
 These are great ! I like the color and especially the price !!! At first I thought they would be to small and I would have to give them to one of my nieces , but they open up and slip on your ear and magnificent fit ! I will have to order my nieces their own in their birthstone color . This is a sturdy piece of sterling silver and I like it . I will order more from this company and go through Amazon.com to do it ! Thanks to you both for a very good quality product .
 My favorite earrings ! Complete style and comfortable . The gemstones are genuine -LRB- sterling silver and real gemstones , imagine that -RRB- . Kathy 's attention to detail really shows in this design .
 I get a lot of compliments when I wear these earrings . I 'm glad I bought them . The seller has excellent customer service as well . I received them within the week I ordered them although I selected standard , flat rate shipping . I would recommend these and the seller .
 I bought these pale gold dangly earrings for a close friend 's birthday present and she was really pleased with them . They are dressy enough for the office and casual enough to wear with a tee shirt and jeans . The end tip of the dangle hangs approximately to the mid jaw line -- just below the ear . They are reasonably priced and the post and anchor style ensures that they wo n't slide out of your ear -LRB- as they are rather light -RRB- . Good value for the money .
 Muy bellasSon de muy buen tama & ntilde ; o y de alta calidad , despues de varios a & ntilde ; os aun ellas presentan muy buena apariencia.Saludos , Ali desde Venezuela.Very beautifulThey are very good size and quality , after several years even they have very good looks.Regards , Ali from Venezuela .
 This ring is just gorgeous , far prettier than all yellow gold would be . Purchased to wear on a finger with an arthritic knuckle , my stone ring swings to the back , it is a bigger ring to go over the knuckle . This is perfect and beautiful too .
 Sterling-silver Rose-gold Black Hills Gold 10 mm Wedding-bandsI just love this ring . You do not see black hills gold this inexpensive so I just had to have it . Also half sizes are not usually sold online . The size ordered fit perfectly and I would recommend it .
 This is a nice heavy band with beautiful leaves . I wear it all time . I get a lot of compliments , I have a friend that got it for her son . I love this ring .
 My man and I exchanged commitment rings and picked these out as our matching rings . They are very pretty , but we were surprised that the design does n't encircle the entire ring -LRB- the underside is plain silver -RRB- . For the price I would have expected the design to be on the entire ring . But they are very pretty and the meaning is what really matters to us , so we are pleased .
 I used Amazon for the first time and found it easy way to shop . I was amazed that I found a ring that my husband had lost , he was so surprised that I found another one to replace . The shipping was quick and easy
 Circle Stone Link Pave Diamond Bracelet , I bought the bracelet and ring together . The quality and detail are beautiful , and pieces are well coordinated .
 This toe ring really stands out . The bright colors are a big plus for `` showing it off '' . I had to get more than one to help spread the fun around !
 This toe ring is beautiful . It does n't hurt that I like dolphins . It is a great compliment to a `` Dolphin Spinner Ring '' that I purchased . A great addition to any toe !
 I LIKE this ring ... It is EXACTLY as it looks in the picture . Unfortunately the stone is obviously fake , which is kindof a bummer , but otherwise it 's a pretty ring . Good to wear in the summer with a strappy dress & a tan .
 The pendant is lovely , my client adored the piece I made with it . Highly recommended !
 I gave these earrings as a Christmas gift to my best friend . She loved them . These earrings look so nice and so unusual . Square cultured pearls in a dainty gold frame - I 'm getting a pair for myself too !
 Arrived within 4 days . Very well packaged . Nice quality , thickness of bracelet is nice . Stays in place and can easily be sized .
 As I 've already typed about Inspire bracelet , this one is cool . Perfect , I adore it , really . Thans for fast delivery and catalogue of other items ^ ^
 This toe ring is so nice ! It is n't bulky like alot of others , I have others that pinch or are so thick that they hurt my other toes . Thin but well built . It is not flimsy at all . I love it ! I can even sleep in it . However it is a $ 3.99 piece of jewlery and I did get a little green toe after showering in it for a week or so , but one day in the pool wouldnt hurt Im sure ! Hope you enjoy it as much as me!PS ignore the bret part of the name , my bf bought this for me !
 The item looked and felt to be of high quality . The price was reasonable and it was shipped in a very timely manner .
 The Scarab is beautiful . I ordered the item on a Saturday and it was here on Tuesday ; packaged in a nice box , with a jewelery pounch as well . I would recommend this seller/company to others .
 Received the scarab and have n't had it off my charm holder since . I purchased one in Egypt for my daughter in law and then discovered when I got back that I wanted one for myself . Amazon made it easy .
 Lapis Scarab ... bought this for grown granddaughter who loves things that are different ... she had seen a scarab a few months ago and wanted that one , but coulnd ' t afford it ... I love it . . delicate and very good craftsmanship , , , Looking forward to her seeing it and her reaction ... karen
 I really am enjoying this bracelet -LRB- which I just received this week -RRB- - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage . The bracelet fits well and it 's very comfortable . I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths , which are getting rare in silver . I highly recommend it .
 I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it ... it 's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it .
 It 's beautiful and just what I wanted . Shipping was fast . So far I have had no problems with it .
 I really am enjoying this bracelet -LRB- which I just received this week -RRB- - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage . The bracelet fits well and it 's very comfortable . I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths , which are getting rare in silver . I highly recommend it .
 I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it ... it 's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it .
 It 's beautiful and just what I wanted . Shipping was fast . So far I have had no problems with it .
 I was a suprise Birthday/Anniversary give for my wife . I was as she said the greatest . I could not have been more happy . but he most men know when the wife is happy everyone else is happy
 My children bought me an Italian charm bracelet a few years back as a gift from a jewelry store . My mother comments how pretty it is every time she sees it , so I bought her one for Christmas and 8 clearly charming charms to go with it . She has always loved snow white so I had to get it for her . It 's a beautiful charm and because it 's a double link it really stands out from the other ones . I 'm going to order some of the other full body charms that are available for my daughters ' and grand daughters ' bracelets . They are unique ! Cheryle M.
 My wife wanted a jacket for her diamond studs . These really fit the bill . They were exactly as advertised.The delivery was promt product arrived in perfect condition .
 I love this charm , but unfortunately I have found the tail continues to snag on almost everything I wear . I fear the tail will eventually break off due to the amount of times it has snagged on fabric and me having to bend it back into place . Otherwise , the charm is beautiful ... just beware of the tail !
 I have to say , that I was very impressed not only with the product I received , but with the shipping timeline and also with the way the product was sent . This was exactly as I 'd pictured it on Amazon.com , and delivery was much sooner than I 'd expected . Delivery was expected to be between 12/18-12 / 26 , and I received the product on 12/20 , which was before Christmas . It was nicely and securely packaged , and the product lived up to my expectations . I would DEFINITELY buy from this vendor again , and I was very satisfied with my overall experience with them !
 Nicely made , good color on the stones , but the silver appears a little darker . Even after cleaning . However I have received compliments .
 Very nice earrings , well-made , with clear , deep purple amethysts . Nice match for the Bali bead pendant , but I 'm still waiting for the earrings to come out in peridot , to match the peridot pendant I bought.Very satisfied with customer service at Silver Speck , had a problem with another purchase and they were very accommodating ! Plus , prompt delivery -LRB- 6 business days -RRB- , even across the border !
 I got this as a surprise gift . I was worried about the sizing , but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it . I have not had experience with titanium rings , but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt , I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one . If you 're thinking about this product go for it , this ring is a nice , medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping , you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted , and it was $ 15 , which with a total of $ 125 is a hefty price for some .
 I got this as a surprise gift . I was worried about the sizing , but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it . I have not had experience with titanium rings , but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt , I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one . If you 're thinking about this product go for it , this ring is a nice , medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping , you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted , and it was $ 15 , which with a total of $ 125 is a hefty price for some .
 I had been looking in department stores and online for probably two months before I found this ring on amazon . It was unlike anything I had seen and unlike any of the other rings styles I was looking at but I fell in love . When I got it was even more amazed , it is a georgous ring . Great quality and it will be a great gift , I am going to have a message engraved on the inside of the ring just to personalize it a little more .
 The earrings arrived ahead of schedule and were actually more attractive than the picture . They are very confortable and a great length .
 I purchased this pendant , along with matching earings , several years ago . They were a small gift for my wife for her birthday . Not only was she quite happy in getting these lovely little sapphires -LRB- one in the pendant -RRB- , but she along looks great in them.I would n't recommend these as the main gift for someone who gets a lot of jewelery , but if it is a rare thing , or it 's a little `` thinking of you '' gift , I would definately say it is money well spent .
 My best friend wanted me to find a pair of silver earrings for her that she purchased in Maine 2 years ago . Well , they match perfectly ! I am so glad that we have the right pictures on Amazon . That is how I matched them , with a picture . Thank you Amazon .
 A very fine web site , and plan to use your web site in the near future
 I love this belly ring . The legs kinda stab the sides of your bellybutton and it hurts . But I got use to it . I 've had this product for a really long time and just reclently the spider is n't holding it 's threads . I supergluded it back in place and it works like new .
 I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is a see through color .
 La calidad es buenisima y llego en perfecto estado.The quality of this product are perfect !!
 It ' works well and glows in the dark , but it has to be DARK . If you want something more noticeable and bright , look for a Glow Mouth Piece .
 Very quick delivery . The band is smooth and the rose is lovely . Very comfortable and very pretty.Edited to add
 I bought this ring as a reward for myself for completing a milestone . I have very specific taste in jewelry . I enjoy simple pieces that can go with anything . When I saw this ring , I knew it was just perfect for me . I ordered it , hoping it would live up to my expectation . I could not wait for it to arrive . I opened the box and was delighted to see it was in a lovely little velvet bag , with the inside a little plastic bag inside . I put it on , and I fell right in love with it . I wear it all the time . It is very sturdy and looks lovely on my hand . This ring is very much worth it and is definitely at the right price !
 I have to say I 'm in awe by this ring . The silver is really high quality and is genuine with a stamp inside the ring . The rose has beautiful detail and looks very elegant . For this price , it is absolutely wonderful and I would definitely order again . Not to mention , the size of the ring is perfect
 I love this ring . I bought a size 4 and it fits perfectly . I 've had this ring for about a year now and have not noticed any tarnishing or change in color . The ring is sturdy but comfortable . I wear it everywhere - in the shower , when I 'm cleaning , and even to my job at a farm and have not seen any visible damage to the ring . I 'd recommend this to anyone : -RSB-
 The ring was a hit with my daughter . She loves it and wears it proudly . It is very cute and is as described in the advertisement . Thank You .
 The rose ring , I ordered in the wrong size , and was not available in my size . Was offered to select another ring , or a refund . I chose another ring , and am happy with my purchase .
 Originally I bought this ring for myself ... but my daughter loved it so much I ended up buying one for her birthday . We both are very happy .
 I purchased this ring over a year ago and it still looks as good as the day I bought it . It is a beautiful , delicate ring , and I get many compliments . Over time , there is absolutely no ware or damage . And I have worn it everyday for a year !
 I have been looking for a rose ring for quite some time and was never able to find one that was n't so flashy . This ring is perfect . It is small , simple , and beautiful . For someone who is n't a big jewelry fan in general , I am in LOVE with this ring .
 I got this for my gf , juz to promise her that I love her and only her , she loved it . I gave it to her while we was in Orlando , after she was hinting that she wanted a ring , she didnt know I was going to give her one . But the ring is small and shiny , and it fit perfect on her finger . I suggest that anyone and everyone get this ring for their love < 3
 This is a beautiful little ring that I bought since my middle name is Rose . It is cute and a nice addition to the jewelry I own .
 This ring looks very nice and wears well . It 's very pretty and the detail is nice . The rose is kind of small so I do n't know if I would recommend it for someone with larger hands , but it is very nice -LRB- even on larger hands -RRB- .
 This ring is beautiful and I got it for my wife and it 's great but the rose on it is vary small smaller then the pic
 Very beautiful ring . The rose is very detailed . It is not cheap quality and the grade of the sterling silver is 925 .
 Wow ! i love this ring . my mom bought me this ring and i abosolutly love it ! i just got it a few minutes ago and my friends are over and they adore it ! its totally worth the buy . oh and moms it is totally an idea for cristmass for teen girls like me .
 Small Sterling Silver Detailed Rose Flower Ring Size 7 -LRB- Size 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 -RRB- I love this ring . I was looking for ring in a very specific size because I have big fingers , and I fell inlove with this one . They shipped it right away and I got it with in 4 bussiness days.I was very pleased with the quality of the product also .
 A very pretty , nicely-crafted ring , but tiny - even smaller than it looks in the photo .
 I absolutely love the ring . It is better then what i was expecting . So many people have commented about it today . Plus wow that was quick shipping , the ring came 3-7 days earlier then what it was expected to be here . You did a great job guys and definitely worth the money .
 This little ring is absolutely precious ! It 's extremely well crafted , with lovely detail and finishings . It 's a catch for this cheap price ! I get compliments on it all the time ; I can honestly say it was worth the money . A friend of mine and I use them as friendship rings and we both adore them . Beautiful and inexpensive , it will probably make a great gift or a little something for yourself . It 's a fabulous , classic and fun accessory . The only thing to watch out for is that the ring measurements are exact ! So if you want a little room , move a size up . But , mine is a 5 and it fits perfectly .
 My mother and I both bought thins ring to have matching.We both wear it every day.It 's delicate and pretty on my finger.We 're both so glad we bought it : -RRB-
 I loved the prompt delivery . I have gotten many compliments on the ring I ordered and I am quite pleased with the quality . The size was very accurate and fits me perfectly . I have no complaints !
 The ring is beautiful ! It arrived well before the expected date . The rose is small , detailed , and dainty . When I first wore it , I received so many compliments.It does get caught on things , but what ring does n't ? The band has become a bit deformed in the month I have had it , but it still fits perfectly . If you are looking for an elegant accessory , I would recommend this one .
 I got these beautiful rings because I wanted to surprise my 31/2 year old with a big girl ring without having to spend a lot of money -LRB- since she is 31/2 -RRB- . I got one for her and one for myself and they are soo beautiful , great shape , pretty little rings and she loved it !! It came fast and I 'm so happy with the whole experience !! Definitely recommend especially for your daughters :-RRB- Gorgeous little rings : -RRB-
 I was extremely excited when my ring arrived . The delivery was prompt . The quality of the product was quite lovely , and I was surprised by the detail in the rose and the tiny leaves . I am , over all , very satisfied with the product that I have received .
 This was a Valentine gift for one of my daughters . I paired it with the matching rosebud earrings . I guessed 2 sizes smaller for a pinky ring -LRB- sz 4 -RRB- and it was perfect . These are sterling silver , and the matching earrings are too , which made an excellent buy !
 such a cute ring , definitely smaller than expected as far as rose size , finger size perfect . Wish they came in half sizes as I would probably be a 91/2 but went with size 10 fits nicely . Even looks nice on larger fingers , as I have such I am very particular about how rings look . Def worth the buy !
 For some reason i thought this ring was going to be bigger than it actually ended up being , but that 's my fault for not spending the time work the measurements out . The rose part of it is n't as clear and defined as i would have liked but i still love it . I get compliments on it almost every time I wear it . It 's very sturdy but delicate at the same time .
 I was surprise how detailed this Rose Flower ring was . From a distance and up close you can tell it 's a beautiful rose flower ring . My wife loves it . Many compliments . Does n't look cheap .
 The reviews convinced me to purchase this ring and I am glad I did . It is beautiful ! It is not too big or too small . I bought some rose earrings to match and they compliment each other . I also received the order quickly . No complaints here : -RRB-
 I bought this ring to wear on my right hand and to match a necklace/earring set I have . The ring is of good quality silver , not the cheap kind that bends and ends up creating a mis-shapened ring . The ring looks just as it does in the photo and looks beautiful when worn . There 's not much else one can say except that it 's great quality , good price and if it 's your style then I would definitely recommend purchasing it .
 The ring is absolutely beautiful ! It is very detailed , delicate , and just so very pretty and feminine . The picture makes the ring look sort of antique-y and old , but when in actuality it is very shiny and bright . Definitely not as dark as it looks in the picture , which I was sort of hoping it would be . But that 's fine , I am very pleased with this purchase and recommend it to anyone interested .
 I wear my ring every day and have gotten many compliments ! This was exactly what I was looking for , at a great price , and I receieved it just a couple days after I ordered . I would definitely order from Silver Insanity again .
 Rose is my flower . I am happy to choose this `` Detailed Rose '' ring for myself which I never took off once I recieved . Its a pleasure to look at and a treasure to own .
 I am a guy , and I got this ring as a one month present for my girlfriend . she likes it lot and wears it all the time on her finger or on a necklace . we are both rowers so wearing rings during rowing is not comfortable . so mostly she wears it on the necklace , and i was disappointed that this ring has the space inside the rose carved out to save material . so on a necklace it looks pretty cheap.also the rose is actually much smaller -LRB- about 3/16 of an inch -RRB- than it looks in the picture . I was expecting a rose much closer to the size of 1/2 inch.I gave this four stars based on the fact that my girlfriend likes it so much . but if it was just me I 'd give it more like 2.5 or 3 stars.still its cheap , ca n't argue with that . so if your looking for a nice gift , and not looking to spend much at all . Yeah , go ahead and get it .
 This ring is so beautiful and sturdy . I got it for my 5 year old granddaughter who is in the hospital . She loves it . I was sent the wrong ring the first time , but the company sent the correct one quickly . I am happy with the ring and the service .
 Nice ring . Nice feel on my finger . I am a big fan of silver and I love how the rose twinkles and sparkles when it catches the light .
 I love this ring . Many of my friends tried to take it from me because they wanted it too !
 It is the most perfect ring . My husband purchase this ring for me `` just because '' and every time I look at it it makes me smile ! Not just because it is a gift from my wonderful husband but because it is so darn cute , and it looks great on my hand next to my wedding ring . : -RRB-
 i think this ring was a really good purhase . it came in a little blue drawstring bag -LRB- which i thought was nice -RRB- . the picture does lead you to think that it 's bigger than it actually is but with my skinny fingers it looks fine . i love it !
 The item was great it matched a ring that my wife had that she wore into . thank you very much
 Truly silver . Wo n't turn your fingers green . Great price ! I love it ! It is so beautiful and gentle up close .
 I ordered this ring out of a whim and I couldnt be happier with my purchase . I wear the ring all the time and its the perfect size . I recommend this ring to anyone who loves true beauty .
 This is a small ring but for the money you can not beat it . Very well made .
 I bought this just as a joke for my girlfriend , since she loves flowers so much . She has n't taken it off in 10 days , and we both liked the little cloth puch it arrived in . What was intended as a joke turned into a nice gift .
 I was amazed at how quickly I received the ring ! I think it is higher quality than what the picture shows , and is very delicate and feminine . The ring size is a little bigger than I expected , but not enough to be a problem . Thank you Silver Insanity ! I will be ordering from you again in the future .
 This ring is beautiful , and has even though it looks small on my large size 10 fingers , I am happy with my purchase . Also , this price is quite nice .
 I 've worn this on a daily basis for three years , now ! It 's very pretty , and does n't irritate my skin or turn it nasty colors !
 It is a great ring for my teenager daughter . I bought 2 rings and i like this one less . The flower is tiny and the band is thin . The flower stands out . I rated 4 stars because it is tiny . Maybe will look ok on small hand as i bought size 9 .
 I love this ring so much . I can see it being one of my favorites forever . It 's cute and very detailed and great for my small hand . I love silver specks products as well . Can never go wrong with this company cause they ship quickly and sell quality jewelry . A + + + + !
 Just got this ring ! Its so pretty and so dainty . I recommend buying this if u things that are so cute . Cant beat the price !
 It fit perfect and the stones are amazing . The pics here do n't do it justice . I own a lot of real , fine jewelry and my friends thought this was an expensive designer purchase ! I love it !
 I love it ! The picture really does n't do it justice . It 's incredibly classy and it has a simple beauty to it . It arrived earlier than expected . Will definitely be buying from them again .
 The ring arrived quickly , and it was clean and nice , but it looks prettier in the picture . For example , the flower was larger than I expected .
 I had this ring for a year and loved it ! Unfortunately , I lost it a few weeks ago and am so glad they still have it ! I always get compliments on it , it fits comfortably . It 's great !
 I have to say for the price this ring is amazing . Very , very pretty . The silver is much brighter than the photo communicates though . It is much more shiny than the photo , not antique looking at all , just very pretty and classy.I do n't think for the price you can do much better ! Will for sure but more from these guys.Packaging was very pretty as well . Comes in a pretty , black velvet bag in a pretty box.A + all the way .
 This ring is perfect for me and my tiny , size 5 fingers . The rose is perfectly crafted and it looks great !
 I love rings . I need more pinky rings and it 's hard to find size 4 rings that are n't just for children . This ring is nice . It 's a nice flower ring that is perfect as a pinky ring for me .
 This ring is so pretty . It 's very tiny and suddle . I 've never seen another ring like it . I 'm actually wearing it now -LRB-
 The rose ring I ordered is so pretty . Without all the pretentiousness of a stone , it is easily recognizable as a rose . I 've never seen anyone else wear one and I am really happy with it .
 I wanted a pretty pinky ring and this was just what I received . The ring is elegant ; a perfectly executed rose at the height of bloom . I absolutely love it and will buy another from this company . Also , the shipping was on the money , too . It came a few days after ordering by USPS without express shipping . Perfect !
 This ring , is really pretty , very detailed , but a lot smaller than I expected . I would of given it 5 stars , had I not discovered that it has some small holes , it seems that the rose was sort of soldered on the ring , but not completely . You ca n't really see the holes , unless you look for them , and I did n't really want to pay 5 dollars for another ring , so I kept .
 I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted -LRB- which is pretty hard to find now a days -RRB- it 's a very cool looking design .
 This stud is smooth on the tongue with a cute color that is almost unnoticable . Add a little sass to your taste bubs with this little delight . Arrived from Body Candy , quick and easy .
 I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted -LRB- which is pretty hard to find now a days -RRB- very nice color .
 I was hoping to get another one , as my wife really loved it -LRB- before my one year old ripped it off her neck -RRB- . Oh well .
 This charm is so cute . I think it is perfectly sized to fit on the charm . I saw something similar to this on a different site , but this one was cuter and the other one was much more expensive .
 Received our order in a timely manner . Needed to add to order and called Amber Suttie who was very helpful , courteous & took care of my additonal order . I have ordered many items from Amazon & always have been very satisfied w every order . I would definitly recomend them . Thank U Amber for all u r help !! Linda L , Welsh
 It took a bit to recieve this item , but it was worth it . I was not expecting the necklace to # 1 weigh as much as it did & # 2 to be so intricately detailed . It was a Christmas present for my sister and she loves it . Thank you .
 The earrings are lovely and they shipped extremely fast . I am very pleased with them : -RRB-
 The first tongue ring I received was defective but the seller called me to apologize and sent out a new one at no cost to me.I was very pleased with the customer service and the new jewelry is a wonderful piece.I 'm not so sure it glows , but it is a great shade of pink , comfortable to wear , and most definitely worth the price . I would recommend this seller to anyone .
 And it was here early ! I keep it in all the time no complaints . If I ever lose this one then I will order these again !!!
 I love how it glows in the dark ... and if ur trying to hide that u have a tongue ring from family its perfect , everyone just thinks its candy
 I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted -LRB- which is pretty hard to find now a days -RRB- it 's a see through color .
 I bought this for a good friend of mine because the stones were those of her and her sons . She adores it and wears it always . Low price , fast shipping and great quality . You ca n't really ask for more .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . It far exceeded my expectations . The most appealing thing about this necklace is the flexability . It lays so pretty on the neck . This is my second purchase of this product . I gave a friend one for a gift and she loves it .
 What an incredible necklace ! Such a brilliant polish ! As an added bonus , it 's nickel free !
 Great item . My wife had one that we bought for around $ 50 at the mall and it had her breaking out in a rash.This item is nickel free . She has been wearing it since before Christmas and loves it .
 it was a lot smaller than i expected , but still really cool and great . i think this item was a great item and looks very pretty .
 My wife has always loved jewelry of almost every kind , as long as it is simple , non-ornate or non-gaudy , beautiful and , well , again -- simple and lovely . These pearl earrings certainly fit the bill . These were a Christmas present and a giant hit -- just beautiful and , here at near the end of January , she has not yet taken them off for anything . These are a great buy for the dollars requested and after comparison shopping seem truly a bargain . So ----- simple ... pretty ... inexpensive ... happy wife ... all together ----- priceless !!!!!!
 What can I say - they 're everything the description says . They are beautiful and were well matched . Mounts are nice and solid . Excellent general wear size .
 I was super excited to receive this jewelry wall mount . The box came nicely and no harm was done inside . The jewelry box is solid wood and very heavy . My husband went and bought some heavy duty screws to mount it with because the ones it came with were a little small . Plus , two of the three were not going to hit a stud . It took both of us to get it up , but we managed and I absolutely love the look . I do n't have a lot of jewelry , but it has plenty of room inside for my collection to grow .
 I really like the curio it saves a lot of space and keeps my valuables locked up . I would highly recommend this to anyone . It also has a mirror which doubles as two things that would take up sapce in your room .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it ! Says it 's the best gift she has received in 20 years . It is well built , attractive and was fairly easy to install . Lining up the holes was a little challenging but definitely do-able for the average handyman . I found it best to drill the top 2 holes , put wall anchors in , hang cabinet using nails to keep in place and then mark bottom hole with an awl.My wife says she wants another one of these for her birthday .
 We were more than satisfied with the jewelry armoire . I is well build and arrived well packed . We like that you can lock it for security .
 This cabinet can truly be a life saver . If you have a lot of costume jewelry and you have to dress for work on a daily basis this piece can make your life easier when trying to assessorize in the morning . Very pleased with the quality but a bit difficult to hang .
 Finally a problem resolved . Stinks though , air it out first . Make sure you have studs where you want the product to be .
 Great cabinet construction , solid hinge and door . Inside felt actually comes in black , which is better and more modern . It has enough room that my wife 's dresser door and jewelry on top of the dresser fit inside.Mounting is a bit troublesome , and I 'm pretty handy . The wall anchors are crappy . Twice I drilled through them . I replaced with my own . Also , the door is so heavy you need to either remove -LRB- wish it made that way -RRB- or have a strong person hold it while mounting .
 Super product ... had my eye on it for years and thought it would be too big with not enough to put into it . So glad I finally brought it . The only difficulty it that there is too much space for rings . Oh well , I guess I will consider that a buying opportunity . Everything is now at eye level which makes it easier to make selections ... great for costume jewelry collections . Bracelets are harder to store because of their width .
 I got this for my wife because she has a lot of costume jewelry that was scattered among numerous jewelry boxes . This thing is huge . It held all her costume jewelry and all her other stuff . She loves it ! Therefore , so do I.
 my brother gave this to his girlfriend for Xmas and she loved it . it has enough space to hang up all her jewelery .
 It lost a star because it was very slightly damaged when it arrived . Nothing too significant , but if I 'd been able to take it to a store , I would have done so.It is heavy and solid . It 's has room to display a lot of jewelry , especially necklaces and the 4ft mirror is also perfect .
